
                             501 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                      October 5, 1992, Monday, 1* EDITION

Referendum debate drowns out public pleas for help on AIDS

BYLINE: KEVIN GRIFFIN; VANSUN

SECTION:  Pg. B5

LENGTH: 310 words


Forget about a renewed national AIDS strategy until after the referendum.

That's the message AIDS community groups say they are getting from federal Tory
politicians in response to attempts to convince Ottawa to renew its five-year
national AIDS strategy, which expires on March 31, 1993.

In an effort to focus attention on the federal government's inactivity on the
issue, AIDS community groups are launching a petition and staging rallies in
Vancouver and across the country today on the start of AIDS Awareness Week.

"There is a sense of incredible frustration because HIV and AIDS is not going to
wait until after the referendum," said Lauro de Haan, one of the organizers of
the Action for AIDS Funding Crisis rally.

"That does not negate the importance of the constitutional referendum. However,
we also have a certain amount of anger because this is an incredibly important
issue. We can't put this off for a month."

Several hundred people are expected at today's rally at Robson Square starting
at noon. It is organized by AIDS Vancouver, the Vancouver Persons With AIDS
Society and the Positive Women's Network.

Ottawa currently spends $ 37 million a year on its national AIDS strategy. Money
goes toward everything from community prevention and education programs to
research.

Rick Marchand, Canadian AIDS Society board member and AIDS Vancouver manager of
education, said while federal civil servants are consulting with community
groups across the country, the constitutional referendum has monopolized the
attention of federal politicians.

"Even if they keep the funds the same, it will represent a loss because of
inflation and the huge demand for service," he said.

"We're really asking the politicians to think about the issue: 'If you spend
money now on education, care and research, you'll save money later.' "


LOAD-DATE: October 6, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1992 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             502 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Copyright (c) 1990 Michigan Law Review
                              Michigan Law Review

                                   May, 1990

                              Michigan Law Review

                             88 Mich. L. Rev. 1765

LENGTH: 4296 words

1990 SURVEY OF BOOKS RELATING TO THE LAW; V.  LAW AND SOCIETY: SHATTERED
MIRRORS: OUR SEARCH FOR IDENTITY AND COMMUNITY IN THE AIDS ERA.  By Monroe E.
Price.

Cambridge: Harvard University Press.  1989.  Pp. 159.  $ 19.95.

NAME: William J. Aseltyne

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  The alarms mark the time for taking a dose of AZT, the only drug currently
approved by the Food and Drug Administration to treat persons infected with the
human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), the virus that causes AIDS. ...  Since 1981,
when the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) first reported the opportunistic
infections that would come to characterize the acquired immune deficiency
syndrome, in the United States 121,645 cases of AIDS have been reported, and
72,578 individuals have died from AIDS-related causes; an additional one million
Americans are thought to be infected with HIV. ...  Even with media cooperation,
Price suggests that the government may be better positioned to broadcast a clear
and strong message detailing how changes in private behavior can impede the
spread of the AIDS epidemic (p. 39). ... Once the reader gets beyond such
trifling, Price returns to more solid ground with a discussion of the
consequences of government speech in the AIDS era (p. 53). ...  The reason,
Price maintains, is that AIDS is becoming less a disease of homosexual men and
"more and more a disease of the [urban poor]." ...  Price includes subheadings
on AIDS and racial minorities, drug users, and children, but he makes only one
brief mention of AIDS and gay men in the context of discrimination, and in that
passage he is overly sanguine. ...

TEXT:
 [*1765]  Alarms are beginning to sound across America.  The alarms mark the
time for taking a dose of AZT, the only drug currently approved by the Food and
Drug Administration to treat persons infected with the human immunodeficiency
virus (HIV), the virus that causes AIDS.  n1 The sound is a pointed reminder of
the extensive reach of the AIDS epidemic.  Since 1981, when the Centers for
Disease Control (CDC) first reported the opportunistic infections that would
come to characterize the acquired immune deficiency syndrome,  n2 in the United
States 121,645 cases of AIDS have been reported, and 72,578 individuals have
died from AIDS-related causes;  n3 an additional one million Americans are
thought to be infected with HIV.  n4

   An epidemic, however, is much more than statistics.  n5 Comprehending
[*1766]  the impact of an epidemic requires looking beneath the statistics at
the individuals whose lives are affected by the disease,  n6 and it requires
looking beyond the statistics to the "social construction" of the epidemic.
Social construction provides an epidemic with context; it gives form to the
societal response to the epidemic.  n7 The epidemic, in turn, will often "color
the mood" of the society in which it occurs.  n8

   On the cusp of the second decade of the AIDS epidemic, AIDS is at once a
biomedical, a cultural, and a political phenomenon, and it appears poised to
"color the mood" of, and perhaps even to reshape, American society.  This is the
premise of Monroe Price's book, Shattered Mirrors: The Search for Identity and
Community in the AIDS Era.  n9 Price, at the outset of his book, describes AIDS
as "a faultline beneath our institutions, threatening to undermine much that we
have taken for granted about the pillars of our culture" (p. 1).  No doubt, some
readers will reject this description, and the premise of the book, on the basis
that it overstates the significance of AIDS; for these readers, the magnitude of
an epidemic is measured by statistics.  n10 However, most readers should find
Price's description to be apt, comporting with the descriptions offered by the
many others who believe that the AIDS epidemic will be a catalyst for enduring
social  [*1767]  change.  n11

   In Shattered Mirrors, Price sets out to explore how AIDS might reshape
American society by focusing on the three "cultural mirrors" that he believes
"have defined our relationships and ourselves since the 1960s" (p. 5): freedom
of expression; the idea of fairness and equal treatment under the law; and
societal confidence in science and technological progress.  Price divides his
book into three parts, discussing AIDS in the context of each of these cultural
mirrors.

   In Part 1, which comprises about half the book, Price discusses the role of
the entertainment media in shaping public attitudes, and he ponders the
consequences of governmental meddling or competition with the media.  Price
begins by avowing that there exists in society a strong nexus between sexual
expression and individual autonomy: "We assert sexual freedom virtually as a
badge of the openness and creativity of our society, as a fulfillment of some
unarticulated constitutional promise of individual autonomy" (p. 9).  Price
suggests that this "ideal of liberation," if not always reflected in actual
conduct, is imbedded in the consciousness of society (pp. 9-10).  Although Price
does not immediately explain the origin of this ideal,  n12 he maintains that
the media, the "gatekeepers and image makers of the culture," have advanced it
significantly (pp. 10-11).

   Price then examines how this ideal will fare in the AIDS era when "[s]exual
autonomy is . . . transformed from a sign of individual freedom into a source of
potential death."  n13 Price focuses on each medium separately -- movies ("The
Balcony as Classroom"), music ("A Language All Their Own"), television
("Primetime Tutor"), and advertising ("The Haiku of Desire").  The reader who is
unaware that Price has some expertise in the field of entertainment law  n14
might question his foray into media criticism.  n15 However, Price has assembled
[*1768]  a variety of anecdotes that seem to support his observation that the
media are trying to conform their sexual imagery to the AIDS era.  n16
Unfortunately, Price offers no empirical data to support his observation;  n17
thus, it is difficult to know the extent to which the media have in fact updated
their imagery.

   The pace of change is important, Price writes, because if the media exhibit a
reluctance to self-regulate, then "[m]ore likely than censorship -- and in fact
already underway -- is a direct effort by the government to affect the way the
public thinks about AIDS by delivering powerful messages of its own, in its own
voice" (p. 38).  Even with media cooperation, Price suggests that the government
may be better positioned to broadcast a clear and strong message detailing how
changes in private behavior can impede the spread of the AIDS epidemic (p. 39).
The federal government spent more than 100 million dollars in fiscal year 1989
to educate the public about AIDS, primarily by informing the public how to
adjust behaviors to avoid exposure to HIV.  n18 According to Price, such
extensive government speech will alter society's understanding of the first
amendment guarantee of free expression (pp. 39-40).

   Before elaborating on this point, however, Price makes a somewhat perplexing
diversion that undermines an otherwise thoughtful discussion.  Price states that
government social programs, particularly education, must account for two
Americas: one, the "romantic and idealized America, the America of the father
and the mother and two or three children," and the other, "the statistical
America . . . where parents, for a complex of reasons, have abdicated the role
of moral tutor or feel that their role has been usurped by influences beyond
their control" (p. 42).  Price adds that he and his wife and their three
children are a part of the first America (p. 43).  The reason Price feels
compelled to share this with the reader is not clear.  Price goes on to  [*1769]
decry that "the ratio of pictures to words in [children's] books seems to have
increased geometrically over the years" (p. 44).  He complains that modern
children's books lack moral lessons, and he misses "moralistic [television]
series such as Lassie and The Ozzie and Harriet Show" (p. 45).  The point Price
seems to want to make is that society no longer transfers values from one
generation to the next in the manner that it once did.  Instead, he appears only
to be nostalgic for an idyllic past that perhaps never was.  n19

   Once the reader gets beyond such trifling, Price returns to more solid ground
with a discussion of the consequences of government speech in the AIDS era (p.
53).  In this context, concerns about government speech  n20 are compounded
because AIDS education necessarily implicates moral values.  In the United
States, HIV is transmitted most commonly through sexual intercourse between men
and through the sharing of needles and syringes used to inject illicit drugs,
n21 behaviors many people view as immoral.  n22 The danger is that this view of
morality will dictate the content of government speech regarding AIDS
prevention, making it less "realistic" and thus less effective.  n23

   Price cites the actions of Senator Jesse Helms as one of the "perils that can
ensue when government gets into the business of articulating values" (p. 58).
In 1988, Senator Helms sought to prevent publicly  [*1770]  funded AIDS
education from promoting or encouraging homosexuality.  n24 Helms' amendment
forced the CDC to monitor the content of AIDS education materials and to
establish statewide review bodies to ensure that federal money was not used to
describe explicitly high-risk sexual activities or to "eroticize" safer
behaviors.  n25 These restrictions undermined public health efforts to encourage
gay men to practice "safer sex." The result was a message that, although
carefully calculated not to offend, failed to address as effectively as it might
have the needs of those at greatest risk of becoming infected.  n26

   Although Senator Helms' actions are a convincing argument against too great a
role for government in AIDS education, there does not appear to be a viable
alternative.  One possibility raised by Price is that organized religion should
be encouraged "as part of a systematic program to influence the behavior of the
young" (p. 135).  However, Price does not adequately address the problems
attendant with this suggestion, particularly the difficulties posed by religious
teachings that disapprove of homosexuality or sex outside of marriage.  For
example, the National Conference of Catholic Bishops in 1989 issued a document
that read:

   Sexual intercourse is appropriate and morally good only when, in the context
of heterosexual marriage, it is a celebration of faithful love and is open to
new life.  The use of prophylactics to prevent the spread of HIV is technically
unreliable.  Moreover, advocating this approach means,in effect, promoting
behavior which is morally unacceptable.  n27
Such statements, whether made by government or religious organizations,
discourage sexual practices that have been shown to impede the spread of HIV;
thus, such statements should not be encouraged.

   Most commentators, rather than finding the government's message  [*1771]  too
powerful, have criticized the government's reluctance to speak out on AIDS and
its reliance on euphemism when it does speak.  n28 Moreover, historical
precedent supports a leading role for government on public health issues,
particularly sexually transmitted diseases, with media trailing behind.  n29
Thus, although Price's warnings about government speech regarding AIDS are well
taken, the government can play a salutary role.  Witness the respect garnered by
former Surgeon General C. Everett Koop; although a self-professed conservative,
he advanced an unvarnished message about HIV transmission as well as a plea for
compassion for persons with AIDS.  n30

   In Part 2 of Shattered Mirrors, Price discusses the idea of fairness and
equality under the law.  The chapter in this part entitled "Discrimination at
Society's Margin" is problematic from beginning to end.  Price mischaracterizes
some of the issues fundamental to understanding the implications of the AIDS
epidemic.  Price writes: "AIDS has been a plague of blame and fear.  It now
promises to be a plague of unfairness, indifference, and discrimination" (p.
64).  The reason, Price maintains, is that AIDS is becoming less a disease of
homosexual men and "more and more a disease of the [urban poor]."  n31 This
rationale implies that in the first decade of the epidemic persons with AIDS
were less likely to encounter unfairness, indifference, and discrimination.
Numerous accounts suggest otherwise.  n32

[*1772]

   Although Price is correct in noting that AIDS is increasingly a disease
associated with the urban poor,  n33 this does not justify ignoring, as Price
appears to, the fact that gay men still comprise the majority of persons with
AIDS.  n34 Price includes subheadings on AIDS and racial minorities, drug users,
and children,  n35 but he makes only one brief mention of AIDS and gay men in
the context of discrimination, and in that passage he is overly sanguine.  Price
writes, "Much of the political energy spent in the period since 1950 has been to
discredit and reduce or eliminate discrimination in the workplace -- against
people of color, against Jews, against women, against the elderly, against gays
and lesbians" (p. 75).  As a children's game might ask, "[W]hat's wrong with
this picture?" Laws prohibiting employment discrimination based on race,
religion, gender, and age have been enacted by legislatures and upheld by
courts.  On the other hand, few laws prohibit employment discrimination on the
basis of sexual orientation.  n36

    [*1773]  Price also misconstrues other issues.  Distinguishing AIDS
transmitted sexually between two men, from AIDS transmitted via the sharing of
needles, Price writes that sex "was considered to be a celebration of self by
many of those within the [homosexual] culture.  No similar statement can be made
about the use of intravenous drugs . . ." (p. 66).  This contradicts what some
commentators have said about the use of intravenous drugs and the sharing of
injection equipment which may involve special bonds among IV drug users.  n37

   Price next examines "The Vocabulary of Concern." Price discusses the role of
language in shaping the societal response to the AIDS epidemic: "Control the
language and society's sense of what is fair follows" (p. 81).  One of the
metaphors Price discusses is the war metaphor, which is frequently invoked to
describe efforts to impede the AIDS epidemic.  n38 Price expresses concern about
how the use of this metaphor has sometimes translated into public policy; he
warns that "in times of war . . . the actions of government become clothed with
an unusual inviolability."  n39 Price cites as an example the harshly criticized
decision of the U.S. Supreme Court in Korematsu v. United States, which upheld a
military order that excluded persons of Japanese ancestry from designated parts
of the West Coast.  n40 Nevertheless, the war metaphor is difficult to avoid.
n41

   In Part 3, Price writes of the societal dependence on technological
innovation and the "crisis of confidence" that results when a problem  [*1774]
fails to yield to a ready technological solution.  AIDS poses a modern crisis of
confidence because, despite rapid advances in biomedical research, a cure or
vaccine remains elusive.  Price notes that "[a]t present -- before the discovery
of a magic-bullet cure -- AIDS has reintroduced the idea that personal acts have
social consequences."  n42 About that, Price may be correct, but the conclusions
that he implicitly draws are troublesome.

   Price writes, "[C]onsensual sexual intercourse, primarily unprotected anal
intercourse, . . . turned out to yield social consequences of the greatest
magnitude" (p. 104).  Price then posits that if medical science cannot save
society from AIDS, perhaps the government should.  Unfortunately, it's not clear
what Price means by this -- one interpretation might be that Price is advocating
the criminalization of certainsexual behaviors.  n43 Perhaps a less severe
interpretation is that Price is advocating monogamy.  This latter interpretation
is suggested by what Price writes later in his book: "AIDS becomes a
legitimator, sometimes explicitly, sometimes implicitly, for monogamy,
constancy, and predictability.  It reinstates emotional obstacles to the
abrogation of intimate relationships by increasing the cost of achieving new
ones" (p. 126).  Here, Price misses the mark.  He confuses intimacy with sex,
and he fails to account for sexual practices that pose no threat to the
transmission of HIV.  n44

   Nevertheless, Price is probably right that "[a]n abiding legacy of the AIDS
epidemic in America will be its effect on the relationship between the
individual and the community" (p. 119).  The challenge posed by the epidemic is
to forge policy and law that impede the spread of HIV while treating with
compassion and dignity those who are already infected.  Price concludes that the
challenge of confronting AIDS demands clear-sightedness and leadership.  n45 And
he calls on all  [*1775]  individuals to respond to the challenge.

   In Shattered Mirrors, Price has a book that is both accessible and thought
provoking.  Price makes a persuasive argument that the AIDS epidemic is changing
the relationships that individuals have with one another and with government.
However, Price occasionally mischaracterizes issues fundamental to understanding
the social significance of the epidemic.  And Price decidedly underemphasizes
the extent to which the epidemic has affected the gay community.  Perhaps Price
has sacrificed a bit of accuracy in an effort to convince the reader that AIDS
confronts all members of society and not merely certain groups.  Unfortunately,
the inaccuracies may make the reader more skeptical of Price's otherwise sound
thesis.

   In addition, Shattered Mirrors is not as forceful a book as it could be.
Although Price is generally adept at framing the issues posed by the AIDS
epidemic, his book breaks little new ground.  However, if the book's temperance
enables the material to reach new audiences, then the book has served a purpose.
Shattered Mirrors conveys the urgency with which all of society must respond to
AIDS.  Across America, alarms are beginning to sound.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Labor & Employment LawDiscriminationGender & Sex DiscriminationCoverage &
DefinitionsSexual OrientationLabor & Employment LawDiscriminationReligious
DiscriminationFederal & State InterrelationshipsPublic Health & Welfare
LawHealthcareCommunicable Diseases

FOOTNOTES:




n1  AIDS, the acquired immune deficiency syndrome, is characterized by
opportunistic infections that are unlikely to appear in healthy individuals
whose immune systems function normally.  AIDS is the last phase of a spectrum of
infection with HIV.  "HIV causes a predictable, progressive derangement of
immune function, and AIDS is just one, late manifestation of that process."
Redfield & Burke, HIV Infection: The Clinical Picture, 259 SCI. AM. 90 (1988);
see also INSTITUTE OF MEDICINE, NATIONAL ACADEMY OF SCIENCES, CONFRONTING AIDS:
UPDATE 1988, 36-38 (describing the stages of HIV infection) [hereinafter
CONFRONTING AIDS 1988 UPDATE].

   AZT, or zidovudine, is recommended both for individuals who exhibit symptoms
of AIDS and for individuals who are infected with HIV and have impaired immune
systems but who are otherwise asymptomatic.  See U.S. Urges Wider Use of AZT for
Adults with AIDS Virus, N.Y. Times, Mar. 3, 1990, at 10, col. 5; Hilt, Drug Said
to Help AIDS Cases With Virus but No Symptoms, N.Y. Times, Aug. 18, 1989, at A1,
col. 1.  AZT treats the underlying HIV infection; other treatments have been
approved for the treatment of particular opportunistic infections associated
with HIV disease -- for example, aerosolized pentamidine is used to prevent or
to treat Pneumocystis Carinii pneumonia, the most common cause of death in
persons with AIDS.  See Gostin, Preface to AIDS AND THE HEALTH CARE SYSTEM 6-7
(1990).




n2  The first CDC report is foreboding:

   In the period October 1980-May 1981, 5 young men, all active homosexuals,
were treated for biopsy-confirmed Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia at 3 different
hospitals in Los Angeles, California.  Two of the patients died.

   * * *

   Editorial Note: Pneumocystis pneumonia in the United States is almost
exclusively limited to severely immunosuppressed patients.  The occurrence of
pneumocystosis in these 5 previously healthy individuals without a clinically
apparent underlying immunodeficiency is unusual.
Centers for Disease Control, 30 MORBIDITY AND MORTALITY WEEKLY REP. 250 (June 5,
1981) (footnote omitted).




n3  CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL, HIV/AIDS SURVEILLANCE 5, 13 (Feb. 1990) (cases
reported through January 1990).




n4  CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL, HIV Prevalence, Projected AIDS Case Estimates:
Workshop, October 31-November 1, 1989, 263 J.A.M.A. 1477 (1990).




n5  That is not to say that statistics are unimportant.  Tracking the course of
the epidemic is necessary to meet health care needs and to target public health
prevention and education programs.  See E. NICHOLS, MOBILIZING AGAINST AIDS 22
(rev. ed. 1989) (noting importance of HIV prevalence statistics for state and
local planning); Projecting the Incidence of AIDS, 263 J.A.M.A. 1536 (1990)
(editorial) (describing projections of prevalence as "crucial" to controlling
epidemic's spread); Morgan, Curran & Berkelman, The Future Course of AIDS in the
United States, 263 J.A.M.A. 1539, 1539 (editorial) (Projections of the future
course of the epidemic "influence the scope and direction of both public and
private initiatives related to HIV.").

   The political significance of statistics is reflected by the protests that
erupted two years ago when the New York City Health Commissioner decreased by
fifty percent the estimate of the number of New Yorkers infected with HIV.  See
Lambert, AIDS Count: Is the Quest for Precision on the Right Track?, N.Y. Times,
July 24, 1988, § 4 (The Week in Review), at 6, col. 1.




n6  The NAMES Project Quilt provides an emotionally moving tribute to thousands
of individuals who have died from AIDS.  See Weinstein, Names Carried into the
Future: An AIDS Quilt Unfolds, VILLAGE VOICE, June 21, 1988, at 19.




n7  See Gilman, AIDS and Syphilis: The Iconography of Disease, in AIDS: CULTURAL
ANALYSIS, CULTURAL ACTIVISM 87-88 (D. Crimp ed. 1988) ("It is vital that we
understand [the] social construction of AIDS because it has directly affected
the lives of so many.  People have been stigmatized (and destroyed) as much by
the 'idea' of AIDS as by its reality."); Brandt, AIDS and Metaphors: Toward the
Social Meaning of Epidemic Disease, 55 SOC. RES. 413, 414-15 (1988) ("Social
values affect both the way we come to see and understand a particular disease
and the interventions we undertake.  In this view, disease is 'socially
constructed.'"); see also Adam, The State, Public Policy, and AIDS Discourse, 13
CONTEMP. CRISES 1, 1 (1989) ("AIDS is something of a 'pure case' in the social
construction of disease, having arrived as an unknown and unanticipated
phenomenon . . . into a highly developed political and ideological arena which
gave it meaning and a 'place' on the historical stage.").




n8  Goldstein, Visitation Rites: The Elusive Tradition of Plague Lit, VILLAGE
VOICE, Oct. 1987, literary supp., at 6 (quoting R. DUBOS & J. DUBOS, THE WHITE
PLAGUE (1952)).




n9  Price is the Dean of the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law at Yeshiva
University in New York City.




n10  See Sincere, Can Our Civil Rights Survive AIDS?, Wash. Times, Sept. 25,
1989, at D9, col. 5 (reviewing Shattered Mirrors) (describing Price's assumption
regarding the pervasiveness of AIDS as faulty); cf. M. FUMENTO, THE MYTH OF
HETEROSEXUAL AIDS (1990) (criticizing the media for exaggerating the spread of
AIDS among heterosexuals in the United States).




n11  See, e.g., R. BAYER, PRIVATE ACTS, SOCIAL CONSEQUENCES: AIDS AND THE
POLITICS OF PUBLIC HEALTH (1989); THE SOCIAL IMPACT OF AIDS (R. Berk ed. 1988);
Living with AIDS, 118 DAEDALUS (1989).




n12  Later, he suggests a possible explanation for the development of the ideal:
In the area of sexual behavior, the discovery of the effect of penicillin on
syphilis and the invention of the birth control pill probably had more to do
with changes in our attitudes toward permissible sexual conduct than all the
social movements, advertising campaigns, and religious reforms combined.
P. 103.




n13  P. 10.  By suggesting that "sex = death," Price is engaging in a bit of
hyperbole.  Although it is true that HIV is transmitted by certain sexual
behaviors, such as unprotected anal intercourse, other sexual behaviors are
safer.  See also infra note 44.




n14  Price previously has spoken out against the colorization of black and white
films.  In 1988, he testified before a subcommittee in the U.S. House of
Representatives in support of a House bill that would have restricted film
colorization.  See Yarrow, Debate Heats Up on Coloring Films, N.Y. Times, June
22, 1988, at C26, col. 1; see also Price, Now Playing: Colorization Bill, NATL.
L.J., July 18, 1988, at 13 (op. ed.).




n15  The reader might find that Price's critiques tend to cast more weight than
their subjects can bear.  For example, he describes the movie Casual Sex? as
both a "fluff of a movie" and "coquettish and clumsily didactic." P. 17.




n16  See, e.g., p. 17 (discussing decision by producers to add question mark to
the movie Casual Sex?); p. 21 ("Janet Jackson urges, 'Let's wait awhile, before
we go too far'. . . .").  However, Price also notes that "updating" has not come
easily.

   The clumsy difficulty of [television] serving as a mirror of the society and
a moral tutor at a time of change is illustrated by the programming of CBS one
summer evening in 1987.  To much fanfare, the network showed An Enemy Among Us,
a program about a young middle-class boy who tested AIDS-positive as a result of
receiving a blood transfusion several years before.  It was state-of-the-art
AIDS instruction, with Gladys Knight delivering a lecture to a classroom of
students about the need to postpone sexual relations.  "The free-wheeling days
of the 60s and 70s are over," she said.  This brave attempt to chasten America's
youth was followed by the fifth annual Miss Teen American Contest, featuring as
role models, the cheerleaders of the Dallas Cowboys, along with fifty-one
contestants singing a sultry version of "I Wonder Who's Hot Tonight."
P.26.




n17  Others have collected empirical data on sexual imagery and the media.  For
a discussion of AIDS and the news media, see J. KINSELLA, COVERING THE PLAGUE:
AIDS AND THE AMERICAN MEDIA (1989).




n18  See Boruch, Coates, Coyle, Davis, Hubbard, Martin & Turner, Evaluating HIV
Testing and Counseling Projects, in EVALUATING AIDS PREVENTION PROGRAMS 98
(1989).




n19  In the words of Machiavelli: "Men always, but not always with good reason,
praise bygone days and criticize the present." MACHIAVELLI, THE DISCOURSES 265
(B. Crick ed. 1970).




n20  See generally Shiffrin, Government Speech, 27 UCLA L. REV. 565 (1980)
(discussing the application of the first amendment to government speech); Note,
The Voice of Government as an Abridgement of First Amendment Rights of Speakers:
Rethinking Meese v. Keene, 1989 DUKE L.J. 654 (noting that analysis of first
amendment and government speech differs from analysis of individual expression).




n21  In the United States, sexual intercourse between two men accounts for more
than half of all AIDS cases, and intravenous drug use accounts for one quarter
of all cases.  However, worldwide, HIV is most commonly transmitted through
heterosexual vaginal intercourse.  Other modes of transmission include
transfusion of contaminated blood or blood products, transplantation of infected
organs, and transmission from infected mother to newborn child.  See CONFRONTING
AIDS: UPDATE 1988, supra note 1, at 3.




n22  See, e.g., Blendon & Donelan, AIDS and Discrimination: Public and
Professional Perspectives, in AIDS AND THE HEALTH CARE SYSTEM 79 (L. Gostin ed.
1990) ("One in four or five Americans candidly admit they feel no sympathy for
those who have contracted AIDS as a result of homosexual activity (18%) or as a
result of sharing needles while using drugs (23%)."); NATL. CONF. OF CATHOLIC
BISHOPS, CALLED TO COMPASSION AND RESPONSIBILITY: A RESPONSE TO THE HIV/AIDS
CRISIS 17 (1989) (reiterating "the Church's constant teaching regarding the
intrinsic immorality of homosexual activity").




n23  Information must be delivered in a manner that is comprehensible and
relevant to the audience it is intended to reach.  Clearly, this requirement
will entail providing written and spoken messages in the different languages and
idioms of the various ethnic, racial, social, age, and sexual orientation groups
that make up the national population. . . .

   There is also a need in AIDS education for frank exchange that allows no
misunderstanding.  Clear, explicit language is required; yet its use in AIDS
education continues to be impeded by the pervasive American reticence about
discussing sexual behavior. . . .
NATIONAL RESEARCH COUNCIL, AIDS: SEXUAL BEHAVIOR AND INTRAVENOUS DRUG USE 263
(1989).




n24  P. 58.  See 133 CONG. REC. S14202 (daily ed. Oct. 14, 1987) (statement of
Sen. Helms regarding his amendment); see also R. BAYER, supra note 11, at 218
(discussing the Helms amendment).




n25 " The Helms amendment became, instantly, a monument to the constraining hand
of government." P. 58.  For a discussion of explicit education programs and the
impact of the Helms amendment, see Crimp, How to Have Promiscuity in an
Epidemic, in AIDS: CULTURAL ANALYSIS, CULTURAL ACTIVISM 255-71 (D. Crimp ed.
1988).




n26  See supra note 23 and accompanying text; see also R. BAYER, supra note 11,
at 218 ("Whatever the ultimate impact of the [Helms'] amendment, its passage
underscored the persistence of an antagonism to homosexuality that would, on
practical as well as symbolic levels, hinder the American struggle against AIDS.
").




n27  NATL. CONF. OF CATHOLIC BISHOPS, supra note 22, at 19 (footnote omitted).
The Catholic Church has not been the only religious institution to express
opposition to homosexuality.  In 1987, the Reverend Jerry Falwell, leader of the
now defunct Moral Majority and host of the Old Time Gospel Hour, wrote, "'AIDS
is a lethal judgment of God on America for endorsing th[e] vulgar, perverted and
reprobate [homosexual] lifestyle.'" Falwell, AIDS: The Judgment of God, LIBERTY
REP., Apr. 1987, at 5 (quoted in E. SHELP & R. SUTHERLAND, AIDS AND THE CHURCH
23 (1987)).

   To be sure, not all individual members of these institutions, and not all
religious institutions, have responded to AIDS in this manner.  Many of the most
devoted caregivers and advocates for people with AIDS have been affiliated with
organized religion.  See E. SHELP & R. SUTHERLAND, supra (providing examples of,
and calling for, a compassionate response to AIDS).




n28  See, e.g., R. SHILTS, AND THE BAND PLAYED ON (1987) (criticizing the lack
of strong federal leadership); Crimp, AIDS: Cultural Analysis/Cultural Activism,
in AIDS: CULTURAL ANALYSIS, CULTURAL ACTIVISM, supra note 25; see also Banks,
AIDS and Government: A Plan of Action?, 87 MICH. L. REV. 1321, 1333-34 (1989)
(reviewing REPORT OF THE PRESIDENTIAL COMMISSION ON THE HUMAN IMMUNODEFICIENCY
VIRUS EPIDEMIC (1988) and noting criticisms of the federal government's response
that were deleted from Commission's final report).

   Over 21,000 Americans had died from AIDS before former President Ronald
Reagan ever spoke of AIDS publicly.  Harper's Index to the 1980s, HARPER'S MAG.,
Jan. 1990, at 41 (listing as its sources the Centers for Disease Control in
Atlanta and Gay Men's Health Crisis in New York City).  Price mentions the lack
of strong government leadership.  P. 134.




n29  See A. BRANDT, NO MAGIC BULLET 122 (1985).

   In November 1934 the Columbia Broadcast Company scheduled a radio address by
New York State Health Commissioner Thomas Parran, Jr., on future goals in the
area of public health. . . .  [T]he talk was never delivered.  Moments before
air-time, CBS informed him that he could not mention syphilis and gonorrhea by
name; in response to this decision, Parran refused to go on. . . .  Parran,
reacting angrily to being censored, pointed out the hypocrisy in the standards
for radio broadcasting.  In a press release issued by his office the next day,
he commented that his speech should have been considered more acceptable than
"the veiled obscenity permitted by Columbia in the vaudeville acts of some of
their commercial programs."
Id. (footnote omitted).




n30  See CONFRONTING AIDS: UPDATE 1988, supra note 1, at 24 (commending the
"superb leadership" of Surgeon General C. Everett Koop); R. BAYER, supra note
11, at 215 ("In direct, unadorned language Koop warned Americans both homosexual
and heterosexual about the risks of AIDS. . . .  A similar boldness
characterized Koop's discussion of intravenous drug [use] and AIDS.").




n31  Price makes the "changing face of AIDS" statement at least two times.  See
pp. 2, 65.




n32 " There is little doubt that for some people the AIDS crisis lends force to
their fear and hatred of gays; AIDS appears, for example, to be a significant
factor in the increasing violence against them, and other homophobic acts in the
U.S." Treichler, AIDS, Homophobia, and Biomedical Discourse: An Epidemic of
Signification, in AIDS: CULTURAL ANALYSIS, CULTURAL ACTIVISM, supra note 25, at
65.  In 1988, Admiral Watkins, who chaired the President's Commission on AIDS,
called discrimination "'the most significant obstacle to progress' against the
epidemic." Blendon & Donelan, Discrimination Against People with AIDS, 319 NEW
ENG. J. MED. 1022, 1022 (1988) (footnote omitted) (reviewing polling data
related to public attitudes and misperceptions about AIDS); see also Blendon &
Donelan, supra note 22 (updating their 1988 article).




n33  See, e.g., Altman, Who's Stricken and How: AIDS Pattern is Shifting, N.Y.
Times, Feb. 5, 1989, at A1, Col. 1 ("Once overwhelmingly an affliction of
homosexual men, [AIDS] is more and more becoming a disease of poor, black and
Hispanic heterosexuals in the inner city.").




n34  Despite the "changing face of the epidemic," gay and bisexual men also
continue to comprise the majority of new AIDS cases, in addition to the
cumulative total.  "During 1989, 57 percent of all AIDS cases were among
homosexual/bisexual men not using intravenous drugs; 23 percent were
heterosexual male or female [IV-drug users]; and 4 percent were sexual partners
or children of [IV-drug users] or their partners." INSTITUTE FOR HEALTH POLICY
STUDIES, HIV DISEASE: HEALTH CARE AND POLICY ISSUES 15 (draft Feb. 7, 1990)
(copy on file with Michigan Law Review).

   The tendency to deemphasize the impact of AIDS on gay men was evidenced in
the first major presidential speech on AIDS delivered by President George Bush
in March 1990; in a speech of almost 2000 words, the word "gay" or "homosexual"
did not appear once.  Remarks of President Bush to the National Leadership
Coalition on AIDS, Mar.29, 1990 (text of speech reported by the Federal
Information Systems Corp., available on Nexis).  The news media also tend to
overlook gay men in their reporting of the epidemic.  For example, when
President Bush visited children and adults with AIDS at the National Institutes
of Health in December 1989, most national newspapers reported only that Bush met
with children.  See Robinson, Bush Has Hugs, Sweets, Words of Concern for AIDS
Patients, Boston Globe, Dec. 23, 1989, at 7, col. 1 (mentioning visit with
adults but not stating that they were gay men); Bushes Visit Children with AIDS
in Wards, N.Y. Times, Dec. 23, 1989, at 32, col. 5 (reporting only visit with
children).  But see Stewart, President Visits AIDS Patients in U.S. Clinic, L.A.
Times, Dec. 23, 1989, at A28, col. 1 ("The fact that Bush met . . . with gay men
suffering from AIDS was hailed by the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force as the
first time that the Administration had openly acknowledged that AIDS 'has a
particular impact on the gay community and gay people.'").




n35  Children under the age of 13 comprise less than two percent of all AIDS
cases.  See CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL, supra note 3, at 13 (cumulative totals
through Jan. 1990).




n36  See Developments in the Law -- Sexual Orientation and the Law, 102 HARV. L.
REV. 1508, 1667 (1989).

   Unfortunately, very little legislation protects gay men and lesbians in the
private sector.  No federal statute bars discrimination by private citizens or
organizations on the basis of sexual orientation.  Nor do the states provide
such protection: only Wisconsin has a comprehensive statute barring such
discrimination in employment.  Moreover, few state courts have interpreted state
civil rights statutes to bar discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation.
Id. (footnotes omitted).




n37  See, e.g., Stryker, IV Drug Use and AIDS: Public Policy and Dirty Needles,
14 J. HEALTH, POL., POLY. & L. 719, 721 (1989) ("The social bond forged during
initiation into drug injection is an important aspect of needle sharing.
Sharing within 'friendship groups' has been reported by a number of
ethnographers."); Des Jarlais, Friedman & Strug, AIDS and Needle Sharing Within
the IV-Drug Using Subculture, in THE SOCIAL DIMENSIONS OF AIDS (D. A. Feldman &
T. M. Johnson ed. 1986) ("The sharing of [equipment] symbolizes a wide range of
positive relationships among IV-drug users, from the romantic initiation, to the
social bonding of running buddies, to the practical mutual advantages for a user
and a [shooting] gallery owner.").  But see Morgan, Inside a "Shooting Gallery":
New Front in the AIDS War, N.Y. Times, Feb. 5, 1988, at B1, col. 2 (quoting an
IV-drug user as saying, "'This talk about addicts liking to share needles is a
lie.. . .  The only reason you would use another person's needles is because you
have no money to buy them, your own are clogged up or you are too sick to
care.'").




n38  P. 81.  The war metaphor is doing double duty these days, referring also to
the government's "war on drugs." See, e.g., Remarks on Signing the Drug Abuse
Resistance Education Day Proclamation, 25 WEEKLY COMP. PRES. DOC. 1358-60 (Sept.
13, 1989).  For a detailed discussion of the many metaphors that have been
invoked in response to AIDS, see S. SONTAG, AIDS AND ITS METAPHORS (1989).




n39  P. 82.  See S. SONTAG, supra note 38, at 94 (The military metaphor
"overmobilizes, it overdescribes, and it powerfully contributes to the
excommunicating and stigmatizing of the ill.").




n40  323 U.S. 214, 219 (1944). For a recent criticism of the Korematsu decision,
see P. IRONS, JUSTICE AT WAR (1983).




n41  Price himself alludes to the metaphor in the introduction to his book: "
AIDS is becoming internalized, as just another threatening fact of life, like
the possibility of . . . nuclear war." P. 4.




n42  P. 104.  The sentence conflates the book titles: NO MAGIC BULLET, supra
note 29, and PRIVATE ACTS, SOCIAL CONSEQUENCES, supra note 11.




n43  In almost half the states, same-sex acts between consenting adults are
already illegal.  See Developments in the Law -- Sexual Orientation and the Law,
supra note 36, at 1519.




n44 " It is not monogamy or abstention per se that protects one from AIDS
infection but practices and protections that prevent the virus from entering
one's bloodstream." Treichler, AIDS, Homophobia, and Biomedical Research: An
Epidemic of Signification, in AIDS: CULTURAL ANALYSIS, CULTURAL ACTIVISM, supra
note 25, at 49.




n45  Price lauds the efforts of two "heroes" of the epidemic.  P. 134.  Although
it may be somewhat inappropriate to single out a few individuals as heroes when
there are so many thousands who confront AIDS everyday, the efforts of
particular individuals do stand out.  However, both individuals whom Price names
are presumably seronegative.  This is akin to naming only whites as heroes of
the black civil rights movement of the 1960s.  There are many HIV-infected
individuals whose work might be called heroic.  For example, Cleve Jones,
founder of the NAMES Project Quilt that reminds those who view it that the
epidemic is more than statistics, see supra note 6; Belinda Mason, president of
the National Association of Persons with AIDS, who, although ill, travels to the
meetings of the National Commission of AIDS of which she is a member, and whose
spirit and humor inspire those around her, see Mason, Life on a Thin Wire, Wash.
Post, May 6, 1990, at B1, col. 1; and artist Keith Haring, who recently died
from AIDS, who used his talent to educate others about the epidemic, see Sheff,
Just Say Know, ROLLING STONE, Aug. 10, 1989, at 58 (interviewing Haring and
describing his work); Yarrow, Keith Haring, Artist, Dies at 31; Career Began in
Subway Graffiti, N.Y. Times, Mar. 17, 1990, at A13, col. 1.


                             503 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                              May 21, 2013 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Not your parents' technology

BYLINE: Alex Frazer-harrison, For The Calgary Herald

SECTION: SPECIAL SECTION; Pg. C9

LENGTH: 609 words


Today's hearing aids are a far cry from the "tin ears" of yesteryear.

Where once users were identified by the bulky, radio-like devices sported over
one or both ears, today's hearing aids are smaller, more efficient, and some
even come with bells and whistles similar to what you might find on a
smart-phone.

"One of the biggest advancements in the last two decades is they've become
digital," says Nikki Kirkham, registered hearing aid practitioner with Kirkham
Hearing Solutions.

With the move away from analogue, she says, "digital hearing aids can (work
with) specific frequencies and bands and channels, so we can get the most-clear
sound as humanly possible. It's like how your TVs used to use bunny ears, and
now we have PVRs - the whole processing is different."

Increased flexibility is key to today's hearing aids, says Kirkham.

"Hearing aids come in a variety of prices, so the price will depend on what the
circuit is capable of doing," she adds.

"The higher end of the circuit, the better speech enhancement might have or
noise reduction."

Today's hearing aids are also more "hassle-free" than devices of old, says Dr.
Sarah Blenkhorn, doctor of audiology and head of audiology at Apex Hearing
Systems.

"I look back to when my grandfather wore hearing aids, and he was always
adjusting the volume and pushing buttons," she says.

"These days, you should not have to push a lot of buttons, though you have the
flexibility to do so if needed."

Some hearing aid models even have the ability to connect wirelessly to Bluetooth
devices or other accessories.

"You could have the benefit of walking down the street, your cell-phone rings,
and you can keep the phone in your bag and hear the call in two ears," says
Blenkhorn.

Hearing aids today also offer a broader range of frequencies and work with "more
speech and environmental cues" to improve sound, says Blenkhorn, though she and
Kirkham stress that no hearing aid is capable of 100 per cent hearing
restoration.

"Hearing aids do a far better job of processing speech and noise and the hearing
aid can separate those two sounds," says Kirkham.

"With the wireless (capability), hearing aids can 'talk' to each other, so if
there's noise on the left hearing aid, but speech in the right, the left can
reduce the amount of noise.

"Manufacturers have grown a lot in creating hearing aids, finding placements for
microphones and receivers and working with the natural acoustics of the ear to
learn how it collects sound coming into the hearing aid."

Some manufacturers even offer apps that allow users to control their hearing
aids.

Advances in miniaturization have led to some hearing aid models that are small
enough to fit inside the ear itself.

These are IIC (invisible in the canal) and CIC (completely in canal) hearing
aids.

Yet not everyone can use IIC-or CIC-style aids as the ear has to be a suitable
size, says Blenkhorn.

Some customers still prefer hearing aids that have a transceiver outside the ear
and a little, virtually invisible wire leading into the ear.

"It has a more natural sound quality," says Blenkhorn.

Blenkhorn often sees people using hearing aids in a way that couldn't have been
imagined 10 years ago.

"I saw a young person at the gym who had a remote that could send music to her
hearing aid," she notes.

"Research has shown that the more uses people have for something, the more
satisfied they are ... things like listening to music, things your friends
without hearing loss can do that you can, too."

Blenkhorn and Kirkham note that, regardless of the technology, it takes time for
users to become accustomed to their hearing aids, and a period of tweaking and
adjustment can be expected.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Calgary Herald File; New technology is making today's hearing aids more
discreet and effective, say experts.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2013 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             504 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                           August 16, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

AIDS still a threat

BYLINE: Janet Bagnall, The Montreal Gazette

SECTION: VIEWPOINTS; Janet Bagnall; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 765  words

DATELINE: MONTREAL


MONTREAL -- When then-prime minister Brian Mulroney opened Canada's first
international AIDS conference in 1989, AIDS was a terrifying, deadly scourge. In
Canada, dying AIDS patients had their food trays left at the door to their
hospital rooms. People were afraid even to touch them. There was no cure.

On Sunday, the 16th International AIDS conference opened in Toronto, the third
of these conferences to be held in Canada.

Between 1989 and 2006, much has changed.

With the advent of antiretroviral therapies 10 years ago, AIDS has slipped off
the radar in North America. In a world that can afford expensive drug therapies,
HIV/AIDS is no longer a death sentence.

AIDS instead seems to have become a Third World illness. In impoverished Africa,
AIDS is sweeping through entire populations, destroying families, economies and
social structures.

In sub-Saharan Africa, home to barely 10 per cent of the world's population,
more than 1,000 people die every day of AIDS. That represents nearly four in
every five deaths from AIDS around the world. And 92 per cent of the children
orphaned by AIDS are in sub-Saharan Africa. It is an unsustainable burden for
such a fragile area.

Botswana, with just two million inhabitants, faces "extinction," its president
told a journalist recently. The journalist, Sue Armstrong, wrote that life
expectancy in Botswana had dropped 25 years to below 40 by the early 2000s. It
will drop further, to 30, within four years unless the AIDS epidemic is stopped.

Faced with the unthinkable, Botswana has mounted the largest publicly funded
HIV/AIDS treatment program in the world. It has undertaken to provide
antiretroviral drugs to all who need them.

Providing treatment to everyone who needs it anywhere in the world is precisely
the course of action required if the HIV/AIDS epidemic is to be brought under
control, according to a research model carried out by the British Columbia
Centre for Excellence in HIV/AIDS, published in the Lancet.

B.C. researchers said their mathematical model showed that providing anti-
retroviral therapy to every person in the world infected with HIV would stop the
epidemic within 50 years. The researchers proposed treating people who are
HIV-positive from the time of diagnosis rather than waiting until the person has
low CD4 cell counts. Low counts leave people open to infections of all kinds.
The total cost would be about $7 billion a year.

Could money on this scale ever be available to treat a single illness? If it is
made available, it will certainly be in part because of the international AIDS
conferences. The conferences have served to keep the world informed.

As many as 24,000 participants are expected to take part in the Toronto
conference, 10 times as many as attended the first conference in Atlanta in
1985.

Over the years, some participants have decided against attending these
conferences, not convinced that the science is worth the trip. Others worry that
donor fatigue will set in. Governments find other priorities. The urgency fades,
no matter how often Stephen Lewis, the UN special envoy on HIV/AIDS issues,
lectures "delinquent" Canadians.

Lewis flayed Canada for neglecting its promise of two years ago to supply
medicine to countries struggling with HIV/AIDS pandemic. The federal government
needs only to issue a licence for generic drugs, Lewis said this week. It hasn't
done that.

Here at home, the death rate from AIDS has fallen. In 1993, 1,564 Canadians died
from AIDS. In 2003, 440 died of AIDS. There are 58,000 people living with AIDS.
An alarming number, an estimated 15,000 don't even know they have HIV/AIDS.

North Americans are not taking AIDS seriously enough, warned Dr. Julio Montaner,
who is with the B.C. Centre for Excellence and is considered one of the world's
experts in AIDS.

In Canada, like everywhere else in the world, HIV/AIDS strikes people on the
margins, intravenous drug users, women forced into unprotected sex. Yet Canada
will spend less than $10 million on prevention, a sum experts say is inadequate.

Would we all know any of this if it were not for the international HIV/AIDS
conference? We could find out, if we wanted, but that's not the same thing as
not being able to avoid the information. That alone makes the conferences
worthwhile.

More than three million people around the world die of HIV/AIDS every year.

Tuberculosis claims two million a year and malaria more than one million.

We need more international conferences, not fewer. Cures and treatment for
tuberculosis and malaria should also be championed at world forums.

- Bagnall writes for the Montreal Gazette.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2006 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             505 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            February 27, 2017 Monday

Head Line: WIPO PUBLISHES PATENT OF WIDEX A/S TITLED AS "SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR
PERSONALIZING A HEARING AID"

LENGTH: 246 words

DATELINE: New York


GENEVA: Publication No. WO/2017/028876 was published on February 23, 2017 by
WIPO.

Title of the invention: SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR PERSONALIZING A HEARING AID

Applicants: WIDEX A/S [DK/DK]; Nymoellevej 6 DK-3540 Lynge (DK)


Inventors: WESTERGAARD, Anders; (DK). MARETTI, Niels Erik Boelskift; (DK)

According to the abstract published by the World Intellectual Property
Organization on its website: "A method of personalizing at least one hearing aid
for a hearing aid user comprises manufacturing at least one hearing aid (1),
receiving an audiogram from a server (37) for the hearing aid user, programming
the at least one hearing aid (1) by means of the audiogram, whereby the at least
one hearing aid (1) becomes personalized for the hearing aid user. Hereafter,
the at least one personalized hearing aid (1) is delivered to the hearing aid
user. Once the user has received the at least one personalized hearing aid (1),
he may take the hearing aids into use. If there arises a need for fine tuning,
the hearing aid user may request a consultation with a hearing healthcare
professional. The hearing healthcare professional has equipment (44, 45) for
fine tuning the hearing aid (1), and he may fine tuning the at least one
personalized hearing aid (1) in dialogue with the hearing aid user. The
invention further provides a hearing aid delivering system and an Internet
enabled personal communication device."

The patent was filed on 14.08.2015 under Application No. PCT/EP2015/068762


LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             506 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 28, 2015 Saturday

Financial Aid Counselor

LENGTH: 579  words

DATELINE: Lansing


National Association of Sales Professionals has issued the following job
announcement:


Financial Aid Counselor
Job ID:  22309043
Position Title:  Financial Aid Counselor
Company Name:  Northeast Ohio Medical University
Industry:  Financial Aid Administration
Job Function:  Counselor
Entry Level:  No
Location(s):  Rootstown, Ohio, 44272, United States

Posted:  February 27, 2015
Job Type:  Full-Time
Job Duration:  Indefinite
Min Education:  BA/BS/Undergraduate
Min Experience:  1-2 Years
Required Travel:  0-10%
Company:  Northeast Ohio Medical University
view full company profile
APPLY FOR THIS JOB
Apply URL:  https://neomed.peopleadmin.com/postings/949
Save Job  Email Job  Print Job  Apply For Job
Job Description

oAdvise prospective, admitted and continuing students in understanding the
financial aid process; communicate aid eligibility to students and strategies
for managing debt. Serve as initial point of contact for financial aid.
oProcess financial aid applications, conduct verification of all applicant
materials with supporting documentation for accuracy. Review student transcripts
to evaluate Satisfactory Academic Progress for student aid eligibility.
oMaintain working knowledge of federal, state and institutional aid programs,
regulations and guidelines and maintains the Financial Aid Policy and Procedures
Manual. Participate in professional development activities - attend financial
aid training and conferences to keep up with current financial aid regulations
and changes.
oAward financial aid funds university-wide using federal and institutional
methodology. Complete Return of Title IV calculations.
oCertify all student loan funds. Anticipate, research and assist in resolving
loan processing problems. Reconcile disbursement output to ensure accurate and
timely disbursement of all financial aid funds using the Banner System and COD
website.
oPlan, organize and execute financial literacy and scholarship resource fair
activities through flipped classroom and in-person workshops. oWork with
Enrollment Services team in joint recruitment and retention efforts, i.e. Open
Houses, Student Interview Days, Pre-Matriculation Workshops and other
activities. Participate with cross-training within the office to provide quality
customer service in Enrollment Service areas (Financial Aid, Registrar and
Admissions).
oPerform other duties as required to meet organizational needs and goals.
Job Requirements

Education/Degrees: BS/BA required

Qualifications:

oOne to two years' experience in a higher education financial aid office.
oExperience with Ellucian Banner, financial aid and billing module and extensive
computer experience with Microsoft Office Suite software preferred.
oWorking knowledge of Federal financial aid websites and software, including but
not limited to FAA Access to CPS Online, EdConnect, NSLDS and the COD Mainframe.

Key Skills and Personal Characteristics:

oExcellent written and oral communication skills/presentation skills.
oAbility to develop a high level of understanding of federal and state financial
aid regulations as well as financial aid policies and procedures.
oExcellent time management skills.
oDemonstrated commitment to provide excellent customer service.
oAbility to recognize, analyze and solve problems.
oAbility to work nights and weekends during peak seasons.
oAbility to maintain confidentiality of student data.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             507 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Himalayan Times

                             April 16, 2013 Tuesday

Foreign aid disbursement drops marginally

BYLINE: HIMALAYAN NEWS SERVICE

LENGTH: 503  words


KATHMANDU: Actual foreign aid disbursement dropped marginally to $1.04 billion
in the last fiscal year, from $1.07 billion a fiscal year back, according to a
report. However, the total commitment including technical assistance from
development partners had crossed $1.21 billion in fiscal year 2011-12.

Likewise, the priorities of the government and development partners also do not
match, the Development Cooperation Report 2011-12 published today revealed.

"The Three-Year Interim Plan focuses on infrastructure development, whereas aid
flow seems to have been shifted more to social sectors," said chief of Foreign
Aid Coordination Division at the finance ministry Madhu Marasini, adding that
aid flow has, however, shown a positive outcome on social indicators, and there
is a need to align the priorities of the government and development partners in
the future.

Sectorwise, education is the largest receiver of foreign aid, according to the
report that revealed that education had received $229.04 million foreign aid in
fiscal year 2011-12, followed by local development ($154.51 million), road
transportation ($116.73 million), electricity ($106.82 million) and health
($85.07 million).

But the challenge is that aid in health and agriculture is highly fragmented,
and aid in too many slices from too many donors will add high transaction cost
and make it difficult for partner countries to effectively manage development.
"On average, one donor has 11 line ministries or agencies," said Marasini,
adding that aid flow does not reach districts, where there are more poverty
headcounts as the donor support is less targeted in rural areas.

"The Central Development Region has the highest number of on-budget projects,
whereas Western Development Region has the lowest number of projects including
technical assistance," the report revealed, adding that off-budget aid
distribution stands at 23 per cent, whereas some 77 per cent aid flow is
on-budget. "The government has a long way to go to bring all aid money in the
red book," Marasini suggested, adding that full entry of aid information into
the Aid Management Platform is a key challenge that will not only bring aid into
the national system but also enhance mutual accountability. "The new Foreign Aid
Policy that will be a major policy departure will address these challenges."

The government has prepared a draft of the new Foreign Aid Policy that will be
discussed with development partners at the next consultative meeting, informed
finance minister Shankar Koirala, on the occasion. "The government is planning
not to accept off-budget aid," he said, adding that Auditor General has the
right to audit foreign aid too, which will make aid flow more transparent.

In the short run, the country needs foreign aid to finance development projects.
However, in the long run, the country should be able to mobilise internal
resources, he added. "Foreign aid has a key role in development but it will be
reduced and concentrated on selective areas in the long run."

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2013 Himalayan Times, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             508 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education

                           November 11, 2012  Sunday

In Financial Aid, a Director's Ideals Meet Economic Reality

BYLINE: Beckie Supiano

SECTION: STUDENTS; Administration

LENGTH: 1252  words

ABSTRACT

A financial-aid director's first year on the job proved to be a balancing act in
more ways than one.

FULL TEXT

The Chronicle's Head Count blog followed John Gudvangen through his first year
as a financial-aid director, at Wesleyan University, in a series called Newly
Minted. To wrap up, this article examines the challenges he has faced.

Financial-aid administration is not the most glamorous of higher-education
careers. But people in that field believe they play a crucial role in providing
access to college for students from across the income spectrum. Aid
administrators see helping students, especially those from low-income families,
as vital, deeply rewarding work.

Like many who are passionate about it, John Gudvangen relied on financial aid to
pay for his own education. After some 15 years working in the field, he became
the director of a financial-aid office last year. And he did so at Wesleyan
University, a place with the kind of policies that aid administrators tend to
admire.

Wesleyan gave almost no merit aid. That's what those in the field often prefer
because supporting needy students, they believe, is more important than
attracting top performers, who often have sufficient resources.

The university admitted its whole freshman class (except for international
students and transfers) without looking at applicants' ability to pay. And once
it selected students, it would meet whatever need they had-with limited loans,
to try to keep down their debt.

But this is a tough time for those ideals. Students are arriving on campus with
more financial need just as colleges are feeling pinched themselves. At
Wesleyan, worries about the aid budget had been developing for a long time, says
Nancy Hargrave Meislahn, dean of admission and financial aid, who is Mr.
Gudvangen's boss. The year before he arrived, the university had overspent its
aid budget. When you maintain need-blind admissions and meet students' full
need, that problem can be hard to prevent.

In May, in the midst of Mr. Gudvangen's first year, Wesleyan announced that it
would no longer admit its whole class on a need-blind basis. Instead, near the
end of the admissions process, the university would allow itself to consider
students' ability to pay, a policy known as need-aware admissions.

Mr. Gudvangen, who had come from need-aware Colorado College, had been glad
about moving to a university that was need-blind. But there's more to the
strength of an institution's financial aid, he says, than whether or not it
considers ability to pay in admissions. Colleges can be need-blind and not
support their students well.

"Take a need-blind school that is not particularly selective," he says. "They're
plenty happy to say that they are need-blind. Good for them. And they meet 50 or
70 percent of need." In other words, need-blind is a noble policy only when
coupled with meeting students' full need. Where, exactly, are students better
off?

Dropping need-blind was not the only decision Wesleyan could have made, as
Michael S. Roth, its president, has pointed out in blog posts about the change.
The university could have expected its students to take on more debt. Or it
could have sought out wealthier students without changing its nice-sounding
policies.

The university's move was controversial, and a vocal slice of students and
alumni are upset. Need sensitivity is not ideal, Mr. Roth has said, but it is a
lesser evil than not supporting adequately those students who do enroll.
Advocates of the policy say it can prevent a college from dangling an admissions
offer before a student who can't really afford to come.

Besides, Mr. Roth tells The Chronicle, Wesleyan is not alone. "It's clear to me
that the economic model in higher education has shifted," he says. "And it will
shift in different ways at different schools, depending on their resources."

Facing Trade-Offs

Indeed, over the past few years even some of the wealthiest colleges have had to
come to terms with their financial constraints. Some have rolled back generous
aid policies they had set in place only a short time before. Dartmouth College
and Williams College, for example, have scaled back their "no loan" financial-
aid policies.

Colleges face trade-offs. Worried about preserving access, many campus officials
are keeping one eye on families' resources. But the other has to be on their own
bottom line.

Financial aid is an important function. It allows colleges to attract students
who otherwise could or would not pay, and to shape a class in which wealth is
not a prerequisite. But that doesn't mean aid should be a college's main
expense.

"Schools are coming to grips with the fact their aid budgets are growing faster
than they can afford," says Rodney M. Oto, associate dean of admissions and
director of student financial services at Carleton College, which has been
need-aware for decades. "As they project into the future, if they don't put some
controls on that, it can eat into the core of what any college is trying to do:
offer a high-quality learning experience."

At a time when the value of a degree is a matter of public debate, colleges must
mind both sides of the equation: what students pay, and what they get for their
money.

Wesleyan's move will give it more control over how much net tuition revenue it
brings in. But predicting what any college, even a need-aware one, will spend on
aid is not an exact science.

That can put the aid director in a tough spot, Mr. Oto says. But he thinks that
Mr. Gudvangen, an old colleague and friend, can figure it out: "That's what
makes a good financial-aid person."

Wesleyan's shift will bring challenges to his office, Mr. Gudvangen knows. "We
have a different accountability," he says, "than we've ever had." Now that the
aid office has more control over its spending, it will probably be expected to
keep that spending in line.

But the move will also bring new opportunities. Need-aware admissions will give
Wesleyan more flexibility in how it defines and meets financial need. Mr.
Gudvangen can turn his attention to supporting the students the university will
in fact enroll. That means, he says, "being able to fully fund each student's
need without putting an undue burden on them because of budget pressures."

Better support, in turn, could help with the university's yield-the share of
admitted students who enroll.

Navigating Wesleyan's policy change, of course, is not the only task Mr.
Gudvangen is facing. He continues to learn the ropes of all of his other new
responsibilities: leading a staff, packaging aid awards, counseling students and
parents, working with leaders across the campus, keeping on top of regulations
and policies, and simply finding his way around the campus.

Over all, the work of a financial-aid director has grown only more challenging,
says Kelly O'Brien, director of financial aid at Trinity College, in
Connecticut. She has been in the job for 17 years. When she began, "money was
rolling," she says. "The college was doing well, as the country was." The high
cost of a college education was a concern then, she says, but nothing like
today.

As Mr. Gudvangen's career as an aid administrator moved to the next level, he
didn't quite know how his ideals would intersect with financial pressures. At
Wesleyan this past year, that tension has been notable. The work of balancing
the university's financial resources with students' financial need is tricky,
but an important part of the job. Mr. Gudvangen says he likes a challenge. He
appears to have found one.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Need-blind admissions policies, says John Gudvangen, director of
financial aid at Wesleyan U., are most helpful to students when a college can
meet their full need.
Avital Greener for The Chronicle
In Financial Aid, Ideals Meet a Tough Economic Reality 1

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2012 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved


                             509 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              New Vision (Kampala)

                            December 5, 2011 Monday

Leaders On the HIV/Aids Frontline World Aids Day Supplement

BYLINE: Elvis Basudde

LENGTH: 1181 words


Uganda's record over the past decades as a global leader in the fight against
HIV is undisputable. Uganda has come a long way in fighting this pandemic and
behind this success are several individuals and organisations that have played
unprecedented and selfless roles in different aspects against the disease. Last
year, Parliament commended 22 individuals and organisations for their
contribution to the fight HIV/AIDS. They include, President Yoweri Museveni and
his wife Janet, the late Philly Lutaaya, Prof. Francis Miiro, Dr. Sam Okware,
Beatrice Were and Noerine Kaleeba. Others are Dr. Mariam Duggan, Dr. Elly
Katabira, Dr. Anthony Lwegaba, late Dr. Lucille Teasdale, late Dr. Piero Corti
of Lacor Hospital in Gulu, Dr. Kihumuro Apuuli, late Bishop Misairi Kawuma and
Major Rubaramira Ruranga.

Institutions that were hailed include the US government, Rakai Health Science
Programme, Mildmay Centre, the AIDS Information Centre, Uganda Blood
Transmission Services, the STD/AIDS Control Programme, the AIDS Commission and
Kitovu Mobile Clinic.

President Museveni is the icon of the country's success against HIV

Those who know President Museveni's involvement in the fight against HIV/AIDS
describe him asthe icon of the country's successstory. His bold fight against
AIDS catapulted Uganda onto the international map and made him a senior global
consultant on HIV/AIDS prevention. As a result of his efforts, AIDS prevalence
reduced from above 30% in 1980 to 6.3% in 2002.

This was mainly because of his high level of political leadership. At the time
when most African countries were in denial about the epidemic, Uganda
courageously chose to confront the situation. Museveni was hailed as the African
leader most willing to speak openly about the disease.

"I approached it as a soldier. When there is a problem we just attack it
directly," he once said. It is said that the United Nations Programme on HIV/
AIDS (UNAIDS) based on Museveni's model and called on world leaders to take the
mantle. Museveni spoke openly about AIDS at every platform, increasing awareness
and reducing stigma attached to the disease. Soon, NGOs, community-based
organisations,

the private sector, religious leaders and a host of other players joined him in
the fight against the disease. In 1986, Museveni set up the AIDS Control
Programme in the health ministry. Soon, he realised that the consequences of the
epidemic went far beyond mere health issues and subsequently, the Uganda AIDS
Commission (UAC) was set up.

Out of her own painful experience of losing her husband to AIDS, and even though
she tested negative herself, Kaleeba came out with the truth about his illness
and mobilised her colleagues who were affected and infected by HIV/AIDS for
community action.

TASO was born in 1987, the first community response to AIDS in Africa. The
organisation has gained national and international reputation as a successful
model of care and support for people living and affected by HIV/AIDS. Based on
the concept of "Positive living," TASO has since reached a vast number of people
in Uganda alone, and its programmes have been adopted in many other countries.

Kaleeba has moved on to make her contribution at the international level as a
community mobiliser with UNAIDS. She has been awarded several international
awards in recognition of her anti-AIDS effort. Her book, "We Miss You All-AIDS
in the family," gives a touching account on HIV and how she came to be on the
global forefront on international AIDS awareness campaign.

A truly patriotic Ugandan, Lutaaya was a popular musician in 1989. At the peak
of his music career, Lutaaya shocked the world when he publicly declared his HIV
status. By doing so, he put a human face on AIDS, thus not only helping to raise
awareness about HIV/AIDS, but also reducing the stigma and encouraging more
people to declare their status. Lutaaya composed AIDS awareness songs and his
album, "Alone," became an AIDS anthem in Uganda.

The Philly Lutaaya Initiative was set up in 1991 in his memory to demonstrate
how PHAs can combat HIV related stigma and denial.

She is the voice of adolescents on HIV/AIDS and sexuality issues. In 1993, Cathy
pioneered the idea of talking openly about sensitive topics regarding
adolescence and HIV/AIDS.

Her idea was based on the notion that silence on sensitive topics only
frustrates interventions against HIV/AIDS. Cathy then started the Straight Talk
Foundation that published the Straight Talk paper which is distributed to
schools and inserted in the New Vision.

The newspaper is designed to encourage open dialogue among adolescents and
youth.

Currently the dean of the Faculty of Medicine at Makerere University, Sewankambo
was one of the first scientists in Africa to carry out research and write papers
on HIV/AIDS.

He was instrumental in establishing the Mulago based Infectious Disease
Institute which now treats over 14,000 AIDS patients free of charge and runs
short courses for doctors from all over Africa

on how to treat the disease. Sewankambo also leads a team of scientists who have
been carrying out research in Rakai since the 1990s to try and understand how
the epidemic behaves.

He has also played key roles in research on AIDS prevention including evaluation
of possible vaccines.

Currently the dean of the Faculty of Medicine at Makerere University, Sewankambo
was one of the first scientists in Africa to carry out research and write papers
on HIV/AIDS.

He was instrumental in establishing the Mulago based Infectious Disease
Institute which now treats over 14,000 AIDS patients free of charge and runs
short courses for doctors from all over Africa

on how to treat the disease. Sewankambo also leads a team of scientists who have
been carrying out research in Rakai since the 1990s to try and understand how
the epidemic behaves.

He has also played key roles in research on AIDS prevention including evaluation
of possible vaccines.

Byamugisha earned national and international respect in 1995 when he became the
first practicing priest in Africa to publicly declare his positive status.

Internationally, he is looked at as the leader in the field of faith-based
approach to the HIV/AIDS fight.

He has consistently advocated for the use of condoms as a preventive measure a
stand that some religious establishments oppose. Byamugisha, who tested HIV
positive in 1998, castigates the church

for criticising condom use and stigmatising Christians affected by the disease
by preaching that AIDS is a result of immoral behaviour.

Under his leadership, the Joint Clinical Research Centre (JCRC) was the first
institution to start distributing ARVs.

And even when they were too expensive for the ordinary person, Mugyenyi led a
revolution that brought the prices down by importing generic ARVs.

Mugyenyi, who has been the JCRC director since 1992, has received different
awards and has been at the forefront in planning, reviewing and executing
policies on HIV/AIDS.

Parliament passed a motion recognising him for his exemplary work in fighting
the scourge. He was honoured in Ireland for his outstanding work in fighting
HIV/AIDS.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             510 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Yemen Times

                                December 6, 2010

Awareness campaigns stepped up as AIDS cases climb

LENGTH: 783 words


SANA'A, Dec. 5 - The National AIDS Control and Sexually Transmitted Diseases
Program at the Ministry of Health will launch an AIDS awareness activity in
Hodeida this Wednesday in conjunction with World AIDS day 2010.

"We will carry out events in all of the 21 governorates to educate the public on
the dangers of AIDS and other sexually transmitted diseases," said Mohammed
Ahmed Jabal, awareness officer of the program.



As of September there had been 3,154 cases of AIDS registered with the Ministry
of Health this year, according to Jabal. Last year there were 2,882. This
represents a nine percent increase, despite new awareness activities.

Around 90 percent of AIDS cases were transmitted by sexual conduct, the
remaining ten percent are related to blood transmissions, according to the
national program.

There are currently five centres for counseling and AIDS treatment in Yemen. The
first two in Sana'a and Aden were established in 2007. The other three in Taiz,
Mukalla and Hodeida were established at the beginning of 2009.

The centres are equipped with trained staff, testing facilities and medicines,
funded by the World Health Organization and the United Nations Development
Program.

"We have 200 cases registered with us who are undergoing treatment, which is a
44 month course. Now with the new centers we have around 150 cases, while Sana'a
center has around 500 and around 100 or so spread across the other three
centers," said Dr. Naser Qasem Mohammed the coordinator at Al-Wihda Hospital of
the national program for AIDS control at the Ministry of Health.

He added that there are more than 20,000 people in Yemen who are HIV positive
but who have not been registered. HIV testing is a voluntarily process whereby
the permission of the patient is required according to international protocol.

Currently there is a new law of 50 articles on HIV/AIDS which has been passed by
the parliament and is awaiting a legislative internal charter before it is
disseminated and new programs are carried out.

"Knowing about AIDS is important for Yemenis. This is why we carried out
awareness events, to let the public know and take precautions," said Mohammed
Rajeh Shamsan, head of a youth initiative called Lamst Shabab.

The initiative launched a campaign targeting around 400 youths in several
colleges at Sana'a University last Wednesday on World AIDS Day.

Among the young volunteers who set off to educate their peers on AIDS was Adham
Hassan. "We talked to students both boys and girls about the dangers of AIDS and
STDs and they were interested to hear what we had to say. They even were
interested in our initiative and wanted to join."

Lamst Shabab targeted students at the university because of their enthusiasm and
inclination to try new social activities.

"The youth are impulsive and we needed to turn this energy towards positive
issues and so we got them onboard," said Ibtisam Bahubaish who was among the
youth distributing pamphlets and spreading awareness.

According to the World AIDS Day official website, there are 33.4 million people
living with HIV worldwide, 2.1 million of whom are children under 15.

The United Nations Development Program in Yemen (UNDP) has implemented several
programs in this issue, in partnership with the Yemeni government. By mid 2007,
UNDP said that with a little over 2,000 cases reported, that Yemen is considered
a low prevalence country with respect to HIV and AIDS.

"However, it is likely that this low rate hides a much grimmer reality, given
the fact that many cases go unreported due to the social stigma surrounding HIV
and AIDS and the lack of institutional mechanisms and basic infrastructure to
detect them," said the UNDP website.

Therefore, the AIDS program at the ministry of health carries out regular
awareness activities mainly on the occasion of World AIDS Day.

"This year our awareness events will include bicycle races, sketches and songs,
and speeches by concerned authorities," said Jabal.

He added that this year's AIDS motto for Yemen would be: "World united to face
AIDS for a new AIDS free generation and without stigma or discrimination and
free from deaths by AIDS."

The government's program of activities are also an occasion to distribute
pamphlets on the risks of AIDS and STDs and educating the public on how to deal
with AIDS patients.

"We also encourage the public to go for voluntary checks and to use our hotline
service," said Jaba

For You
AIDS/ HIV hotline: 175Sana'a Center at Al-Jumhouri Hospital: 01-480363Aden
Center at Al-Wihda Hospital: 02- 397658
l.

Interested callers are advised to try more than once if they do not get through
as the hotline service has been experiencing some technical problems.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 13


     Copyright 2010 Yemen Times - Yemen Times Press, Printing & Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved
                         Syndigate.info, Al Bawaba.com


                             511 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           December 1, 2010 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

Time to press our HIV/AIDS success

BYLINE: Susan A. Allen; For the AJC

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 17A

LENGTH: 807 words


In 1986, I stood in the outdoor waiting area at the Centre Hospitalier in
Kigali, Rwanda, and watched as the first in a long line of women stepped forward
for HIV/AIDS testing. They had seen firsthand the ravages of HIV/AIDS in their
communities, and there was a palpable sense of anxiety in the air as the women
waited to have their blood drawn. World AIDS Day didn't exist.

No one was wearing the red ribbons we recognize today as symbols of AIDS
awareness. Fear and lack of knowledge dominated the whispered conversations
among the women waiting for tests.

Two years later, the World Health Organization designated Dec. 1 as the first
World AIDS Day. In these early days, our Rwandan patients weren't the only ones
experiencing fear and lack of knowledge. HIV-positive people were barred from
entering the United States, and Princess Diana made headlines around the world
when she boldly shook hands with an AIDS patient.

Today, the fight against HIV/AIDS is back in the news. In the last two weeks
alone, Pope Benedict XVI suggested that condoms could be used as part of the
fight against HIV/AIDS, and research reported that the antiretroviral drug
Truvada was valuable in protecting healthy gay men from HIV infection.

Thanks to education and publicity, the red ribbon associated with AIDS awareness
has become one of the best-known symbols of health advocacy. In Rwanda, our
program of couples' voluntary HIV/AIDS counseling and testing has been
established as a national policy. World AIDS Day is recognized worldwide as an
occasion to increase awareness of HIV/AIDS, honor the progress we've made in
prevention and treatment and acknowledge that our fight against HIV/AIDS is far
from over.

In fact, World AIDS Day 2010 finds us at a pivotal point. Proposed congressional
budget cuts stand to profoundly cripple global research and prevention efforts.
This funding crisis could not come at a worse time. While we've made important
advancements in treatment through the President's Emergency Fund for AIDS
Relief, the WHO estimates that five new people are infected by HIV for every two
who receive antiretroviral therapy (ART). The important victories we've had over
the past 25 years in the fight against HIV/AIDS --- developments in vaccine
research, for example --- are at risk of being squandered. Without critical
funding, we will indeed be snatching defeat from the jaws of victory.

World AIDS Day 2010 gives us an opportunity to renew the sense of urgency we
felt 25 years ago --- when shaking the hand of an AIDS patient was viewed as an
act of courage. It is also an opportunity for us to redouble our commitment to
HIV/AIDS prevention. By implementing proven, evidence-based prevention
strategies such as couples' HIV/AIDS testing, we'll reduce the number of
infections and, consequently, reduce the number of people who will require more
costly treatment.

The brave wives and mothers who visited our Kigali testing site in the early
1980s were trailblazers. They brought their spouses to our clinic for testing
long before the medical community recognized that partners in long-term
relationships often do not share the same HIV status.

Today, more than 85 percent of expectant couples in Rwanda receive HIV/AIDS
counseling and testing together as a routine part of prenatal care.

Whatever their outcomes, these couples are given the support and information
they need to address the impact of HIV/AIDS in their lives. Those partners who
don't share the same status are taught the best ways to protect the HIV-negative
partner from infection. Those partners who share the same HIV status are
counseled about the importance of protecting themselves and their families.

Prevention must work hand in hand with research and treatment to achieve success
in the fight against HIV/AIDS. The U.S. government spends $2.2 billion annually
--- 10 percent of the entire U.S. bilateral foreign aid budget and twice what we
spend on prevention --- to provide antiretroviral therapy to 3 million Africans.
Yet approximately 25 million Africans are HIV-positive.

At the same time, 225 million African adults are HIV-negative and married --- at
risk of acquiring HIV/AIDS within their marriages. As we continue to work toward
a vaccine and a cure, measurable prevention efforts, such as couples' testing,
are our best hope for reducing transmission.

Today, people around the world will wear red ribbons, remembering loved ones and
demonstrating hope and faith in the research and medical communities. I'll be
wearing a red ribbon in honor of the pioneering women of Kigali who, almost 25
years ago, courageously brought their husbands to our clinic for testing.

Dr. Susan A. Allen is the founder and director of the Rwanda Zambia HIV Research
Group and a professor of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine at the Emory
University School of Medicine in Atlanta.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2010 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             512 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                       June 7, 2005 Tuesday Final Edition

More aid won't cure problems of Africa

BYLINE: The Canberra Times

SECTION: A; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 1174 words


B OB GELDOF has assembled well-known bands for his Live8 concerts to lobby G8
leaders meeting in July to "Make poverty history" in Africa. Veterans of the
1985 Live Aid concert such as Elton John and Madonna signed up, as well as
Coldplay. It is wonderful that so much energy will go into addressing Africa's
problems.

Unfortunately, this campaign is so far spending most of its effort on causes
that will not help the African poor. The objectives are to make trade fair, drop
the debt and increase aid. Removing rich country protectionism is a worthy
cause, although economists' estimates of the effect on Africa are modest. As for
the other two causes -excessive debt and insufficient aid -history has already
shown that insufficient Western generosity is not the main cause of Africa's
woes.

The mythology of African debt is that huge amounts of money are being sucked out
of the continent to go to international creditors. The truth is that much of
Africa's debt has been fictional for a long time.

When the debtors had difficulty coming up with the repayments, creditors gave
new loans, postponed the repayment of old loans, or forgave the old loans
altogether.

The G7 has already spent 20 years giving ever more debt relief to Africa at each
successive summit. Maybe the best argument for dropping the debt is just to end
this charade, freeing up the time of people such as Geldof, G7 politicians and
African leaders to concentrate on the real problems of African aid.

Debt relief itself shows that insufficient aid was not the problem in Africa.
African governments could not repay zero-interest World Bank loans that required
no repayment until 10 years after the loan was made and then had a 40-year
repayment period.

What does that say about the pay-off to the money lent in the first place? The
International Monetary Fund and World Bank gave debt relief even to such
long-standing "success stories" as Uganda. If a businessman could not generate
enough profit to repay a loan with a 10-year grace period and 40-year maturity
at zero interest, you wouldn't call that a successful business.

We know that aid is ineffective from the record of the $568 billion already
given in aid to sub-Saharan Africa. This aid was not successful in preventing
decades of stagnation.

Yet campaigners and politicians are jostling in the public square to call for
ever more aid to Africa, from Geldof to Tony Blair and [Chancellor of the
Exchequer] Gordon Brown. Even George Bush pledged to increase US aid to Africa,
although he resists the more sweeping aid and debt relief program that Blair
carries to Washington this week.

Gordon Brown said in a speech in January that more aid could get 12-cent
medicines to children to prevent half of all malaria deaths. Jeffrey Sachs says
in his new book The End of Poverty that "ending the poverty trap will be much
easier than it appears". At the World Economic Forum in Davos in January, these
two got the actress Sharon Stone so excited about easy solutions that she jumped
up and raised $1 million (from an audience made up mostly of middle-aged males)
for bed nets to protect against malarial mosquitoes in Africa. Isn't Mr Brown a
little curious as to why hundreds of billions in aid have not already delivered
12-cent medicines to dying children? Isn't Professor Sachs a little worried that
four decades of aid efforts have not already ended the easy poverty trap? Isn't
Miss Stone a little troubled billions in aid have not already got $4 bed nets to
potential malaria victims? These latest calls for increased aid echo a long
tradition that emphasises aid volume as the measure by which we judge success on
world poverty. But aid volume measures costs, not benefits. General Motors,
which Wall Street has just downgraded to junk-bond status, would not help its
case if it cited its high costs of production as an achievement.

Bob Geldof and his fellow campaigners should direct their outrage to the
question of why the current sums of foreign aid do not reach the poor. (The
campaign makes a token reference to "better aid," but this is not the focus of
the effort.) A big problem is that what sells politically in the North is not
what is most helpful to the poor in the South. The slogan "Make poverty history"
is so general that it does not hold any single, rich government or aid agency
accountable for making poor peoples' lives better. If poverty does not become
history, who will you blame? Everyone, and thus no-one. The aid community
proposes worldwide goals for which all aid agencies are collectively
responsible. Collective responsibility does not work, for the same reason that
collective farming has never worked. Hold aid agencies individually responsible
for what their own programmes achieve.

It also doesn't help that the goals are so utopian. African poverty is a complex
problem that has such roots as past Western exploitation, artificial states
created by the colonisers, murderous kleptocrats (presently exemplified by
Robert Mugabe), ethnic conflict, and dysfunctional bureaucracy in both the
Western aid system and Africa's civil service. To its credit, Tony Blair's
Commission on Africa (of which Bob Geldof was a part) recognised many of these
factors -but they didn't follow it through to its logical conclusion. Aid
agencies are even less accountable for results if they can blame poverty on
factors beyond their control.

In contrast, you could hold aid agencies accountable for results if the aid
agenda was less utopian, just concentrating on specific tangible steps to help
poor people.

Researchers have found many programs that reach the poor: subsidies to parents
to keep children in school, free textbooks for school children, de-worming
medicines, nutritional supplements, education on condoms and treatment for other
sexually transmitted diseases to prevent Aids, indoor spraying to control
malaria, fertiliser subsidies, vaccination, and water provision.

Aid agencies need independent evaluation of the effects on the poor of their
programs. What aid agencies do today is mostly self-evaluation. Aid agencies are
only accountable if independent evaluators judge them. In short, three steps
-individual responsibility of aid agencies, a less utopian agenda for aid and
debt relief, and independent evaluation -are more likely to help the poor than
even more utopian campaigning for more aid and debt relief.

To all of you who will be listening to Madonna and Coldplay at Live8, you
deserve congratulations for your compassion for Africa's desperate poor. Direct
your energies at the outrage of aid and debt relief dollars not reaching those
same poor.

Ask the aid agencies why those 12-cent medicines have still not reached children
dying of malaria. Don't let aid agencies shun individual accountability and hide
behind utopian agendas and self-evaluation. Once that outrage is fixed, let's go
ahead and increase foreign aid.

William Easterly is Professor of Economics (Joint with Africana Studies) at New
York University.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2005 The Federal Capital Press of Australia Pty
                                    Limited


                             513 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                       June 7, 2005 Tuesday Final Edition

More aid won't cure problems of Africa

BYLINE: The Canberra Times

SECTION: A; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 1174 words


B OB GELDOF has assembled well-known bands for his Live8 concerts to lobby G8
leaders meeting in July to "Make poverty history" in Africa. Veterans of the
1985 Live Aid concert such as Elton John and Madonna signed up, as well as
Coldplay. It is wonderful that so much energy will go into addressing Africa's
problems.

Unfortunately, this campaign is so far spending most of its effort on causes
that will not help the African poor. The objectives are to make trade fair, drop
the debt and increase aid. Removing rich country protectionism is a worthy
cause, although economists' estimates of the effect on Africa are modest. As for
the other two causes -excessive debt and insufficient aid -history has already
shown that insufficient Western generosity is not the main cause of Africa's
woes.

The mythology of African debt is that huge amounts of money are being sucked out
of the continent to go to international creditors. The truth is that much of
Africa's debt has been fictional for a long time.

When the debtors had difficulty coming up with the repayments, creditors gave
new loans, postponed the repayment of old loans, or forgave the old loans
altogether.

The G7 has already spent 20 years giving ever more debt relief to Africa at each
successive summit. Maybe the best argument for dropping the debt is just to end
this charade, freeing up the time of people such as Geldof, G7 politicians and
African leaders to concentrate on the real problems of African aid.

Debt relief itself shows that insufficient aid was not the problem in Africa.
African governments could not repay zero-interest World Bank loans that required
no repayment until 10 years after the loan was made and then had a 40-year
repayment period.

What does that say about the pay-off to the money lent in the first place? The
International Monetary Fund and World Bank gave debt relief even to such
long-standing "success stories" as Uganda. If a businessman could not generate
enough profit to repay a loan with a 10-year grace period and 40-year maturity
at zero interest, you wouldn't call that a successful business.

We know that aid is ineffective from the record of the $568 billion already
given in aid to sub-Saharan Africa. This aid was not successful in preventing
decades of stagnation.

Yet campaigners and politicians are jostling in the public square to call for
ever more aid to Africa, from Geldof to Tony Blair and [Chancellor of the
Exchequer] Gordon Brown. Even George Bush pledged to increase US aid to Africa,
although he resists the more sweeping aid and debt relief program that Blair
carries to Washington this week.

Gordon Brown said in a speech in January that more aid could get 12-cent
medicines to children to prevent half of all malaria deaths. Jeffrey Sachs says
in his new book The End of Poverty that "ending the poverty trap will be much
easier than it appears". At the World Economic Forum in Davos in January, these
two got the actress Sharon Stone so excited about easy solutions that she jumped
up and raised $1 million (from an audience made up mostly of middle-aged males)
for bed nets to protect against malarial mosquitoes in Africa. Isn't Mr Brown a
little curious as to why hundreds of billions in aid have not already delivered
12-cent medicines to dying children? Isn't Professor Sachs a little worried that
four decades of aid efforts have not already ended the easy poverty trap? Isn't
Miss Stone a little troubled billions in aid have not already got $4 bed nets to
potential malaria victims? These latest calls for increased aid echo a long
tradition that emphasises aid volume as the measure by which we judge success on
world poverty. But aid volume measures costs, not benefits. General Motors,
which Wall Street has just downgraded to junk-bond status, would not help its
case if it cited its high costs of production as an achievement.

Bob Geldof and his fellow campaigners should direct their outrage to the
question of why the current sums of foreign aid do not reach the poor. (The
campaign makes a token reference to "better aid," but this is not the focus of
the effort.) A big problem is that what sells politically in the North is not
what is most helpful to the poor in the South. The slogan "Make poverty history"
is so general that it does not hold any single, rich government or aid agency
accountable for making poor peoples' lives better. If poverty does not become
history, who will you blame? Everyone, and thus no-one. The aid community
proposes worldwide goals for which all aid agencies are collectively
responsible. Collective responsibility does not work, for the same reason that
collective farming has never worked. Hold aid agencies individually responsible
for what their own programmes achieve.

It also doesn't help that the goals are so utopian. African poverty is a complex
problem that has such roots as past Western exploitation, artificial states
created by the colonisers, murderous kleptocrats (presently exemplified by
Robert Mugabe), ethnic conflict, and dysfunctional bureaucracy in both the
Western aid system and Africa's civil service. To its credit, Tony Blair's
Commission on Africa (of which Bob Geldof was a part) recognised many of these
factors -but they didn't follow it through to its logical conclusion. Aid
agencies are even less accountable for results if they can blame poverty on
factors beyond their control.

In contrast, you could hold aid agencies accountable for results if the aid
agenda was less utopian, just concentrating on specific tangible steps to help
poor people.

Researchers have found many programs that reach the poor: subsidies to parents
to keep children in school, free textbooks for school children, de-worming
medicines, nutritional supplements, education on condoms and treatment for other
sexually transmitted diseases to prevent Aids, indoor spraying to control
malaria, fertiliser subsidies, vaccination, and water provision.

Aid agencies need independent evaluation of the effects on the poor of their
programs. What aid agencies do today is mostly self-evaluation. Aid agencies are
only accountable if independent evaluators judge them. In short, three steps
-individual responsibility of aid agencies, a less utopian agenda for aid and
debt relief, and independent evaluation -are more likely to help the poor than
even more utopian campaigning for more aid and debt relief.

To all of you who will be listening to Madonna and Coldplay at Live8, you
deserve congratulations for your compassion for Africa's desperate poor. Direct
your energies at the outrage of aid and debt relief dollars not reaching those
same poor.

Ask the aid agencies why those 12-cent medicines have still not reached children
dying of malaria. Don't let aid agencies shun individual accountability and hide
behind utopian agendas and self-evaluation. Once that outrage is fixed, let's go
ahead and increase foreign aid.

William Easterly is Professor of Economics (Joint with Africana Studies) at New
York University.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2005 The Federal Capital Press of Australia Pty
                                    Limited


                             514 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                             August 15, 2004 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Grant recipients

SECTION: LIVING; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 260 words


The nonprofit Oklahoma AIDS Care Fund this summer has given $485,000 in grants
to 16 programs offering services, research and education to fight HIV/ AIDS:

AIDS Support Program Inc. (aka The Winds House): Housing for people living with
AIDS.

American Red Cross, Oklahoma County chapter: Education materials geared toward
Hispanic, black and American Indian populations.

Association of American Indian Physicians: Education, case management and
counseling for American Indians.

CarePoint Inc.: Education and prevention services to low-income people living
with HIV/AIDS.

Guiding Right Inc.: Multilevel prevention programs for black women.

HOPE Testing Clinic: Non-biased HIV testing and counseling.

Legal Aid of Western Oklahoma Inc.: Free legal services for low-income people
living with AIDS.

Northern Lights Alternatives: AIDS Mastery Workshops.

Oklahoma AIDS Care Fund Emergency Assistance Program: Assists people with HIV/
AIDS with rent, utilities and medical expenses.

Other Options Inc.: Food pantry and nutritional meals for people with HIV/AIDS.

Planned Parenthood of Central Oklahoma: Prevention and outreach.

Red Rock Behavioral Health North Side HIV/AIDS Programs: Therapy and housing for
people living with HIV/AIDS.

Regional AIDS Interfaith Network (R.A.I.N.): Faith-based teams to assist people
with AIDS in everyday tasks.

Special statewide HIV/AIDS education: Additional funds set aside for future
education efforts.

Tulsa C.A.R.E.S.: Emergency prescription assistance for people with HIV/AIDS.

Tulsa Community AIDS Partnership: Prevention for incarcerated men.



LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2004 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             515 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       May 27, 2004 Thursday Home Edition

Benefit for AIDS survives dispute;
14th annual walk scheduled for fall

BYLINE: MILO IPPOLITO

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: City Life Midtown; Pg. 1JN

LENGTH: 360 words


AIDS Walk Atlanta has survived a legal dispute and is on track for mid-October.

The 14th annual AIDS Walk Atlanta will take place Oct. 17 in Piedmont Park.
Coretta Scott King will serve as the honorary chairwoman.

"African-American and Hispanic women are experiencing a disproportionate and
unrelenting increase in the rate of HIV infections," King said in a written
statement.

AID Atlanta has settled a legal dispute with former event producer MZA Events
Inc. The dispute had threatened to bring the annual event to an end.

MZA previously produced the event under contract with AID Atlanta. That
relationship has ended, leading to a dispute over who had the legal rights to
hold AIDS Walks. Earlier this year, both AID Atlanta and MZA claimed rights to
AIDS Walk. The settlement allows AID Atlanta to continue to use the name AIDS
Walk.

AIDS Walk in recent years has been criticized for excessive expenses, losing
some of its supporters. But AID Atlanta says it has streamlined its operation in
hopes of landing more corporate support. The organization has brought more of
the production responsibilities in-house, in partnership with Afterglow
Productions.

The production company is providing this year's walk manager, Keith Fenton, a
nonprofit fund-raising professional who co-produced the Cow Parade art display.

AID Atlanta hopes to reduce its expenses by more than $200,000, so more money
can go to fighting AIDS. Some of the savings will come from more aggressive
pursuit of in-kind donations to reduce production costs. For example, this year
office space has been donated by King Shaw of the King Plow Arts Center.

AIDS Walk Atlanta officials say their annual event is the largest AIDS
fund-raising event in the Southeast.

They expect more than 12,000 walkers this year. Since 1991, AIDS Walk Atlanta
has raised more than $14 million. Proceeds pay for treatment, medications,
research, prevention, education, meals, mental health services, child care,
substance abuse counseling, pastoral services and hospice care.

Offices are at 877 Marietta St. Call 404-876-9255 to volunteer or to inquire
about sponsorships.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             516 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Contra Costa Times

                     December 2, 2003 Tuesday FINAL EDITION

EAST BAY COMMUNITIES HONOR VICTIMS ON WORLD AIDS DAY;
PUBLIC CEREMONIES, PRIVATE REMINISCENCES FOR LIVES SHORTENED, CHANGED

BYLINE: JACKIE BURRELL, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 921 words


Sheltered by umbrellas, holding candles, they streamed across college campuses
and drizzly downtown streets Monday night.

They signed World AIDS Day petitions, spoke out on East Bay stages and listened
solemnly to the lists of names -- the community members, artists and friends who
died from AIDS.

World AIDS Day commemorations offered solemn memorials, education efforts and
joyful celebrations in cities from Hong Kong to Walnut Creek, Concord, Moraga,
Pleasanton and Richmond.

Alameda and Contra Costa counties have the dubious distinction of being among
California's top 10 counties in AIDS cases.

The good news is that both the diagnosis and fatality rates have been steadily
declining across the state. What was a death sentence in 1987 now kills 59
percent of its sufferers.

World AIDS Day observances commemorate those lives and remind the public that
despite medical advances, AIDS continues around the world.

In Walnut Creek, the Genard AIDS Foundation and the Lesher Regional Center for
the Arts teamed up for the fifth annual Candlelight AIDS March through downtown.
Marchers made their way, damply, from the Liberty Bell in Broadway Plaza to the
Regional Center, then slowly lined the theater's curving staircase to listen as
names were read.

For the DeJarlais family, longtime members of PFLAG, or Parents, Families and
Friends of Lesbians and Gays, this is a tradition. Nan DeJarlais and her
husband, Fred, have done this from the beginning.

"It's very short, very simple and quiet," said Nan DeJarlais, noting that in the
time it took to walk those few blocks, another 100 AIDS sufferers had died
worldwide. "AIDS has touched me deeply. It's probably touched a lot of people
more than they know."

Diablo Valley College students spent the day learning about the global epidemic
from guest lecturers and viewing panels from the AIDS Memorial Quilt, the
largest ongoing community arts project in the world. Free HIV testing was
offered.

In Pleasanton, the Valley Community Health Center held a candlelight vigil and
march through downtown.

The West County AIDS Task Force and Contra Costa Public Health Services marked
the annual observance with a candlelight vigil and ceremony at the Nevin
Community Center in Richmond. Blankets, toothbrushes and toothpaste were
distributed to those in need.

The task force was formed in 1999 in response to the high numbers of AIDS cases
in West County.

In Moraga, St. Mary's College students covered campus artwork in white draperies
in recognition of the especially hard hit the arts community endured in the AIDS
epidemic's early days. Some 8,000 art galleries and museums worldwide shutter
their doors and cover their artwork in mourning for "A Day Without Art," a
14-year-old tradition aligned with World AIDS Day.

"It is a day to bring messages of compassion, hope, solidarity, awareness and
understanding to every country in the world," said Miriam Eisenhardt, the
college's health and wellness educator and coordinator for the day's events.

Students discussed a semester's worth of AIDS research projects that looked at
the deadly disease's impact on youth and hip-hop culture, as well as
relationships between AIDS and gender and race issues.

The evening hours were spent first in quiet, candlelit contemplation, and then
jubilant celebration with student dance performances, poetry readings and the
art of African-American gay rapper Tim'm West.

BY THE NUMBERS

132,988: AIDS cases in California, 1981 to Oct. 31, 2003

6,554: AIDS cases in Alameda County, 1981-2003

2,416: AIDS cases in Contra Costa County, 1981-2003

25,841: AIDS cases in San Francisco County, 1981-2003

1: AIDS cases contracted due to transfusions in Alameda County in 2001

97 percent: AIDS fatality rate in California in 1987

59 percent: AIDS fatality rate in California in 2003

-- Source: California Department of Health Services, www.dhs.ca./gov/aids/.

RESOURCES

California Department of Health Services

Statistics on AIDS cases in California, links to local resources.

www.dhs.ca./gov/aids/.

California AIDS Hotline

Searchable database of resources, information.

www.AIDShotline.org

Alameda County Medical Center

Support groups, counseling, treatment and resources.

www.acmedctr.org/HIVresources.htm

Berkeley Free Clinic, HIV Prevention Services

In addition to treatment, testing and information, this site offers dozens of
Web links to other resources.

www.managingdesire.org/HPSIndex.html

Genard AIDS Foundation, Walnut Creek

Respite and hospice care for AIDS patients and their families, "cry for help
hotline," and resource links.

925-943-2437

www.genard.com/

Diablo Valley AIDS Center, Concord

Food, nutritional assistance, clothing, information and referrals for people
suffering from AIDS/HIV.

925-686-3822

Center for Human Development, Pleasant Hill

Weekly support groups for gay, lesbian and questioning youth and young adults.
HIV prevention outreach and workshop programs.

925-687-8844

Familias Unidas, Richmond

Bilingual HIV educational presentations, street outreach, support groups for
Latinos and others in West Contra Costa.

510-412-5930

Neighborhood House of North Richmond

HIV/AIDS education and neighborhood outreach to youth in the North Richmond
community.

510-235-9780

Planned Parenthood Shasta/Diablo, Concord

Bilingual HIV educational presentations, street outreach, in-depth counseling,
and support groups for women at risk, youth and men who have sex with men.

925-676-0505

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, STUDENTS Staci Hamaguchi, left, Sabrina Rile and Shalondra Brown
take part in Monday's vigil at St. Mary's College in Moraga. Art on campus was
shrouded to mourn losses in the arts community. (Jose Carlos Fajardo, Times)

                       Copyright 2003 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             517 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                                January 29, 2001
                              Correction Appended

One-third of Irish aid never reaches developing world
Report claims poor are losing out to politics

BYLINE: By PAUL CULLEN

SECTION: CITY EDITION; HOME NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 514 words


More than one-third of Irish overseas aid is spent in the State rather than in
the developing world, according to a new report.

Ireland now ranks 10th out of 22 Western donors in the volume of aid it gives to
poorer countries, the Reality of Aid report says. It has the fastest-growing
development aid programme in the OECD, but because of the economic boom it has
made only limited progress towards the United Nations target for aid spending.

The report, an annual survey on development published by international aid
agencies, was compiled before the Government announced steep increases in Irish
aid late last year.

The report says Ireland spent (pounds) 178 million on aid in 1999; of this,
(pounds) 1.2 million was spent on supporting refugees in the State, almost 11
per cent went on administration and almost (pounds) 54 million was spent on
providing experts, usually Irish, for developing countries.

The report questions how much of the (pounds) 41 billion the West donated in aid
in 1999 was "real aid" that reached poor people. Increasingly, aid is seen as a
small part of a wider economic order that tolerates absolute poverty, it claims.

"This international order systematically marginalises poor people and countries
- often with the complicity of small Southern elites who benefit from it - and
it undermines both the will and the ability to reduce poverty".

Large amounts of aid are still being used to advance commercial, political and
diplomatic interests and not to reduce poverty, according to the report. Aid has
been used to prop up dictatorial regimes seen as strategically useful, such as
in Peru and Zaire. The desire of rich countries to open up markets also skews
aid priorities; the focus of EU aid on Morocco, Algeria and Tunisia - three of
the top five recipients of EU aid - "clearly has more to do with politics than
poverty".

"Much aid never gets anywhere near a developing country, let alone close to the
1.5 billion people living in absolute poverty. Billions of dollars contributed
by donors as "aid" is actually spent within the donor country, on things like
hosting refugees and paying the 100,000-plus expatriate experts for technical
assistance."

The Irish aid agency, Concern, said the report showed the EU was providing the
lion's share of its aid to the better off in the developing world, while poorer
countries got "the crumbs from the table". It called on the Government to use
its influence within Europe to reverse this practice.

Concern's chief executive, Mr David Begg, said aid budgets had not increased in
line with greater donor country prosperity. And wealthy countries still spend
much more on arms than on people. "For every dollar spent on arms a mere 10
cents is spent on overseas aid. And although military spending declined by 6 per
cent over the 1990s, the fall in aid was much greater, at 23 per cent."

The report calls for the writing off of the unpayable debts of poor countries,
the reform of the International Monetary Fund and separation of aid from the
commercial objectives of donors.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: January 31, 2001

CORRECTION: An article headed "Report claims poor are losing out to politics" in
Monday's editions said that a report from Reality of Aid claimed that (pounds)
54 million was spent on providing experts, usually Irish, for developing
countries in 1999.

The year should have been 1997 and the figure, though given in the report under
the heading "How much Irish aid is spent in Ireland", in fact refers to
"technical co-operation". According to the Department of Foreign Affairs,
"technical co-operation" includes a full range of bilateral aid including
education, health, water, sanitation, etc.

The Minister of State, Ms Liz O'Donnell, states that the actual cost of
short-term consultancies involving Irish experts and the salaries of experts
attached to Ireland Aid offices was less than (pounds) 2 million in 1999.

                         Copyright 2001 The Irish Times


                             518 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                       May 22, 2000 Monday, ALL EDITIONS

Enemies of AIDS graduate from talk and walk the walk

BYLINE: Emilie Astell; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 572 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER



- Charles Shields explained it this way: AIDS is like a beehive surrounded by a
swarm of issues, such as fear, judgment, anger, morality and confusion.

Mr. Shields, 52, an artist from Lancaster, has AIDS. He was diagnosed a decade
ago, although doctors believe he may have contracted the disease 10 years before
that.

A slender man with glasses, Mr. Shields was a featured speaker at the start of
the eighth annual Central Massachusetts Walk for Life yesterday. The walk is
AIDS Project Worcester Inc.'s largest annual fund-raiser.

Mr. Shields spoke with emotion as he conveyed to listeners at the Worcester
Common what it is like to have the illness.

I hate AIDS,'' he told a rapt audience.  I hate mentioning its name.''

Mr. Shields was close to death for a long time, he said, but with the help of
those at AIDS Project Worcester who offered comfort, guidance, food and
encouragement, he is well enough to continue painting AIDS-related works of art.

One of the greatest benefits of the help he received from AIDS Project
Worcester, he said, is that he did not have to explain himself to staff members
or try to sort out societal issues surrounding the disease.

Acts of human kindness are the most effective for those with AIDS,'' he said.

Participants in this year's AIDS walk contended with cool temperatures and an
overcast sky as they gathered at City Hall. Many warmed themselves with
doughnuts and coffee as they waited for the walk to start.

Charlene L. Nemeth, AIDS Project Worcester president, told participants this was
a big weekend in the Worcester area for graduations.

You've graduated too,'' she said, from giving lip service to doing something
about it.''

State Rep. Harriette L. Chandler, D-Worcester, said the country has lost too
many of the best and brightest to AIDS.

If the people of the commonwealth get out there, the Legislature should too,''
she said of state funding to combat HIV/AIDS.

Nancy E. von Hone, director of development for AIDS Project Worcester, said
about $100,000 was raised from the pledge walk. Proceeds from the walk benefit
AIDS Project Worcester HIV/AIDS services and education programs throughout
Central Massachusetts.

Proceeds from the annual walks have declined in recent years. Last year, about
$125,000 was raised; walks in earlier years raised $140,000 to $164,000.

Part of the drop in contributions is based on the fact that AIDS has been a
nationally identified disease for about 20 years, organizers have said. Also,
AIDS is no longer at the forefront of new illnesses.

Organizers also have said that the public believes AIDS is on the decline and
that drug combination therapies are a cure for the disease. While neither is
true, organizers said, drug therapy does help HIV and AIDS sufferers to live
longer and healthier lives.

Despite generating fewer dollars as a group, people who participated in the
5-kilometer walk seemed enthusiastic.

Christina Gonzalez, 15, of Fitchburg, was one of eight people making up a team
from Luk Crisis Center in Fitchburg.

It's a good thing to help people with AIDS,'' Christina said.

Gregory S. Morse of Worcester posed for a group portrait with more than two
dozen employees of Allmerica Financial who wore matching T-shirts.

I have a lot of friends who passed away from HIV illnesses,'' Mr. Morse said.

Walk participants listened to rock music before starting the trek.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS; MIKE CASTAGNARO; (1) Volunteer Bob Millette sets up fruits and
vegetables donated by local organizations for a picnic after the AIDS walk
yesterday. (2) Prepared for the day with balloons and umbrellas, Cassie McKeon,
2, and others in her family relax on the Worcester Common after yesterday's AIDS
walk.

               Copyright 2000 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                             519 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                           January 21, 1999 Thursday
                                  City Edition

Johanns: Bill won't fix school aid

BYLINE: MARTHA STODDARD, LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 525 words


Gov. Mike Johanns sounded an alarm Wednesday about a proposal to restore $22
million in state aid for schools next year.

He doesn't have the $22 million in his proposed budget and isn't sure he would
agree to an Education Committee plan to keep that amount in the state aid total,
he said at a morning news conference.

"The issue here is predictability," Johanns said. "Pushing $22 million through
this formula doesn't solve the problem."

Johanns made his comments in reaction to LB149, advanced out of the Education
Committee by a unanimous vote Tuesday. The bill would free schools from having
to repay $22 million that a recalculation of this year's aid says schools were
overpaid this year.

Sen. Ardyce Bohlke of Hastings has said the "overpayment" resulted from an
unexpected glitch in the state aid formula.

State education officials calculated the aid originally in 1997, using projected
spending. The recalculation, done in 1998, was based on actual spending, which
grew slower than projections because schools have been working to trim costs in
recent years.

Repaying that money means schools would actually get less state aid this year
than was distributed to them last year.

But Johanns said the $22 million would not replace all the losses schools
experience, nor would it solve the underlying problem of unexpected swings in
state aid that many districts have experienced.

He called instead for changes in the state aid formula to provide predictability
and stability in the aid schools get.

One way to achieve that, he said, would be to hold districts harmless if the
annual aid calculation showed their aid should drop. He suggested paying those
districts the same amount of aid for a few years, while school officials plan
how to cope with the loss.

Originally, he said aid amounts for all schools should remain the same for a few
years.

Later Wednesday, he clarified that schools should get aid increases, if the
formula shows they should get additional dollars. He also emphasized that he
believes the total amount of state aid should be allowed to increase.

"There will be an ongoing commitment to providing additional state aid to K-12
education," he said.

Either way, Bohlke said, the governor's proposal could create problems. If
schools with growing numbers of students couldn't get additional aid, it would
put a squeeze on their ability to provide a good education to those children.

And the state doesn't need to send as much aid to schools if their property
values increase -- meaning they could get more support from property taxes at
the same levy -- or if they don't have to teach as many children, she said.

Bohlke noted that schools already have some protection against drastic swings in
their aid. The current aid formula has a stabilization factor, which prevents
districts from losing more than 15 percent of their aid in any one year.

But not allowing aid to drop when circumstances change in school districts means
the costs to the state would increase, she said.

"We are then sending dollars to districts that don't deserve it. They would get
to double-dip," she said. "I really don't think that's what the governor intends
to do.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1999 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             520 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Mirror

                          December 31, 1998, Thursday

DR MIRIAM STOPPARD'S HEALTH FOCUS: I'M SORRY, WHAT DID YOU SAY?

BYLINE: Dr Miriam Stoppard

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 948 words


BY about the age of 50, most of us will have noticed some hearing loss, usually
to the higher-pitched sounds.

The majority of us do retain fairly normal hearing beyond the age of 60, but in
our seventies and eighties we are three times more likely to have lost some of
our hearing.

In the Western world men suffer much more from hearing loss than women, possibly
because of higher noise levels at work.

IT'S estimated that about 8.7 million people - more than one in seven - are deaf
or hard of hearing in the UK.

The most common cause of deafness is ageing, making sounds less clear, and tones
- especially higher ones - harder to make out.

Here are some key facts:

THE number of deaf and hard-of-hearing people is gradually rising as the size of
the over-60 population increases.

MORE than half of people over 60 are deaf or hard-of-hearing.

BY the time we're 80 or over, 93 per cent of us will be deaf or hard- of
-hearing.

AMONG people over the age of 80, more women than men are affected simply because
women tend to live longer than men.

WHAT CAUSES DEAFNESS?

A COMMON cause of hearing impairment is failure to conduct sounds waves across
the middle ear to the hearing organ in the inner ear across a chain of tiny
bones - the hammer, the anvil and the stirrup.

A TRIVIAL thing such as wax can harden and dry, blocking sound waves getting to
the eardrum.

Hearing can be vastly improved simply by having the ear canal syringed.
Attempting to remove wax by poking an object into your ear simply compresses the
wax deep down, so don't.

FAILURE of the hearing organ, the cochlea in the inner ear, to transmit sound to
the brain is called "nerve" deafness and isn't helped by a hearing aid.

HEARING AIDS AND THEIR PROBLEMS

IF hearing impairment isn't due to nerve damage then a hearing aid can help.

It's normal for people newly fitted with hearing aids to complain that the sound
seems unnatural and it's difficult to adjust.

Hearing aids amplify all sounds so distinguishing speech patterns from any other
noise in the room - such as television, radio, sounds of washing up or cooking -
can be a problem.

If you're given a hearing aid, seek advice on how it works properly.  If you
don't, you might be tempted to throw it away in frustration, and cut yourself
off from the companionship of others.

HOW TO GET A HEARING AID

THERE are two ways of obtaining a hearing aid. You can get one free through the
NHS or you can buy one through a commercial hearing aid dispenser.  The NHS has
a range of around 19 hearing aids, mostly of the behind-the- ear type. Many more
models are available commercially, and for some types of deafness only a
commercial aid provides adequate benefit.

YOUR NHS HEARING AID

ASK your GP to refer you to an ENT (ear, nose and throat) specialist) in your
local hospital, or to the local hearing aid clinic.

At the ENT department, the consultant will examine your ears and arrange for
your hearing to be tested by an audiologist at the hearing aid clinic.

If the tests suggest that a hearing aid may help you, an impression of your ear
will be taken so that an ear-mould can be made to fit your ear.

Once the ear-mould is ready you will be fitted with the hearing aid.  The
hearing aid, batteries, repairs and services will all be provided free of
charge.

Go back to the hearing aid department if you have any problems using your aid.
They may be able to adjust it or change it for a different model.

BUYING A HEARING AID

DO use a supplier who has been recommend by a friend.

DO use a locally-based supplier.

DO take a friend or relative who has good hearing with you.

DO ensure you can use the aid for a trial period (preferably 30 days).

DON'T buy a hearing aid at an exhibition, or on the spur of the moment.  If you
are considering buying a hearing aid privately, book an appointment with a
dispenser in advance.

HEARING AID FACTS

ABOUT two million people in the UK own hearing aids - but only 1.4 million use
them regularly.

AT least three million people who don't have hearing aids could benefit from
one.

HEARING aids take some getting used to. People who wait until they're older,
more hard of hearing and perhaps coping with additional disabilities, find it
hard to adapt.

MEN are more likely than women to wear a hearing aid.

IT'S TIME TO TAKE SOUND ADVICE

ARE you hearing as well as you used to?

DO you have to turn up the television or radio more than you used to - does your
family complain that the sound is too loud?

DO you wish people would speak more clearly?

DO you ever miss your name being called?

DO you sometimes misunderstand what people say to you?

DO you ask people to repeat things?

DO you find it difficult to hear a conversation when you are with a lot of
people or when there is background noise?

DO you ever have difficulty hearing the doorbell or telephone?

If you answer YES to any of the above questions, you could be hard of hearing.

VOWEL OF SILENCE

WHEN hearing begins to wane, our ability to hear higher frequency speech sounds
may be affected.

Consonants, such as K, CH, F, SH, S and Z have high frequencies, while vowel
sounds A, E, I, O and U have lower frequencies.

Most people try to make themselves heard by shouting which only results in a
chain of booming, unintelligible sounds.

It does nothing to clarify higher frequency sounds and makes a deaf person feel
embarrassed.

TO receive your free copy of the Better Hearing leaflet, send an SAE to:
Information Department (BH), Help the Aged, St James's Walk, Clerkenwell Green,
London EC1R OBE.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: LISTENING HARD: As you get older you may suffer hearing problems

                            Copyright 1998 MGN Ltd.


                             521 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Sunday Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                           November 30, 1997, Sunday

Young face of AIDS

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: CURTIS R / LEVITT S

SECTION: SCOPE; Pg. 66

LENGTH: 697 words


Children are the forgotten face of the AIDS epidemic, with 80 percent of
sufferers never reaching their fifth birthday. ROD CURTIS and STEVE LEVITT
review the grim findings

ESPERANCE'S name means "Hope" _ but she doesn't have any.

The six-year-old survived the massacres in the jungles of Zaire and the long
walk back to Rwanda as an unaccompanied child.

But she is about to lose her young life to an enemy that began attacking even
before she was born.

The deadly AIDS virus was sown in her blood by a mother now dead.

Former South Australian Premier Lynn Arnold met Hope in an orphanage in Nymata,
Rwanda, in his position as new chief executive officer of World Vision.

By the year 2010, 40 million children will have been orphaned by AIDS. And
according to the United Nations and the World Health Organisation, 1600 children
under 15 contract AIDS each day. By the end of this year, one million children
under 15 will be living with HIV _ more than 90 percent of them will be in
developing countries.

The World Health Organisation has labelled the impact of AIDS on children a
"curse unprecedented in the history of humanity". Despite this, aid
organisations and AIDS experts are becoming increasingly frustrated at the
developed world's apathy to the spread of the disease.

Although Australia may no longer fear the grim reaper, it will soon be
impossible to ignore the scale of the disease on its doorstep.

Dr Nick Crofts, the deputy director of Melbourne's MacFarlane Burnet Centre for
Research, is dismayed at witnessing the largest burden of AIDS shift from Africa
to Asia.

"With AIDS, we don't seem to have been learning the lessons we need to learn,"
Dr Crofts said. "The explosive epidemics that are happening in parts of Asia are
clearly very predictable and clearly very preventable, and it's incredibly
frustrating to be losing a winable battle."

Tomorrow is World AIDS Day, and this year the theme is "children living in a
world of AIDS", focusing on not only how children are infected by the disease,
but how their lives are inalterably affected by it.

The United Nations AIDS program known as UNAIDS and UNICEF believe HIV/AIDS has
become one of the world's greatest threats to children's rights.

Children are the tragic face of the AIDS epidemic. More than 80 percent of child
AIDS sufferers never see their fifth birthday, having contracted the disease in
the womb. In some urban areas of Uganda, up to 40 percent of women attending
antenatal clinics have HIV.

Three in 10 children whose mother has AIDS will die from the disease _ the
remaining seven will grow up without a mother.

According to UNICEF, at the end of last year, eight percent of Zimbabwean
children had lost their mother to AIDS, while in Uganda, 1000 children a week
lose one of their parents to AIDS.

Australian experts are concerned that Western authorities, by controlling their
own AIDS epidemic, have become apathetic about tackling the issue overseas. Of
$US1.5 billion spent on the epidemic in 1991, only six percent was for the
developing world, where 90 percent of HIV infections occur.

This financial year, the Australian Government will spend an estimated $14.5
million on HIV/AIDS programs worldwide.

Australia, although it has not beaten the disease, has it under control.

About 360 Australians live with AIDS, and infection rates are falling, due to
well-performed education programs and the active response to the virus by
high-risk groups.

Aid agency World Vision is following a similar model in Africa and Asia,
encouraging community based strategies to help communities protect themselves.

World Vision is Australia's largest aid agency and one of its aims through its
child sponsorship programs is to reduce the spread of AIDS by eliminating
poverty and improving education.

However, World Vision AIDS expert Dr Tim O'Shaughnessy said changing attitudes
was proving difficult.

He said that in Uganda, Zimbabwe and parts of Asia, the high-risk groups were
not the expected drug users, homosexuals and commercial sex workers, but the
heterosexual community.

World Vision's child sponsorship program can be contacted by phoning 133240.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: SML

                   Copyright 1997 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             522 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                              May 23, 1997 Friday
                                  Late Edition

We must beware of aid that's aid in name only;
THE ECONOMY THIS WEEK ECONOMICS EXTRA

BYLINE: HANS VAN LEEUWEN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 86

LENGTH: 825 words


Australia's foreign aid had mixed results during the 1980s in encouraging
sustainable development among poorer countries in the Asia-Pacific region. But
was it more successful as an export subsidy for Australian companies?

There are two issues at stake:

* Whether the aid programs involved were a successful subsidy from an industry
point of view. That is, whether they built up internationally competitive
companies and sectors on a sustainable basis and in a cost-effective fashion.

* Whether those programs were successful from an aid point of view. That is, the
subsidy was compatible with the primary objectives of the aid program as a
whole.

When Foreign Minister Mr Alexander Downer last year axed the Development Import
Finance Facility - the most commercially oriented aid program - his rationale
was in the latter category, that DIFF was not good aid.

The recently released Simons Review into the aid program vindicated Mr Downer's
action.

The Simons team took the view that aid was more expensive and less effective
when its procurement was tied to Australian companies.

Business groups have already indicated they are unhappy with this finding. This
is largely because of the first issue. They believe it has been a successful
trade subsidy.

The interesting thing about the Simons critique of DIFF is that it is barely a
decade since the last major review of aid came to exactly the opposite
conclusion, supporting the business view.

The 1984 Jackson Report saw aid as a useful export subsidy, giving a headstart
to Australian multinationals in the race to conquer the world's emerging
markets.

The easy selling-point of this approach, which quickly found favour with the
Government, was the benefit to Australia. Taxpayers could hardly complain about
our overseas largesse when most of the benefits were supposedly coming home to
Australia. And since everyone else was doing it, it made sense to join the
bandwagon.

More difficult to justify was the fact that the tying of aid was really a huge -
and concealed - taxpayer subsidy to a handful of Australian companies.

It may have pushed these companies into the region but it raised the usual
questions of whether the government should be "picking winners". If Australia
has, for example, a strong infrastructure development industry, does it need the
aid program to launch it into South-East Asia?

Business will respond that the subsidy was necessary because other countries tie
their aid to their companies. Without it, we are now at a competitive
disadvantage.

This argument is similar to the one on tariffs: why should we drop ours if
no-one else is dropping theirs?

The answer is that we should be trying to optimise the use of our scarce
resources in the face of foreign trade restrictions and subsidies. That is,
unless we have evidence to the contrary, we assume the foreign restrictions and
subsidies will remain as permanent natural barriers to trade.

We then use the resulting price signals to direct our scarce resources to those
things that we can do best, given the circumstances created by natural resource
endowments, transport costs, foreign trade barriers, subsidies etc.

But if Australian companies want to press on against this perceived disadvantage
of subsidised competitors, they can take heart. In this area, the disadvantage
is diminishing. Aid is less important and finance for development projects is
ever more readily available.

The rapid evolution of international capital markets is making aid less relevant
as a means of accessing emerging markets. Private investment flows have
skyrocketed as aid flows have stagnated. This has been made worse by the fiscal
austerity among Western governments. As they have slashed their budgets, aid
programs have suffered. Tied aid programs are a decreasing source of competitive
advantage.

In the continually liberalising marketplace, Australian companies have a variety
of options for finance, as they do of projects to choose from, with
extraordinary demand for infrastructure in Asia.

But critics argue that even if aid does become untied, it will not produce a
more poverty-focused aid program. All that will happen, critics say, is that
Korean and French companies, for example, will now benefit from our aid program
more than we will.

The obvious preference in development terms would be to see local capacity
develop in the recipient country. But if an outside company is needed for the
contract, why not go for the cheapest available? If individual projects in the
aid program are less costly, there can be more of them.

Whatever the merit of these arguments, business - particularly the handful of
companies that have done especially well from the aid program - is not likely to
let the commercial aspects of the aid program disappear without a fight.

The dilemma for Mr Downer will be that, although an aid budget is easier to
protect if it benefits commercial and strategic objectives, aid with those goals
is aid largely in name only.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1997 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             523 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                      July 8, 1996, Monday, METRO EDITION

Dingwell snubbed at AIDS meeting

BYLINE: By Leslie Papp Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 765 words

DATELINE: VANCOUVER


   VANCOUVER - In a dramatic snubbing of federal Health Minister David Dingwall,
hundreds of activists turned their backs, covered their ears and shouted "Shame"
as he addressed the opening of the world's largest AIDS conference last night.

With thousands of delegates from around the world looking on, some protesters -
angry over the Liberal government's refusal to announce renewed funding for AIDS
research and programs - held up banners while others blew horns and whistles in
an attempt to drown out Dingwall.

The protesters are afraid that the expected death of the $42 million-a-year
National AIDS Strategy in 1998 will mean reduced AIDS research and loss of
community programs across Canada.

The public mocking was meant to reflect the government's inaction, said Glen
Brown, director of services at Toronto's Community AIDS Treatment Information
Exchange.

"They've turned their backs on us," Brown said.

Dingwall gamely stuck to the text of his speech, praising researchers for their
work and urging the private sector to do more in the fight against AIDS.

The government has adamantly refused to commit itself to long-term AIDS funding
after expiry of the current program.

And Dingwall inadvertently seemed to express some regret.

While speaking about Canada's tainted blood crisis, in what was clearly a slip
of the tongue, he said: "How deeply I regret the strategy." Then corrected
himself to say, "this tragedy."

Dingwall later told reporters the protesters didn't embarrass him.

"We all knew they were going to be there. I saw them. I heard them. I heard the
nice words they used to describe me. But I was there to provide remarks for the
government of Canada," Dingwall said.

People with AIDS weren't the only ones critical of the federal government.

Dr. Mark Wainberg, president of the Canadian Association for HIV Research,
described Ottawa's foot-dragging as "disgusting and pathetic," especially when
some progress against the disease is being made.

"Our government has somehow got the impression that it's more important to
reduce the deficit than save people's lives," Wainberg, director of the McGill
University AIDS Centre, told reporters before the opening ceremony.

"Our government is pulling the rug out from under our feet."

Janet Connors, a Halifax woman who was infected with AIDS from her hemophiliac
husband, said she has lost all faith in the Liberal government.

People with AIDS are getting only "a sugar-coated message that doesn't mean
anything," Connors said. Her husband died of AIDS and she was diagnosed as
having the disease two years ago.

She was among about 500 protesters who paraded to the arena and stadium complex
where the 11th International Conference on AIDS opened.

In a wheelchair, and holding a jangling alarm clock, she shouted: "Wake up
Canada."

Other activists chanted "We want a strategy, not another tragedy" and "We want
choices, not the same voices."

Some carried puppet effigies of politicians while others marched bearing altered
Canadian flags that had an image of a red AIDS ribbon replacing the maple leaf.

The ceremony opened with a heartfelt statement by Doreen Millman who has AIDS.
Her son Paul also has AIDS.

"How did a 63-year-old grandmother from North Vancouver get AIDS. The answer is
very simple. It just doesn't matter," Millman said, sparking a standing ovation.

"We (people with AIDS) deserve and demand to be treated as equals with dignity."

B.C. Premier Glen Clark, in his welcoming speech to delegates, made a pointed
reference to Prime Minister Jean Chretien's absence. Chretien's officials have
said he was busy with his private schedule to attend.

"Nothing, nothing could have prevented me from being here today," Clark said, to
cheers.

Dr. Peter Piot, of the United Nations joint program for AIDS, said the Vancouver
meeting "comes at a time of new hope" due to new combinations of drugs that
inhibit the growth of HIV, the virus linked to AIDS.

AIDS can no longer be considered an untreatable disease, he said, but cautioned
against too much optimism.

"There is hope, but let's not exaggerate," he said.

During the march through Vancouver, Louise Binder, 47, a Toronto lawyer with
AIDS, said she was ashamed to be Canadian because Chretien declined to attend
the opening ceremony.

"He's (Chretien) on vacation were told," Binder told the crowd, gathered under
sunny skies at Vancouver Public library.

"AIDS never takes a vacation. Maybe he should have taken some time out of his
vacation for the people dying with AIDS."

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Reuters color photo (Jeff Vinnick): SILENT PROTEST: Protesters cover
their ears as Health Minister David Dingall helps open the XI International
Conference on AIDS in Vancouver yesterday. (Page A16) CP color photo (Chuck
Stoody): MARCHING ALONG: David Pasquarelli yells slogans during march yesterday
before opening ceremony for 11th International Conference on AIDS in Vancouver
(Page A16, ONT edition)

                  Copyright 1996 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             524 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             May 30, 1996 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

Why we can't afford to cut aid

BYLINE: Andrew Hewett. Andrew Hewett is Community Aid Abroad's Director of
Public Policy

SECTION: NEWS; Opinion; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 996 words


With 75 per cent of the world's poor living in our region, the Government's
planned cuts to the overseas aid budget will only increase the perception of us
as carpetbaggers intent on commercial self-interest, writes Andrew Hewett.

When the Expenditure Review Committee meets today to decide how to make some of
the world's poorest people pay for Australia's budget deficit, it may care to
think about the reaction of fellow aid donor countries.

The Federal Government's planned cuts to the overseas aid budget of at least 8
per cent, or nearly $124 million, have already come under fire from the OECD's
Development Assistance Committee, a forum of 27 of the world's richest aid
donors.

The Committee conducts regular peer reviews of member country aid programs.
Earlier this year, it reviewed Australia's program, but the Government has so
far not released its report at home. For good reasons, it appears.

The committee expressed "concern over the possible risks to aid quality" posed
by the budget slashing plans. It said these concerns were particularly strong
given the long term development work under way and "Australia's relatively lean
aid staffing arrangements".

While the OECD endorses the overall direction of Australia's aid effort so far,
it questions whether developing countries will be able to count on Australia
providing "adequate and predictable financial resources" for aid in the future.

Even after years of cutbacks under Labor, the aid budget still makes Australia a
middle-ranking donor nation. As one of the few wealthy countries surrounded by
developing countries we should be nearer the top than the bottom in the donor
stakes. Yet we're set to plummet rapidly.

Despite protests by local businesses and various Asian governments it looks like
the election promise to achieve the 8 per cent cut to aid by scrapping DIFF (the
Development Import Finance Facility) is one the Government intends to keep.

The scheme, which helps Australian firms win infrastructure contracts in the
Asia region, represents over 50 per cent of the Australian aid program to China
and over 40 per cent of the Australian aid spending in Indonesia.

Increasingly, the Federal Government looks determined to improve on the original
promise by cutting even deeper. Newspaper reports have cited government sources
who warn of aid cuts of up to 25 per cent - a move certain to send Australia
towards the bottom of the heap of rich aid donors.

This would fly in the face of widespread, but largely silent public support for
Australia's aid effort. Over 2.5 million donors regularly donate to Australia's
non-government aid agencies like Community Aid Abroad. Opinion polls show strong
support for aid spending. Only last month a representative survey of 1230
Australians found close to 60 per cent wanted the aid budget maintained or
increased. More than one in three believed Australia's aid budget to be twice
its actual size.

Yet, government development aid is under siege around the world. Since the end
of the Cold War aid spending has declined, with the rich world turning a
collective blind eye to the obscenity of man-made poverty throughout the
developing world.

Over 1.3 billion people continue to live in absolute poverty - denied their
basic rights to shelter, clean water, sanitation, health care, education, and
food, and surviving on less than a dollar a day.

Their numbers are growing daily. And while the the biggest increases in poverty
are in sub-Saharan Africa, 75 per cent of the world's poor live in our region,
in South Asia, Indo-China and China.

Good aid programs, including Australian's, have saved lives and made those lives
a little more worth living.

While the OECD in its recent review is generally supportive of the direction of
Australia's aid program until now, it is clear that some changes are needed.

The Coalition went to the Australian people with the election promise to focus
Australia's aid effort more firmly on the alleviation of poverty than on the
business interests of Australian companies.

Foreign Minister Alexander Downer, who has announced a sweeping review of the
aid program, says its priorities should be to assist women and girls (70 per
cent of those living in poverty) and rural development, and to make basic rights
such as clean water and primary health care a reality.

He has also promised to increase some funding to Australian non-government
organisations who run small scale development programs working in direct
partnership with some of the poorest communities on earth.

But these worthy intentions are fatally undermined by a determination to cut
aid.

There is little flexibility in the aid budget because it largely funds long
term, binding commitments. Programs aimed squarely at the eradication of poverty
require additional funds. Non-government aid agencies have long argued for this
but it is likely to be sacrificed in the 1996/97 budget.

Before the Federal election, Mr Downer prided himself on his honesty when he
promised a Coalition government would not reduce spending on humanitarian aid
and poverty alleviation: "The only cuts we are making are cuts to business
subsidies," he said then.

The Prime Minister, Mr Howard, has staked his reputation as an honest and
compassionate man on the promise that the poor will not pay for the cuts in
public expenditure. Neither independent aid agencies nor the public think of the
poor as just those who happen to reside within Australia's borders.

Increases in poverty or gross inequality in our region affect Australia's
well-being. A reduced aid budget furthers our neighbours' perception of us as
mere carpetbaggers, intent only on commercial self interest.

But the real losers will be neither Australia's small businesses and exporters,
nor our reputation and self-image as a society that cherishes a fair go.

If the Prime Minister today decides that his claim to honesty is a small price
to pay for aid cuts, some of the poorest people in Africa, Asia and the Pacific
will pay dearly.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1996 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             525 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           December 1, 1994, Thursday

Honoring families touched by AIDS Memorial service scheduled tonight

BYLINE: By Nichell J. Taylor STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Section J; Page 3

LENGTH: 376 words


When AID Gwinnett was incorporated in 1991, it served eight people who tested
positive for the HIV virus or had AIDS.

Since then, more than 100 Gwinnett residents have died of AIDS, according to
members of the nonprofit resource and service organization.

AID Gwinnett gives financial assistance and support to about 160 clients, who
are among an estimated 880 people countywide infected with the disease, said
Jere Jordan, the group's public awareness coordinator.

Behind the numbers, however, are individuals - and their families. In their
honor, the theme of World AIDS Day memorial services scheduled today around the
globe will be "AIDS & the Family."

In AID Gwinnett's memorial service, scheduled for 7 p.m. at the Gwinnett Justice
and Administration Center auditorium in Lawrenceville, special recognition will
be given to parents of AIDS sufferers and to caregivers for children with the
disease.

"The realization of AIDS' associated losses - physical, emotional and financial
- coupled with the . . . discrimination, isolation and abrupt changes in
lifestyle devastate those closest to people living with AIDS," Jordan said.

AID Gwinnett, which averages eight new clients a month, has seen an increase in
the number of infected women, children and families, members said.

"We are a core organization of volunteers that noticed we have a lot of mothers
who belong for one reason or another, just like I do," said Gwinnett County
Commissioner Renee S. Unterman, AID Gwinnett's board chairwoman. "A lot of them
are very interested in children and realize that AIDS affects the future
generations of children, unfortunately."

Last year, an overflow crowd turned out when the Gwinnett organization held its
World AIDS Day memorial service at the Female Seminary in Lawrenceville. So a
larger venue was needed, Unterman said.

"We had people standing outside and trying to look through the windows," she
said.

Tonight's memorial service will include a welcome by Unterman, shared memories
of caregivers, the reading of names of people who have died and a keynote speech
by noted psychologist Quinton Hand. Part of the National AIDS Project Quilt also
will be on display, presented by Larry Lehman, AID Gwinnett support services
director.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH943360144

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                             526 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   April 18, 1994, MONDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

MAN STARTS AIDS-AWARENESS CRUSADE; AFRICAN-AMERICANS NEED TO BE MORE AWARE, HE
WARNS

BYLINE: Roger Signor Post-Dispatch Science-Medicine Editor

SECTION: WAR PAGE; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 761 words


EMZY SMITH of St. Louis is a man with a mission. He has AIDS and doesn't care
who knows it.

Smith, 40, who is black, says, "I'll go anywhere at any time to talk about AIDS.
"

That's because many blacks believe they're somehow immune to the disease or that
those who get it are being punished by God, he said.

Smith talked to other patients Thursday after a checkup at St. Louis Regional
Medical Center.

"Many African-Americans have their heads in the sand about the threat of AIDS,"
Smith said. The indifference contributes to the increase in new HIV infections
among blacks in St. Louis and St. Louis County, health officials said Friday.

Blacks account for about 25 percent of the population in the city and county.
But they make up 35 percent of the AIDS cases, officials said.

AIDS became a reportable disease in 1983. Since then, 1,971 residents in the
city and county have developed symptoms of AIDS; 625 were black.

Another 1,262 residents were infected with HIV but have yet to become ill; 625
of them are black.

The disproportionate number of AIDS among blacks will increase sharply in a few
years, says William Dotson of the St. Louis Metropolitan AIDS Program.

One reason is the number of new HIV infections in blacks. In 1993, 290 black
males and 54 black females had positive HIV tests - more than double the totals
for each group the previous year, said Dotson, who manages AIDS outreach
programs for blacks and other groups.

In addition, even more new cases of AIDS will occur among blacks in the wake of
an explosion of syphilis cases in 1992-1993. Nearly 2,000 cases of the sexually
transmitted disease occurred in the city and county; 93 percent of those
infected were black.

"In those infected by syphilis, we know that their chance of developing AIDS in
years ahead is very strong," Dotson said.

Both new HIV and syphilis infections chiefly are the result of "foolish and
risky sexual behavior," Dotson said. Smith agrees.

Smith talks about risky behavior, at public meetings sponsored by Regional
Medical Center's Ryan White AIDS Program. The center cares for 114 people with
AIDS, 68 of whom are black.

To help patients with AIDS, the center got a three-year $ 1.2 million grant in
1992 from the federal Ryan White Act. The act is named after a child with
hemophilia who died from AIDS.

Earlier this month, other groups got money from the Ryan White Act to bolster
awareness of AIDS among blacks and other minorities. For example, grants of $
80,000 each were made to the Northside AIDS Outreach agency and Blacks Assisting
Blacks Against AIDS program.

Both are private groups that give black residents information about AIDS and put
them in touch with agencies that help patients and families cope with the
disease.

The Rev. John Selders is outreach coordinator for Northside AIDS Outreach. "What
we've seen among African-Americans here is a reluctance by various groups,
including churches and families, to accept that there's an epidemic," Selders
said. Among other projects, he will work to enlist the help of ministers and
their church leaders.

"I heard a minister say that AIDS is the wrath of God against homosexuals,"
Smith said. "Changing such attitudes will take more than pamphlets - people need
to get to those who have this illness."

A young woman at St. Louis Regional Medical Center agreed that myths about the
disease help keep the epidemic going. After she found she had AIDS, she told
Smith that her family told her to take baths with Clorox to kill the germs.

Because her family wants to keep her disease secret, the woman, 26, asked for
anonymity.

"For a whole year I was first angry, then sorry for myself," she said. "Finally,
I became fed up by people saying HIV is spread by just touching or kissing
people. Now, I speak up. I say: Hey, look at heterosexual me! I have it. You can
get it, too."

Smith told the woman that many homosexuals also refuse to think they can be
infected by having sex.

"I ask some of my friends who have symptoms to get tested for HIV," he said.
"They say: No, I'm afraid to know.' They still believe it's a gay white men's
disease."

"I'm glad I got tested and found out I had HIV - before I got any symptoms,"
Smith said. "If you don't get tested, you're not facing life and you're also
going to spread HIV to unsuspecting people," he said.

"I'm on AZT, and I believe it helps me. I also think I'm still living because I
don't put all my faith in medicines. I stay busy. Every morning I pray for
another day of life to help others."

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, GRAPHIC; (1) Photo by Karen Elshout/Post-Dispatch - Emzy Smith
gets a hug last week from Barbara Crain, a nurse at the infectious diseases
clinic at St. Louis Regional Medical Center. Smith is eager to talk about AIDS
with blacks. (2) Graphic/chart by Post-Dispatch - New HIV Infections Among Black
Males & Females - In St. Louis & St. Louis County, 1987 - 1993*. Source: St.
Louis Metropolitan AIDS Program.

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             527 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 24, 1989, Monday, Final Edition

People Living With AIDS

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE A10; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 516 words


Gary Trudeau's rendering of AIDS issues and people with AIDS in recent editions
of his "Doonesbury" column may have marked a turning point of sorts in the
American experience of the HIV epidemic by enabling some to find humor in
circumstances where once we found only ignorance and pain.

But in the April 14 installment, Mr. Trudeau's physician character explains that
"AIDS care is about helping people cope, helping them die with dignity." This
statement addresses only half of the true picture, because it fails to reflect
two realities: that most people with HIV and/or AIDS are leading normal,
productive lives and that recent advances in AIDS research and treatment are
extending the life expectancy of people with AIDS. The strip's creator thereby
excludes the thousands of individuals who daily confront the even bigger
challenge of how to live positive lives in the face of HIV infection and AIDS.

Research indicates that HIV infection may become, if identified in its early
stages, a manageable, chronic illness. With the advent of new therapies, the
mood of many physicians who have cared for AIDS patients since early in the
epidemic is starting to change.

Richard Chaisson, director of AIDS services at Baltimore's Johns Hopkins
Hospital, says that while "our major role as physicians was comforting the dying
. . . [now] we have something to offer." Dr. Robert M. Wachter of the University
of California-San Francisco, and program chair for the 1990 international AIDS
conference in San Francisco, concurs, noting, "There is a general diminution in
the amount of hopelessness."

Earlier detection of and advanced treatments for the opportunistic infections,
such as pneumocystis pneumonia, that historically have been the primary causes
of AIDS-related deaths, means that people are living longer, less disrupted
lives.

People with AIDS today tend to be better informed about new treatments for the
disease, thereby bringing a more active involvement and positive attitude to
their own care. Physicians, AIDS service providers and people with AIDS speak of
"living with AIDS," which is reflective of the medical advances and better
public information of what eight years ago was a totally unknown, frightening
illness.

We applaud Mr. Trudeau for his brave attempts to introduce a note of humor in
his portrayal of AIDS. But we would remind Mr. Trudeau and the American public
that, according to the latest estimates by the Centers for Disease Control, the
human immunodeficiency virus has infected 1.5 million Americans. Eighty-eight
thousand infected persons have been diagnosed with full-blown AIDS. Of these
diagnosed individuals almost half are living with AIDS. Many refer to themselves
as "PLWAs," people living with AIDS, instead of just "PWAs," people with AIDS.
We would encourage Gary Trudeau to balance his work by focusing on the "L-word"
of the majority who are living, as well as those who will die.

JAMES L. HOLM Acting Executive Director National AIDS Network MICHAEL MERDIAN
Executive Director National Association of People with AIDS Washington

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                             528 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                      June 13, 1988, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Sexual attitudes changed by AIDS Ontario poll finds

BYLINE: By Tom Spears Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 798 words


   Fear of disease has made Ontarians more conservative in their attitudes
toward sex, according to the findings of a Toronto Star poll.

The poll, conducted for The Star by Goldfarb Consultants, shows that most
Ontario residents believe fear of catching AIDS will result in more lasting
marriages and fewer sex partners for singles.

"You're talking about a disease that will have an enormous impact on the way
people will live," says pollster Martin Goldfarb.

In the poll, 199 questions about AIDS were asked in telephone

interviews with 800 Ontario adults from May 18 to 27. Such a sampling is
considered reliable within 3.5 percentage points, 19 times out of 20.

Other findings of the poll include:

* We are tolerant of some AIDS victims, such as children in school, but 35 per
cent think AIDS patients should be quarantined and 20 per cent think the same
should be done for all who carry the AIDS antibody, even if they haven't
developed the disease. As well 38 per cent think there should be compulsory
testing for the AIDS virus for "certain people," chiefly homosexuals,
health-care workers and immigrants.

Explicit education

* We are mostly well-informed about the sources of AIDS. (Some 87 per cent
correctly identified sexual intercourse as one way in which AIDS is transmitted
while only 1 per cent are fearful that they could get AIDS through sharing of
food or toilet seats.) But we want more information on the killer disease,
especially for our children. More than 96 per cent want explicit AIDS education
in schools.

* Most of us are not fearful that we will catch AIDS ourselves. Only 4 per cent
are "extremely worried" about contracting it. (Men and women, as in most of the
questions the poll asked, gave similar answers on this point.) We are four times
more likely to be afraid of catching cancer and three times more likely to be
afraid of getting heart disease. Indeed, more people expressed a fear of dying
in an airplane crash than of contracting AIDS.

But at the same time most of those who answered felt they have been changed by
the emergence of AIDS in our society.

More than two-thirds (68 per cent) of the 800 people polled say we'll be more
inclined to "think conservatively" as a result of AIDS, and more than half (55
per cent) say we're going to behave "in an old-fashioned way" from now on.

Most (67 per cent) say our society will be less inclined to use intravenous
drugs.

Marry younger

Nearly two-thirds (65 per cent) foresee a drop in "homosexual practices" in the
years ahead.

Almost one-quarter (23 per cent) predict that we'll react to AIDS by marrying
younger, and about one in five (21 per cent) even thinks Canadians in the future
will dress "more modestly" as a result of the disease.

On the darker side, some 43 per cent forecast that the fight against AIDS will
bring about a loss of personal freedom, but a majority (55 per cent) say they do
not believe they personally will lose any freedoms.

The poll also found evidence of a new intolerance of homosexuals and immigrants
because of AIDS.

More than 73 per cent say Canadians will be less willing to accept
homosexuality, and 54 per cent think we will be less willing to welcome
immigrants.

As well, respondents think there will be less willingness to accept pre-marital
sex, prostitution and pornography.

But we're very sympathetic to the plight of schoolchidren with AIDS, the poll
shows: 80 per cent of us disagree, most of us strongly, with the suggestion that
children with AIDS should be kept out of school.

Paradoxically, many of us are clearly worried about the chances that our
children will contract AIDS from other children either in school or at day-care
centres.

Less sympathy

About 57 per cent feel children in school are in some danger of contracting
AIDS; 52 per cent think children in day-care centres are at risk.

Adults with AIDS got far less sympathy in the poll: Some 35 per cent want all
AIDS patients quarantined.

To limit the spread of AIDS, 69 per cent approve of giving condoms to prisoners
in jails and 46 per cent think the government should provide free syringes to
intravenous drug users. (Drug addicts have contributed to the spread of AIDS by
sharing contaminated needles.)

As well, most of the poll respondents (63 per cent) say that adults carrying the
AIDS virus, even though they may not have developed the disease itself, should
be barred from holding jobs in hospitals. Although 45 per cent feel that AIDS
carriers should not be allowed to work in restaurants, just 21 per cent think
they should be kept from working in schools.

But about two-thirds of those polled (68 per cent) oppose mandatory tests for
people applying for jobs.

* Tomorrow: Ontario's views on a cure for AIDS.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Star chart sexual attitudes and aids

                  Copyright 1988 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             529 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

               April 16, 1988, Saturday, SATURDAY SECOND EDITION

No cash to fight AIDS, African nations say

BYLINE: (REUTER)

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. K11

LENGTH: 598 words

DATELINE: ABIDJAN, Ivory Coast


   ABIDJAN (Reuter) - Yvonne, a 24-year-old prostitute working outside one of
Ivory Coast's top hotels, carries condoms for protection against AIDS and
insists her customers use them.

"If they won't, I won't go with them," she says.

On the other side of this teeming city of two million, Doris, who's a prostitute
in a shantytown and charges a dollar for her services, knows condoms help
prevent acquired immune deficiency syndrome but doesn't use them.

"I don't do anything" for protection, she says.

West Africa, much of which considered AIDS an invention of the Western media or
a plot to defame Africa, is now confronting the deadly disease.

Bigger killers

But this economically troubled region cannot find cash for basic necessities,
let alone the money to start a massive campaign against AIDS. Many governments,
citing the need to feed their citizens or fight bigger killers such as malaria
or tuberculosis, have put AIDS campaigns on the back burner.

"We have no money," says Dr. Koudou Odehouri, chairman of Ivory Coast's national
AIDS committee.

"We asked (the government) for a photocopying machine and we didn't even get
that," says Odehouri, whose committee's main activity is meeting doctors and
health-care workers to alert them to AIDS.

"We know that distributing condoms to prostitutes would be one way to help. But
the government says it hasn't got the money," says biologist Affoue Sangare, who
did some of Ivory Coast's initial AIDS research.

No equipment

Environment-Development-Action, a private group based in Senegal, says in a
report last year that no black African country has the financial resources to
fight AIDS on the scale of campaigns in North America or Europe.

The report estimated that Cameroon, for example, would have to spend the
equivalent of its entire annual export earnings to screen residents for AIDS.

Ivory Coast, with one of the highest living standards in black Africa, had no
equipment to test for the AIDS virus in blood donations until January.

Odehouri says new equipment, donated by France, can test blood for Abidjan and
its suburbs, home to about a fifth of the country's 10 million people. But
there's no money to buy equipment for the rest of the country.

Although official figures appear to be extremely conservative, the number of
reported AIDS victims is rising.

AIDS belt

Congo, located on what is known as Africa's AIDS belt along with Zaire, Uganda,
Rwanda, Tanzania, Burundi, Zambia and the Central African Republic, had 250 AIDS
cases in 1985. The number increased 500 per cent to 1,250 at the end of last
year, the government reports.

Zaire's Public Health Minister, Dr. Ngandu Kabeya, says that 7 per cent of the
2.4 million people in the capital, Kinshasa, have been exposed to the AIDS
virus.

Nigeria, black Africa's most populous country with an estimated 100 million
people, reported in February that 10 people had died of AIDS, up from five the
previous October.

Other countries that until recently have been little touched are also reporting
AIDS victims.

300 cases

Guinea, according to partial figures, has had at least four AIDS cases, two of
whom have died. Burkina Faso had at least 19 cases by mid-1987; Gabon has had
five AIDS-linked deaths; Mali has had 29 cases since the first AIDS death was
recorded in 1985; and tiny Gambia, with less than a million people, had 44 cases
by early this year.

Ivory Coast, whose health minister reported 118 cases in February 1987, now has
at least 300 cases, although precise figures are not known, Odehouri says.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1988 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             530 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            August 1, 1987 Saturday

AIDS and Business   AIDS spread keeps insurers guessing

BYLINE: ANGELA BARNES; GAM

LENGTH: 1422 words


BY  ANGELA BARNES
 The Globe and Mail
  Insurance companies like to deal with known risks. It is the unknown
that scares them.

So the ever-changing AIDS situation is enough to send shivers down the
spines of more than a few insurance actuaries.

Despite valiant attempts to assess the liability represented by
acquired immune deficiency syndrome, insurers are guessing. They simply do
not know how much the virus is going to cost them. Nor do they know how
much they will have to raise premiums. Higher premiums will almost
certainly result from AIDS claims on group policies, at least, if not on
individual insurance policies, too.

Not surprisingly, then, insurance officials vary tremendously on how
the industry will be affected by the AIDS epidemic. Canadian insurers are
"concerned, but not panicked," said Charles Black, vice-president of
insurance operations for Canadian Life and Health Insurance Association
Inc.

Howard Minuk, chief medical officer for Mercantile and General
Reinsurance Co., a company that deals with primary insurers across North
America, takes a dimmer view. "The costs of (AIDS) are going to be
staggering," he said.

North American insurers could be hit by more than $4-billion in AIDS
claims in the next five years, he suggests. Canadian insurers will share
that cost, not only through claims in Canada, but through claims made by
the families of U.S. policy holders.

Insurers are not just uncertain about what AIDS means to their futures.
They are not even sure what they have already paid out to individuals with
AIDS and their families.

One Canadian insurance company that has kept such statistics is Aetna
Canada, which owns Excelsior Life Insurance Co.

Aetna has paid 20 death benefit claims arising out of the AIDS epidemic
to date, said Andrew Armstrong, medical director.

But the Toronto-based company has got off relatively lightly so far
because the total of those claims is only about $700,000. It could well
have been hit by a single claim for that, or more. One less fortunate
Canadian insurer paid an AIDS-related claim of more than $1-million in
early 1986.

The Aetna numbers are only the tip of the iceberg. Industry-wide
figures are not available, but the CLHIA hopes to rectify that situation
in short order.

For the time being, the best that can be done is an extrapolation of
costs based on the number of AIDS deaths reported to date in Canada. The
National AIDS Centre reports that 1,198 Canadians have contracted the
disease; 615 of them have died.

If general industry averages hold true, about half those victims would
have had life insurance, meaning that between 200 and 300 claims have
arisen as a result. (The equivalent U.S. figure would be about 7,500
claims.)
   The average size of Aetna Canada's AIDS claims was about $35,000. By
extrapolation, that means AIDS has already cost Canadian insurers at least
$7-million, and probably more because of the record-setting $1-million
claim.

The $35,000 average claim experienced by Aetna is in line with the
findings of an extensive study done by the American Council of Life
Insurance. The average AIDS-related death benefit in that survey was
$33,500 (U.S.).

It is known that AIDS claims tend to be substantially higher than life
claims. AIDS death benefits are generally paid on policies that have been
in place for a much shorter time than most life policies, and therefore
those policies have higher face values.

Given the demographics of the AIDS outbreak - 97 per cent of victims
are 20 to 59 years old - an AIDS claim is unlikely to occur on the more
than 55 per cent of Canadian life policies that pay $2,500 or less.

But as the figures show, AIDS claims are not generally as large as the
rhetoric on the subject of insurance companies and AIDS might lead one to
expect.

The average is not higher because many of the victims have group
insurance policies, rather than individual coverage. Group plan policies
typically cover a person for amounts such as twice his annual salary,
rather than for the hundreds of thousands of dollars an individual policy
can be worth. By far, the majority of the Aetna AIDS-related claims came
from group policies.

It is on the group policies that insurers are most vulnerable. They
cannot protect themselves from claims on group policies as well as they
can on individual policies, because individual members of the group are
not required to furnish the insurer with their medical histories.

Insurance companies generally have been ordering AIDS antibody tests
for people wishing to obtain $200,000 or more in coverage, Mr. Black said.
But a group policy is unlikely to be that large.

While insurance companies are not doing widespread testing for AIDS,
there is little denying that testing for the larger policies could be cost
effective. The AIDS antibody test is one of about 14 blood tests that can
be done at a total of $60 (Canadian). Even if only 0.5 per cent of the
AIDS antibody tests prove positive, as is the case now, it still pays.
(Not all who test positive will develop AIDS, but a significant proportion
will.)
   Testing for the antibody became a general industry practice toward the
end of 1985. But by then, some individuals infected with the virus already
had their policies in place.

Before last fall, members of groups that were considered at high risk
for contracting AIDS were more aware of the ramifications of the disease
than insurance companies, and even many members of the medical community.

So, insurers charge, civil rights associations dealing with those
groups in the United States advised their members to load up on insurance
- and not just life insurance, but disability and health protection as
well, before insurance companies became aware of the situation.

Some insurers have complained bitterly that they were "selected
against" by AIDS victims. The fact that nearly one-quarter of the AIDS-
related claims in the American Council of Life Insurance study conducted
in the spring of 1987 were on policies that had been in effect two years
or less partly bears out the complaint.

Mr. Black said he is not aware of any Canadian company that noted a
sudden rush of business.

The question of AIDS testing by insurance companies is controversial,
at best, because of the civil rights implications. But there has not been
the furor in Canada that there has been in the United States.

And Canadian legislators have not seen fit to emulate their
counterparts in states such as California and Wisconsin, where AIDS
testing has been restricted.

Insurers have not had any problems with bar associations, either. A
committee appointed by the Ontario branch of the Canadian Bar Association
agreed that insurers have the right to screen policy applicants.

But then, there is a particularly sinister aspect to the AIDS epidemic
in the United States that is not present in Canada. In the United States,
an AIDS victim can find hospital doors shut in his face if he does not
have private health care insurance.

One positive antibody test and a person can be refused health,
disability and life insurance in the United States.

"I cannot imagine what it is to live with AIDS in the United States,"
said Yvette Perreault, a support counsellor for the AIDS Committee of
Toronto. Tom Stoddard, executive director of the New York-based Lambda
Legal Defense and Education Fund Inc., a group dedicated to protecting and
enhancing civil rights of homosexuals and people with AIDS, said his group
warns people of the dangers of being tested for the antibody.

"We believe everybody should have full knowledge of the consequences
(of being tested) and one of those is making oneself uninsurable."

Information on positive AIDS tests is submitted by insurers to the
Medical Information Bureau, he said, and from there distributed to other
insurers. But Dr. Armstrong of Aetna said the bureau does not collect AIDS
data. Canadian insurers use the bureau.

Lambda also handles complaints of discrimination by insurance
companies. "We get more than 10 inquiries a week (on the subject of
insurance companies and their handling of the AIDS situation), but that is
only the tip of the iceberg," Mr. Stoddard said.

Lawyers associated with Lambda will also litigate some claims of
discrimination.

Again, the situation in Canada is different. "I am not seeing the kind
of horror stories (about discrimination by insurance companies) that have
been reported" in the United States, said Ms Perreault of the Toronto AIDS
committee.

Still, life is not easy for people with AIDS. About half of 180 people
the committee is dealing with have to resort to government assistance to
live. Most do not have disability insurance coverage.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1987 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             531 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                       June 5, 1987, Friday, City Edition

Crisis in U.S. health care seen as AIDS continues spreading

BYLINE: CAROL GENTRY

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 1049 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON



WASHINGTON - Los Angeles can't find enough nurses to care for AIDS    patients
because of widespread fear of infection.

     A big new AIDS clinic in San Francisco already finds it can't    handle its
caseload because there aren't enough examining rooms.

     Harlem Hospital can't find beds for all the AIDS babies who have    been
abandoned or enough money to pay for their care.

     And this is only the beginning. As the AIDS epidemic unfolds it    will
throw the health-care system into crisis, predict delegates at the    Third
International Conference on AIDS.

     "Ultimately we're going to develop a second-class system of care    for
patients with AIDS," warned Dr. Harvey Makadon of Harvard Medical    School.

     Health economists are predicting the cost of providing medical care    for
AIDS patients will be $ 8.5-billion in 1991, up from $ 1.1-billion in    1986.

     Federal and state government spending on Medicaid for AIDS patients    is $
400-million this year, said Elmer W. Smith, AIDS coordinator for    the Health
Care Financing Administration.

     That will rise to $ 600-million next year and to $ 1.8-billion by    1991,
he said.

     Public health officials have predicted that more than 50,000    Americans
will die of AIDS in 1991, and about 175,000 will have the    disease.

     "It's been estimated that 40 percent of all patients with AIDS    will
receive Medicaid at some point," Smith said.

     The taxpayers will be footing the bill for 23 percent of all    medical
expenses for AIDS patients through the Medicaid program, he    said.

     Of course, they'll be paying much of the other 77 percent as well,
through indirect subsidies to hospitals and higher insurance premiums.

     Richard Schweiker, president of the American Council of Life    Insurance,
told the New York Times last week that he is alarmed by the    projected cost.

     "Unless we can check the spread of the disease, we will all pay    one way
or the other for its high cost ...," Schweiker said.

     Dr. Lawrence Crane of Detroit, a delegate at the AIDS conference,    said
at least one insurance company in Michigan refuses to pay for the    drug AZT
(Retrovir) for AIDS patients because prolonging their lives    would cost more
than letting them die.

     Reed Tuckson, commissioner of public health in Washington, D.C.,    fears
for the future.

     "If the private health insurance industry runs away and hides,    we're
heading for a financial catastrophe," he said.

     Four percent of all the beds in New York City on any given day are    now
occupied by AIDS patients, said Dr. Ernest Drucker of Montefiore    Medical
Center in the Bronx.

     "We're coming close in New York City to a sharp confrontation    between
people with AIDS and others needing care," Drucker said.      A city-wide study
done recently showed that between diagnosis and    death, AIDS patients spend 25
percent of their time in the hospital.

     A study presented at the conference on Wednesday showed that in
California, drug users diagnosed as having AIDS die in about six months    and
gay or bisexual men die in just under a year.

     Children survive longer. At Harlem Hospital, the average is 27    months.

      Most of them are born to drug-addicted mothers and many are    abandoned,
said Dr. James D. Hegarty. They never leave the hospital.

     He looked at the cost of AIDS patients' care and found it runs    about $
90,000 a child. The average length of stay, he said, is 129    days.

     Dr. Peter Heseltine of Los Angeles said an outpatient program for    AIDS
patients has had two benefits. The patients are getting better    care, he said,
and they are spending less time in the hospital.

     "Prior to opening the clinic, the average length of stay (for AIDS
patients) was 18 days," Heseltine said. "Now it's 12 days."

     Dr. Philip Berger of Toronto said he doesn't understand why the    United
States doesn't learn from the Canadian health-care system.

     There, he said, the same services are provided "whether you're a    bank
president or a street prostitute."

     "What you need," he said, 'is a national health-care system."

     He received a hearty round of applause.



    In other AIDS-related news:

     Several of the nation's largest insurance companies are planning    drastic
reductions in the amount of life insurance they will offer to    anyone who
refuses to take blood tests for the AIDS virus.

     The insurers said paying off death claims for AIDS victims was a
particular problem for them in New York City, which accounts for 31    percent
of the nation's 20,849 AIDS deaths reported as of last Monday.

     Underwriting practices call for anyone who tests positive for the    virus
that causes AIDS to be generally denied life insurance.



     Sixty-nine percent of hospital doctors believe they can get AIDS    from
their patients and one in four would refuse to treat AIDS patients    if given a
choice, two new surveys show.



     Researchers reported the first known case of a dentist getting an    AIDS
infection through apparent on-the-job contact with AIDS patients.

 Dr. Robert S. Klein of Montefiore Medical Center said the dentist had    no
other risk factors for AIDS. He was one of 1,231 dentists and    hygienists
surveyed.



     A new AIDS virus that is spreading slowly from Africa to nearby
continents will reach the United States, but U.S. experts say it should    not
worsen the current epidemic.

     Dr. Luc Montagnier, of the Pasteur Institute in Paris, said the    HIV-2
virus has been detected in an unspecified number of AIDS patients    in France,
West Germany and Great Britain.



 - Information from AP and the New York Times was used in this report.



LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company


                             532 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                January 18, 1987, Sunday, SUNDAY SECOND EDITION

'We are frightened' by AIDS top U.S. microbiologist says

BYLINE: By Bob Hepburn Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 1024 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


   WASHINGTON - In the next seven days, 220 Americans will die of AIDS - and 10
of them will be lifelong heterosexuals. Several will be babies.

Those grim statistics are putting a new face on AIDS, the dreaded disease
formerly linked solely with homosexuals and Haitians that is spreading into
mainstream America with horrifying speed.

"We are quite honestly frightened" about the future spread of AIDS, says Dr.
David Baltimore, a leading U.S. microbiologist.

Consider, for a moment, these statistics from the health and human services
branch of the U.S. Department of Health:

* Nearly 30,000 Americans have contracted AIDS, nearly all of whom probably will
be dead in a few years, according to the U.S. department of health and human
services.

* About 1.5 million Americans now are infected with the virus, although most
suffer no symptoms and seem normal.

* By the end of 1991, some 270,000 Americans will have been diagnosed as having
AIDS, and 179,000 will have died of it. About 23,000 will be heterosexuals and
4,000 babies who will have contracted the virus while still in their mothers'
wombs.

* By 1991, the proportion of cases

contracted heterosexually will rise sharply.

* Major cities, including New York and San Francisco, which account for 41 per
cent of all AIDs cases so far, will soon have less than 20 per cent as the
disease moves into the rest of the country. Other major spots now include Jersey
City and Newark in New Jersey; Miami and Fort Lauderdale in Florida; Houston and
Dallas in Texas, and Los Angeles, Washington, Atlanta and Boston.

* Costs of annual AIDS patient care will total up to $16 billion by 1991.

Against this bleak background, U.S. health authorities are starting to struggle
for funds to launch massive public education programs aimed at reaching every
school child in the country.

At the same time, legal experts are running into new challenges prompted by the
spread of the disease into the heterosexual community. With the advent of AIDS
testing programs, middle Americans in factories and offices are demanding their
rights of privacy and medical confidentiality. AIDS victims are insisting states
support their fights against discrimination in housing and employment.

Indeed, the swath cut by AIDS is presenting a quandary for U.S. politicians and
corporate executives as well as a challenge for the entire U.S. health system.

Education and public information about AIDS lies at the heart of the U.S. fight
against the deadly disease.

They are the only weapons against AIDS "since there is no cure or vaccine
available," says U.S. Surgeon-General Everett Koop.

In a devastating attack on the U.S. government and local health authorities for
their inadequate AIDS programs, Koop issued a sweeping report last October
urging a nation-wide education plan that would teach all 47 million
schoolchildren the causes of AIDS.

Boost research

Also, he urged Washington to boost dramatically the $411 million designated for
AIDS research and education in 1987.

"We can no longer afford to sidestep frank, open discussion about sexual
practices - homosexual or heterosexual," Koop said. He urged programs start as
early as Grade 3 so children "can grow up knowing the behavior to avoid to
protect themselves from exposure to the AIDS virus."

There must be no softpedalling the problem, he said.

"Educators must be prepared to specify that intercourse - anal or vaginal - with
an infected or possibly infected person and without the protection of a condom
is very risky. They must use whatever vernacular is required for that message to
be understood."

While most states are frightened to tackle the delicate subject in the
classroom, several state governments have authorized ground-breaking programs.

Such diverse states as South Carolina, Florida and California already have
state-wide programs for high school and junior high school students.

Besides distributing free pamphlets about AIDS, the official conducts classroom
discussions about the facts of the disease - for example, a person cannot get
AIDS from foods, forks or knives, shaking hands, the air, sneezing and coughing.

At the college level, officials are gearing up for a major push to inform
heterosexual students about AIDS.

But educators are worried that heterosexual university students are dismissing
the disease as "a gay plague" and do not have enough awareness of the means to
protect themselves.

Besides education, the other new twist to the AIDS story in the U.S. is legal
dilemma caused by housing discrimination and by the firings of AIDS sufferers
from jobs because other workers demanded it.

Last summer, Assistant Attorney-General Charles Cooper wrote a trend-setting
legal opinion that some employers may legally fire AIDS victims if their motive
is to protect other workers - despite doctors' assurances that the disease
cannot be spread through casual contact.

Homosexual activists fear the ruling could lead to mandatory testing of all
workers in federally funded employment. Whether such testing, currently
conducted among military recruits, would violate constitutional rights has never
been settled in court.

The Pentagon now screens all new recruits at a cost of $40 million annually. Any
recruit tested positive for the AIDS virus is barred from the service. The rule
is facing a serious legal challenge, as the military tried to balance its need
for healthy soldiers against individual rights to privacy and medical
confidentiality.

While the federal government struggles with its legal nightmare, a majority of
the 50 states have acted swiftly to adopt policies prohibiting discrimination
based on AIDS.

In the few cases where voters have been asked to decide on AIDS-related
questions, they have consistently come down on the side of more tolerance for
AIDS victims.

Despite progress in AIDS education, the disease will continue to spread rapidly
throughout America. "It will probably be the most important public-health
problem of the next decade and going into the next century," Baltimore says.

Part of a series

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Everett Koop; AP photo school children in New York with placards
protesting AIDS victims in their school.

                  Copyright 1987 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             533 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                     November 30, 1992, Monday, 1* EDITION

Sufferers urged to take lead in AIDS fight

BYLINE: VANSUN

SECTION:  Pg. B5

LENGTH: 462 words


AIDS sufferers hold the key to wiping out the disease, says a Vancouver man who
represents them at an international level.

Don de Gagne says he believes communities should reclaim and take responsibility
for their own diseases and sufferers should play a leading role in treatment and
eradication.

"We don't want to be anybody's patient, or client. We have first-hand experience
with cause and treatment of AIDS. We have to be involved at the highest level of
research and decision making," said de Cagne, who last week returned from a
World Health Organization conference on AIDS, held in Geneva.

Governments and scientists wasted 10 years on blinkered AIDS-control programs
before realizing that sufferers are the font of knowledge, said de Gagne, 35, a
former CBC radio producer, who was diagnosed as having AIDS five years ago.

He retired on a disability pension and became a member of Canada's National
Advisory Committee on AIDS, and a director of the self-help advocacy group,
Vancouver Persons With AIDS society. He travels the world to coordinate programs
on behalf of his fellow sufferers.

The AIDS global network is growing and the international community has started
to recognize people with AIDS as part of the solution, allowing them a role as
researchers and decision makers, he said.

"I had a life before I was diagnosed as a person with AIDS. I'm fighting for my
life and I'm highly movtivated to learn about every aspect of the disease, from
epidemiology to treatment ethics," de Gagne said.

"We have to cut through bureaucratic tangles and webs of red tape. The world is
10 years into the epidemic and we've just begun to realize that the stronghold
of government agencies and scientific communities are losing ground because
they're not finding answers. AIDS control is strangled by arguments among
scientists, fund raisers and politicians who are defending their own turf.

"I don't want to knock what epidmiologists are doing but I think they've steered
the budget for the Global Program on AIDS. They've told us a lot about where the
virus has gone and is going. But we have little support for basic education and
prevention programs."

Last week, B.C. said goodbye to its best-known AIDS educator at the memorial
service for Peter Jepson-Young. Known as Dr. Peter, the 35-year-old physician
reached tens of thousands of people during a two-year period with his AIDS
Diary, a powerful and moving televised account on CBC of how he lived with AIDS.

Asked to sum up his accomplishment with the program, Dr. Peter said: "If I have
managed to reach out and educate people, to touch them and perhaps change their
viewpoint about people with AIDS and gay people . . . then I think that will be
my greatest contribution."


LOAD-DATE: December 1, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AIDS EDUCATOR: Dr. Peter reached people with diary

               Copyright 1992 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             534 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 31, 1992, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Fighting AIDS, and Fighting One Another;
As the Battleground Shifts, Old and Newer Groups Vie for Scarce Funds

BYLINE: By MIREYA NAVARRO

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1572 words


With its staff of one, Mothers of Children With AIDS operates out of a donated
cubicle in a church office. Its brochure was the gift of an advertising agency
and its incorporation papers were filed by lawyers working without charge.

Gay Men's Health Crisis also relies on donations and volunteers, to provide a
wide range of services to people who suffer the symptoms of H.I.V., the virus
that causes AIDS. But G.M.H.C., formed in 1982 by six gay men, has grown with
the epidemic to enter its second decade with a staff of 200 and an annual budget
of $20 million.

The two groups, despite vast differences in resources and constituencies, come
under the same rubric: AIDS organizations. And both are after the same scarce
dollars.

New AIDS Cases

They now stand at the crux of a difficult question brought on by stagnant
government budgets and hard economic times: whether established AIDS groups
should lose some of their funds to new, smaller organizations rooted in black
and Hispanic communities, where many of the new AIDS cases are found.

The issue has come to a head in New York State, where officials say the
tentative budget of the Department of Health's AIDS Institute for the next
fiscal year falls far short of what is needed. The institute has proposed
reducing the grants of some traditional recipients, like Gay Men's Health
Crisis, to expand existing AIDS programs and finance several new ones geared to
minorities, like Mothers of Children With AIDS. The plan has led to open warfare
among AIDS organizations, with Hispanic and black groups publicly denouncing
G.M.H.C. and other large programs for resisting any cuts.

With the exception of G.M.H.C. -- which raises 85 percent of its funds from
private sources -- both large and small AIDS programs depend on government
financing for most of their budgets.

The rift has underscored the diversity of those involved in fighting AIDS and
exposed the imbalance in resources and political clout among the groups. And the
conflict goes beyond one needy group's being pitted against another; it is
likely to determine what services are offered to those infected with H.I.V., and
who gets help.

The needs of the H.I.V.-infected population -- the largest groups are gay men,
intravenous drug users, and black and Hispanic women in poor communities, many
of them mothers whose children are also infected -- can be vastly different.
More important, experts say prevention and social services may be more
effectively delivered by groups attuned to the communities being served. And
AIDS Institute officials say that small organizations can sometimes fill that
role better than larger groups, even those which already serve a large
percentage of minority clients.

A National Problem

AIDS Institute officials say they still hope more money will come out of
last-minute budget negotiations, relieving them of the painful task of
redistribution.

As of yesterday, institute officials said they expected to receive $55.6 million
for the coming fiscal year, up from $51.9 million this year. A total of $371.9
million in state AIDS spending is budgeted for the coming year, mostly for
Medicaid. But the increase is not keeping pace with the needs created by AIDS,
and the same problem is appearing nationwide, Federal officials and AIDS groups
say.

"It's going to be more and more difficult every year," said Gary West, assistant
deputy director of the National Center for Prevention Services within the
Federal Centers for Disease Control. The center experienced a budget cut this
year and anticipates no increase next year.

"Even if we have level funding, level funding actually means reduced services
because there is inflation and the demand for services continue to increase," he
said.

Emphasizing Prevention

Faced with a budget squeeze, New York State health officials are basing the
distribution of funds on the changing pattern of the AIDS epidemic. Early on,
reported cases stemming from homosexual and bisexual activity were a majority in
New York State, but that proportion has declined to 42 percent. In the meantime,
cases stemming from drug use rose to 42 percent, from 31 percent in 1986, and
black and Hispanic residents now account for 63 percent of all cases in the
state, health officials say.

The AIDS Institute says it will review the 400 programs it finances -- including
primary care services in hospitals and education and prevention programs -- to
insure a fair distribution.

AIDS organizations that serve different populations sometimes have conflicting
interests. For instance, groups based in minority neighborhoods usually place
far more emphasis on prevention. They say these programs are particularly
crucial in their communities where there is still great ignorance about how to
avoid H.I.V. infection.

"For the gay community, care is the central issue because there are so many
infected," said Paul A. Kawata, executive director of the National Minority AIDS
Council in Washington, D.C., which represents 300 organizations. "But in
communities of color we still have the opportunity to prevent disease."

Groups that stand to gain from any redistribution of AIDS Institute money say
they would run more prevention programs, including giving clean needles to
intravenous drug users.  They also say that minority-run programs will be more
effective in minority communities.

Children With AIDS

"It has a lot to do with acceptability, not expertise," said Paul Jellinek, vice
president of the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation in Princeton, N.J., which three
years ago gave $17 million to 54 groups for AIDS projects.

Some of the groups offer programs fine-tuned to the needs of the emerging AIDS
population. For instance, Mothers of Children With AIDS, created by a woman who
lost her daughter to AIDS last February, aims to help Hispanic women who care
for someone with the disease, often coping with their own infection at the same
time.

But some advocates worry that redistributing funds is a bad idea, simply because
it suggests that a shift of money, not an increase in spending, will solve the
problem.

"It lets the Federal government off the hook," said Dan Broff, executive
director of the AIDS Action Council, a lobbying group in Washington that
represents 550 organizations. "Our top priority is more money. Had we spent
money early on in the epidemic, the needs wouldn't be as great now."

Oldest and Largest Group

G.M.H.C. officials say any cut in public funds would hurt their clients.
Already, they say, their public financing has not kept pace with the rising
demand for services. The bulk of the agency's money comes from private donations
and from big fund-raisers, like the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey "Circus
for Life" held at Madison Square Garden last Friday.

The oldest and largest AIDS organization in the country, Gay Men's Health Crisis
uses its $1.6 million AIDS Institute grant, one of the largest awarded, for
services ranging from help with daily chores to legal services for its 3,300
clients, 78 percent of whom are gay.

David A. Hansell, the group's deputy executive director for policy, said part of
the answer to the financing problem is to mobilize black and Hispanic
communities, including their more affluent segments, to raise money privately,
as gay groups did in the early part of the epidemic.

"Let's not assume that we've exhausted all the money there is for AIDS," he
said.

But while lauding gay organizations for their pioneering efforts, some say that
the gay response will be hard to emulate, if only because of the generally
higher income and education levels in the gay community. Many minority groups
also say they are competing for a slice of the pie at a huge disadvantage
because the established organizations can pay lobbyists and enjoy the name
recognition that make fund-raisers like G.M.H.C.'s successful. They also have a
proven track record.

Reaching Out to Other Groups

As the giant that dwarfs all others, however, Gay Men's Health Crisis has also
felt a responsibility to help others. It gives 15 percent of the $4 million
raised by the annual AIDS Walk to other AIDS groups and it shares its technical
expertise, for instance.

The organization has also made an effort to reach clients who are not gay. While
it does not accept active drug users, 8 percent of its current clients are
women; 20 percent are former drug addicts, and 41 percent are black or Hispanic.


Difficult Task

G.H.M.C. and 13 other AIDS groups, which represent about 4 percent of the
applicants but receive 25 percent of the AIDS Institute appropriations, have
urged legislators to finance other community groups, but not by taking money
away from them. Meanwhile, minority organizations are lobbying for
redistribution not only of state money but of AIDS-related grants by the Federal
government and the city's Department of Health.

AIDS Institute officials say that the task of reviewing programs will not be
easy.

"The H.I.V. virus continues to burn through disadvantaged minority communities
while it continues to ravage the gay community," Dr. Nicholas A. Rango, director
of the AIDS Institute, said. "The pain experienced by those of us making funding
decisions is caused by the failure of every level of government to take
prevention seriously and to fund adequately for services going to those already
infected."


LOAD-DATE: March 31, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The tentative budget of the Department of Health's AIDS
Institute will finance new AIDS programs, like Mothers of Children With AIDS,
geared to minorities. Ruth Bezares worked at office at Episcopal Mission Society
in Manhattan. (Angel Franco/The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             535 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Asia News Network (ANN)

                            December 12, 2016 Monday

OPINION: Access to justice and legal aid

BYLINE: Muhammad Ali Nekokara

LENGTH: 1029  words


According to a report titled Understanding the Informal Justice System:
Opportunities and Possibilities for Legal Pluralism in Pakistan (2015), 98.2 per
cent of respondents in a survey opined that the poor and lower classes do not
have access to justice in the formal justice system. In the same survey, 42.8pc
felt that women and 25.2pc that landless peasants and agricultural labourers
similarly lack access. One of the reasons for limited access to the formal
justice system, as perceived by half the respondents, is the high legal fees
charged by lawyers.

Access to justice is a fundamental right. The right to legal aid is a basic one
under Article 4 (due process) and under Article 10-A (right to fair trial) of
the Constitution. An adequate legal aid system is one of the prerequisites for
access to justice This acquires more significance in the context of developing
countries due to higher levels of poverty, socioeconomic inequalities, and
serious accessibility and affordability issues.

The World Justice Project report, 2016, on the Rule of Law Index ranked
Pakistan's criminal justice system as being at 81 out of 113 countries, above
Bangladesh (97) but below India (71) and clearly way below most of the 113
countries surveyed. In the civil justice system, the same report ranked Pakistan
even worse (106/113), below Bangladesh (103), Sri Lanka (96) and India (93). On
'accessibility and affordability', Pakistan scores slightly better than India;
however, it lags behind Sri Lanka and Bangladesh.

According to an official report launched by the Ministry of Planning,
Development & Reform in June, about 40pc Pakistanis (around 60 million) live in
multidimensional poverty. Legal aid thus assumes enormous importance in the
context of access to justice where deviance and discrimination are deeply rooted
in the socio-political milieu. Ironically, after almost 70 years of its
existence, the legal aid system in Pakistan is still struggling to take root.

A comparative analysis of the legal aid systems of Bangladesh, India, and Sri
Lanka shows that these countries, although struggling like Pakistan in many ways
in developing effective legal aid systems, have at least established organised
aid structures.

In Bangladesh, the Supreme Court Legal Aid Office was established in 2015 to
provide legal aid in both civil and criminal cases. The structure of legal aid
in Bangladesh is organised under the watch of the Supreme Court at four levels
a) Supreme Court legal aid, b) district legal aid committees, c) upazila
(sub-division) legal aid committees and d) union council legal aid committees.

The National Legal Aid Services Authorities Act, 1987, of India provides for an
organised structure of legal aid and services. The chief justice of the Supreme
Court of India is the patron-in-chief of NALSA and a retired judge of the
Supreme Court works is its executive director. Likewise, there are state,
district and sub-divisional legal aid service authorities on a similar pattern.

In Sri Lanka, The Legal Aid Act, 1978, created the Legal Aid Commission
consisting of nine members, three nominated by the justice ministry and six by
the bar council of Sri Lanka. The LAC provides legal aid services through
regional, district committees and clinics, and also works to promote legal
awareness, training and reforms.

Existing legal aid structures in Pakistan lack ownership at the relevant levels
and performance management mechanisms. For example, district legal empowerment
committees (DLECs) constituted by the Law and Justice Commission of Pakistan
(LJCP) in 2011, in a well-meaning attempt to provide legal aid to deserving
litigants at the district level, lack a) ownership at the most relevant level --
the high courts and the district judiciary, b) effective oversight, and c)
performance management mechanisms.

Consequently, among other things, the rate of disbursement of legal aid under
the DLECs is quite disappointing; 59pc of the funds in Punjab, 91pc in Sindh,
69pc in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, and 95pc in Balochistan allocated to the respective
DLECs between 2012 and 2016 unfortunately remained unspent.

The Pakistan Bar Council, under the Free Legal Aid Rules 1999, also has the
mandate to provide legal aid and create awareness about legal rights. Under
these rules, the Pakistan Bar Council manages central, provincial and district
free legal aid committees. However, these committees lack the capacity and
support to perform the roles assigned to them.

The concerned authorities need to realise their role to address the chronic
neglect of this fundamental right of the citizens. The Ministry of Law, Justice
& Human Rights has to take the lead to engage not only the provincial law
ministries and the Pakistan Bar Council but also the superior judiciary and
civil society to reform the legal aid system.

As a first step, there is a need for a national legal aid framework/authority
with clear structures from the centre and the province down to the level of each
sub-division, to ultimately each union council.

The DLEC rules need to be re-examined to improve engagement, collaboration and
performance management of the DLECs in coordination with the LJCP and the
respective high courts. This will help in building ownership of the DLECs
especially at the provincial level with the high courts and down to the district
courts.

The Pakistan Bar Council Free Legal Aid Rules, 1999, also need to be assessed
with a view to improving their structure, capacity and support through the
provision of a dedicated structure for effective arrangements for legal aid,
training, continuing legal education, sustainable funding streams and effective
oversight.

Last but not least, NGOs must also mark legal aid as a priority area to
complement public-sector initiatives.

An efficient legal aid system can significantly help improve access of
vulnerable sections to justice and reduce legal exclusion. It is crucial to
build the trust of millions of poor people with the justice sector and
importantly, with the political system of the country.

The writer is a former police officer.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/659/2075/97/148151600494.jpg

The writer is a former police officer.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 2075


                       Copyright 2016 Asia News Network.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             536 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education
                               www.chronicle.com

                          September 15, 2016  Thursday

A New Financial-Aid Timeline Could Reshape Admissions. Here's How Colleges Are
Preparing.

BYLINE: Beckie Supiano

SECTION: ADMISSIONS & STUDENT AID; Administration

LENGTH: 2075  words

ABSTRACT

Some institutions have pushed to send admitted students earlier notifications of
their aid - even if that means setting tuition earlier. Others are taking a
wait-and-see approach.

FULL TEXT

[[photo id="78429" crop="landscape_850x566" align="center" size="full-width"
class=""]]

When the Obama administration announced that starting this fall, students would
be able to file the famously complex Free Application for Federal Student Aid
months earlier using older tax data, some predicted that the move could bring
big changes to the admissions process.

It's too soon to know if they were right: Students can't start filing the "early
Fafsa," as some are calling it, until next month.

But many colleges have worked to get ahead of the new process. More than
two-thirds of them plan to make significant changes in their enrollment
procedures because of it, according to a survey by the education-technology
company Cegment Inc. Others are taking a wait-and-see approach.

[[pullquote quote="We wanted to really understand what the implications were,
for families and for us." align="left" size="half-width" inQuotes="yes"]]
Letting students and their parents fill out the Fafsa using older financial
information had been a popular policy recommendation for years. Under the old
system, the Fafsa became available in January and relied on tax data from the
previous year, so, for instance, a student planning to start college in the fall
of 2016 filled out the Fafsa using tax information from 2015.

That timing was far from ideal. Students are encouraged to file the Fafsa as
soon as possible, in part because some kinds of financial aid, including some
states' grant programs, are based on the principle of first come first served.
But many families don't file their taxes until closer to the April deadline for
doing so. Families that had not completed their taxes could apply for aid using
estimated information, which they would have to go back and correct later,
adding a hurdle to an already cumbersome process.

Now that the Fafsa will ask for tax information from the "prior prior year" -
two years back, instead of one - nearly all aid applicants should have the
correct information available. And many more of them will be able to take
advantage of the IRS data-retrieval tool, which lets families transfer their tax
information into the financial-aid form. That should greatly ease the process
for families, and improve the accuracy of the information they submit, too.

While student advocates had long pushed for the shift to prior-prior-year tax
data, the administration's announcement that the Fafsa would be available in
October instead of January came as a surprise to most observers. That new timing
will allow colleges to send out aid awards - which spell out the financial aid a
student can receive for the coming year - at a point in the year when, in the
past, students couldn't even have applied for aid yet. Students, in other words,
could have a full picture of what college would cost them even earlier than
their advocates anticipated.

But there's significant variation in how colleges are responding to the change,
at least in this first year. Nathan Mueller, a principal with the consulting
firm Hardwick Day, calls it a "stratified response": Some colleges - especially
private institutions with rolling admissions - see responding to the early Fafsa
as a strategic opportunity or necessity, he says. Others are waiting to see how
this year goes, or don't think the change will mean much for them.

Earlier Awards

As soon as the Fafsa changes were announced, Tom Willoughby started holding
monthly meetings about them with high-level admissions and financial-aid staff
members at the University of Denver, where he is vice chancellor for enrollment.
"We wanted to really understand what the implications were," he says, "for
families and for us."

Mr. Willoughby figured that at least some families would apply for aid earlier -
and expect an earlier aid award from Denver, too. The group of half a dozen
senior staff members discussed whether the university should change its
admissions deadlines, set tuition earlier, shift aid policies, or communicate
differently with families. They decided to push to get students earlier aid
awards.

That's just what student advocates hoped that colleges would do. On the
traditional timeline, many students find out what they'll pay after aid at a
particular college only a few weeks before May 1, the deadline to decide where
to enroll. That doesn't give them long to make a thoughtful decision.

Colleges build their aid awards based on the cost of attendance, the full amount
students face for tuition, fees, room, board, and other expenses before
financial aid in a given year. In many cases, that number can't be pinned down
until the spring, when colleges set their tuition for the coming year. So
colleges that want to send earlier aid awards must either move up the
tuition-setting process or send out estimated awards.

In April, Mr. Willoughby proposed to the university's board that it set tuition
in September instead of January, and the board voted to do so.

So when Denver sends out early-action and early-decision admissions offers this
December, they will be paired with final aid awards. That move will give
applicants lots of time to consider the financial aspects of their college
decision. Denver will do the same with the offers in its "early decision II"
cycle, in February. Those earlier awards will help many of the university's
students: About 60 percent of the class usually comes in through
early-admissions programs, Mr. Willoughby says. The university also plans to
send aid awards with regular admissions decisions, which go out in March, when
possible.

A Question of Flexibility

Susquehanna University, which is on rolling admissions, also plans to send
earlier aid awards, says Madeleine Rhyneer, vice president for enrollment and
marketing at the Pennsylvania institution. "If we have offered you admission,"
she says, "we are going to send you a financial-aid package four or five days
later." Like Denver, it brings in a large portion of the class early in the
admissions cycle, meaning that many admitted students will have a long time to
mull over their aid awards.

And incoming students aren't the only ones who will benefit. Susquehanna also
plans to give returning students earlier aid awards, Ms. Rhyneer says, hopefully
in March or April, before students take their finals and leave for the summer.

[[relatedcontent align="right" size="half-width"]] While Ms. Rhyneer thinks that
the early Fafsa is a boon for families, she sees a potential drawback for
colleges. A student who accepts admission, final aid offer in hand, in January
could go months without making any kind of next step toward enrollment. That
kind of lag time concerns admissions officials because it might make students
more likely to melt, or not enroll as planned.

To fill in part of that long wait, Ms. Rhyneer worked with colleagues across the
university to bump up two other parts of the process for students who've decided
to enroll. They'll now get dorm assignments earlier, and will be able to
register sooner for their first-year seminars. Susquehanna will also move one or
two of its preview days for admitted students earlier.

Admissions officers have other worries about that long wait. It gives students
time to fall out of love with a college that turns out to be expensive. And it
gives families more time to try to negotiate for additional financial aid.

But those are worries for colleges, not students, Ms. Rhyneer says. At
Susquehanna, more than a quarter of students receive Pell Grants, and about a
third are first-generation students: exactly the sorts of students the federal
policy change was designed to help. Serving such students is important to
Susquehanna, she says, and here was a way to help them.

Besides, Ms. Rhyneer says, a small, private college like Susquehanna has the
flexibility to make changes quickly.

[[pullquote quote="There's a lot of unknowns." align="left" size="half-width"
inQuotes="yes"]] Not every college is in that position. At the University of
California at Santa Barbara, "we are in the camp of not doing much of anything
initially," says Michael Miller, interim assistant vice chancellor for
enrollment management and financial-aid director. "There's a lot of unknowns,"
he adds.

The new financial-aid timeline may be particularly confusing for students
applying to the University of California, which does not accept admissions
applications until November, Mr. Miller says. Prospective students, in other
words, will be able to apply for financial aid before they can apply for
admission, making their first point of contact a campus aid office. Even so, Mr.
Miller likes the idea of getting aid information to students more quickly.

Unintended Consequences

While the shift to the early Fafsa is widely seen as an improvement for
students, even those in favor of it worry about unintended consequences.

Experts agree that the changes are likely to make it harder for colleges to
predict yield, the percentage of admitted students who enroll.

Phil Trout, a college counselor at Minnetonka High School, in Minnesota, worries
that such uncertainty will push colleges to bring in even more students through
their early-decision programs, which have binding admission. Such programs tend
to attract more-affluent applicants, for whom financial aid won't play a pivotal
role in the college decision, raising concerns about equity. Besides, says Mr.
Trout, president of the National Association for College Admission Counseling,
many high-school students are simply not ready to make a decision that early in
the year.

The National College Access Network has been monitoring another potential
downside for students: Some colleges have responded to the new Fafsa timeline by
moving up their suggested submission dates for the forms, often known as
"priority deadlines." The group fears that doing so could disadvantage
low-income students if, for instance, later submission results in a
less-advantageous aid package. Some colleges warn that it might, but there's no
standard policy regarding priority deadlines.

The network isn't alone in that worry. Last month the Education Department -
which has encouraged colleges to send out earlier aid awards - sent a letter to
college presidents asking them, among other things, not to change their
deadlines. "Early priority aid deadlines," the letter says, "most negatively
impact students from low-income backgrounds and first-generation students who
often have the least amount of information and support."

Not everyone agrees with that reasoning. Hardwick Day has suggested that
colleges "institute additional priority deadlines," Mr. Mueller says. What the
network is probably worried about, he says, is colleges giving less aid to
students who miss deadlines. That's not something the firm advises. The better
use of deadlines, Mr. Mueller says, is to provide "a nudge for students to
submit the Fafsa."

Arizona State University has moved its Fafsa priority date from March 1 to
January 1, says Melissa Pizzo, dean of admission and financial-aid services.
While the deadline has moved up, students will have a longer window between when
the Fafsa opens and the deadline than they did in the past, Ms. Pizzo says. "We
are giving them 30 additional days for that priority date," she says.

And even though the deadline is earlier, students can continue to file the Fafsa
after it passes. Those who miss the priority date will still be in the running
for academic scholarships, and those who qualify for the university's College
Attainment Grant Program, which fills in the gap between other grants and the
sticker price of tuition for Pell-eligible Arizona residents, will still get
that money, Ms. Pizzo says.

The university plans to start sending aid awards quite a bit earlier than it did
in the past - in December, rather than March. That, Ms. Pizzo says, will give
students much more time to make a fully informed enrollment decision.

Whether or not that extra time will work in the university's favor is something
that ASU, like other institutions making similar moves, won't find out for
months.

Beckie Supiano writes about college affordability, the job market for new
graduates, and professional schools, among other things. Follow her on Twitter
@becksup, or drop her a line at beckie.supiano@chronicle.com

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: President Obama spoke last fall at North High School in Des Moines
about college access and the importance of completing the Fafsa.
Charlie Neibergall, AP Images
A New Financial-Aid Timeline Could Reshape Admissions. Here's How Colleges Are
Preparing. 1

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved


                             537 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                            February 26, 2016 Friday

'Tied aid' is better than no aid

BYLINE: Syed Mohammad Ali

LENGTH: 712  words


The shortest answer to the question of whether it is a good idea for European
nations to scale back their international aid commitments to meet the costs of
hosting the influx of refugees into their countries from conflict-torn countries
like Syria or Iraq, is 'no'. To help better understand why any scaling back of
existing international aid commitments will be bad news for not only countries
which are recipients, but also for those who are major aid donors, requires us
to step back and think of the bigger picture. Before commenting on rechannelling
aid to address the refugee crisis, one needs to understand how the use of
international aid works, or doesn't.

For  decades, increasing amounts of foreign aid has been allocated for the
purpose of achieving the goal of development across countries in Asia, Africa
and South America. Despite the more recent entrants to the international
development arena, such as China or the Gulf states, the most prominent
international aid donors include European nations, Japan and the US (leaving
aside the Soviet bilateral aid to its allies within the Cold War context).
Billions in development aid is still channelled annually to different developing
countries through the bilateral commitments of major donor agencies such as the
United States Agency for International Development, the UK's Department for
International Development, the Japanese International Corporation Agency, and
the Canadian International Development Agency.

While in dollar terms the amount of international aid seems impressive, rich
countries allocate a meagre proportion of their wealth. In fact, most wealthy
countries, with the exception of Scandinavian countries and the UAE, in recent
years, have not been able to keep their pledges (some of which were made back in
the 1970s) to dedicate 0.7 per cent of their annual national income to providing
aid to countries which need it.

Still, at least, international aid contributions have been growing in recent
years. In 2014, the total amount of aid contributions by the world's richest
states increased to an all-time high of $135 billion. While one would imagine
that this upward trend in aid contributions is great news for alleviating
poverty and deprivation around the globe, such an assumption would be
misleading. Although 2014 saw international aid contributions grow to a record
level, the annual contributions to the least-developed countries actually fell
by 16 per cent from the year before.

While the provision of international aid is accompanied by much rhetoric of
goodwill, the reality of aid provision is tied to several vested interests.
Rather than being disbursed on the basis of humanitarian need alone, it is more
often used to influence developing countries to achieve the geo-strategic
interests of donor nations and also to compel them to undertake economic reforms
such as opening up their markets to an established international economic order.

Another major problem with international aid is that rich countries often
allocate a substantial amount of their foreign aid budgets to stimulate their
own economies by purchasing expensively sourced goods and services for
development projects from within their own countries. There have been demands to
move away from this concept of 'tied aid', but doing so in practice has not been
easy.

Given this scenario, it is now easier to understand the current compulsion of
European nations to cut back their existing international aid commitments and to
divert these funds to meet the cost of the ongoing refugee crises.

International civil society organisations are protesting signals from within the
European community to deflect aid meant for poor countries to host refugees who
have managed to cross their domestic borders. They are rightly warning that such
a move would be a big blow to the global fight against poverty and inequality.
Moreover, any decrease in aid commitments under an already flawed aid system
will make achieving global development goals more difficult and exacerbate not
only human suffering, but also conflicts and economic desperation, which in this
globalised world, will only lead to an increase in not only refugees but also
economic migrants, desperate to get across into the richer countries of the
world.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             538 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Scottish Daily Mail

                            April 23, 2015 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

NHS aids are better than you think!

BYLINE: THEA JOURDAN

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 52

LENGTH: 1421 words


O YOU think you have a hearing problem - what now? The first thing you need to
do is see your family doctor.

SOnce your GP has ruled out other temporary causes of hearing loss, such as
infection, they should refer you to an audiologist at your local hospital - the
average wait to be seen is five weeks, according to the latest NHS figures
(although research shows 45 per cent of patients seeing their GP for the first
time for hearing loss don't get referred to a specialist on that visit).

You can be referred directly to an audiologist, or your GP may also send you to
see an Ear, Nose and Throat doctor first if they suspect something else could be
affecting your hearing, for instance, if you also have tinnitus, balance
problems or if you are under 40. An audiologist will run tests to determine if
you need hearing aids and also the type that will work best.

Once you've seen an audiologist, it can take six to 12 weeks for your hearing
aids to be fitted. How long depends on the type you need and whether impressions
of your ear need to be taken, and where you live.

Most patients receive their hearing aid within the 18-week NHS target, either
through a specialist NHS audiology clinic or an approved High-Street provider
such as Boots or SpecSavers. However, many face long delays receiving hearing
aids. It was recently reported that in North Staffordshire, NHS bosses have
withdrawn funding altogether for hearing aids for people with mild hearing loss
- a move experts fear other health authorities could follow as a way of saving
the NHS money. The vast majority of NHS patients with hearing loss are given
digital hearing aids. These rest behind the ear and send sound picked up by a
tiny microphone into the ear through either an earmould or a small, soft tip.
They are battery-operated and bought in bulk by the NHS.

Other types of battery-operated hearing aids are available on the NHS, but only
in a minority of cases for medical reasons as they are more expensive.

'Historically, the NHS had really bad hearing aids - however, since 2000, it has
had access to state-ofthe-art technology, and digital behind-the-ear hearing
aids are now standard,' says Dr Huw Cooper, chair of the British Society of
Audiology and a consultant audiological scientist in Birmingham.

'The process of sound and the quality of hearing they provide is good, and they
can be programmed to suit the patients' needs.' HOWEVER, there are drawbacks to
this type of hearing aid. Sitting behind the ear, they are cumbersome and
noticeable; they can also clash with glasses and are not waterproof, according
to Peter Sydserff, president of the British Society of Hearing Aid Audiologists.

'Many patients would rather have something more discreet or invisible, something
that is smaller and fits inside the ear, that other people can't see,' he adds.

Another problem is that while in some parts of the country, patients with
hearing loss in both ears will receive two hearing aids, in others, they will
receive only one - and in some, none at all.

Sometimes you are given just one to allow you to get used to it before the
second is fitted, though some NHS Trusts now offer only one hearing aid, unless
patients specifically request two. Action on Hearing Loss says this is being
done to save money, and if you have hearing loss in both ears, you should be
offered two aids.

'Unfortunately, hearing aids are seen as a bit of a Cinderella service and
cutting budgets in this area is seen as an easy hit and a way to save the NHS
money,' says Dr Cooper. 'It is only fair that patients with hearing loss should
get help on the NHS and the standard should be two hearing aids if both ears
have hearing loss. However, there is variety in the services offered around the
country and that is very worrying.' Fitting services can also vary, with some
patients unable to wear their hearing aid because it is uncomfortable. Ideally,
you should be offered a face-to-face follow-up appointment, around eight to 12
weeks after your hearing aids have been fitted, for any adjustments.

But Action on Hearing Loss says follow-up appointments aren't always given.
Instead, it is done over the phone - and sometimes not at all.

Replacement batteries for your hearing aids are provided by the NHS for free.
You will given a brown book, known as a battery issuing book, which lists where
you can collect new batteries from (you must show your brown book to receive the
batteries).

While an NHS hearing aid is free, you may be charged for a replacement if you
lose it.

If you go privately, there is a huge range of hearing aids available, from those
that fit completely inside the ear to ones with wireless technology that sync
with smartphones and DAB radios. However, they also vary widely in price, from
£495 for two hearing aids to £3,000.

Before buying a hearing aid privately, always make sure the audiologist is a
member of the Health and Care Professions Council (HCPC) and they have the
letters RHAD (Registered Hearing Aid Dispenser) after their name.

WHICH? also advises checking the trial period with money-back guarantee,
warranty, policy on servicing, maintenance, parts and follow-up appointments,
and always recommends looking at more than one brand. 'Quality of private care
does vary, so patients need to be careful where they go,' says Dr Cooper.

Given the expense of private hearing aids, make sure they are covered on your
insurance. Most companies will add them to your contents insurance.

You are still entitled to NHS hearing aids if you have previously bought one
privately. ¦ ACTION on Hearing Loss run free drop-in sessions for people with
NHS hearing aids, and can help with minor repairs, cleaning and battery
replacement. Call 0808 808 0123 to find one near you.

Don't be too shy to wear one AS MANY as 600,000 people don't wear their hearing
aids - often because they feel embarrassed, but also because they can experience
problems such as poor fit, or infections (see box below left for advice). But
not wearing your hearing aids won't just affect your ability to hear.

'People who struggle to hear the world around them miss out and can start to
feel isolated,' says Nick Clive an audiologist at London Hearing. Worrying
research has linked not wearing a hearing aid to increased risk of dementia. One
theory is that people who cannot hear well, and fail to use a hearing aid,
gradually become socially cut off - a known risk factor for dementia.

'It could also be linked to auditory deprivation,' says Mr Clive. 'The brain is
not being stimulated, and this affects neural plasticity - the ability of nerves
to carry messages.' He advises wearing your hearing aids as soon as hearing loss
is diagnosed.

KEEP IT CLEAN TO BANISH BUGS HEARING aids can make you prone to ear infections,
which can put some people off them. 'The hearing aid itself may be dirty,'
explains George Murty, a consultant ENT surgeon at University Hospitals of
Leicester. 'And if it's not a perfect fit it can cause abrasions of the ear
canal, which make it easier for bugs to get in. Also, a hearing aid can prevent
wax and debris getting out, blocking the ear canal.' The following may help: ¦
IF YOU have repeated infections, your hearing aid supplier may be able to 'vent'
the hearing aid - putting a hole in it to help air get it in. 'Some bacteria
flourish when there is no oxygen', says Mr Murty.

YOUR ear canal can change shape. 'It's not uncommon for it to change, even in
adults,' says Mr Murty. 'This can affect the fit of the hearing aid, so you may
need a new mould to be taken.' ¦ KEEP your hearing aids clean.

If using ones with ear moulds, wipe them every night with a soft, dry cloth or
tissue, taking care not to get the main part wet. Nick Clive, an audiologist at
London Hearing, suggests cleaning the earmould with antimicrobial wet wipes from
a hearing centre.

'If you have a hearing aid that sits behind the ear, once a week remove the ear
mould from the hearing aid and wash it (check with your audiologist for precise
instructions). Avoid pulling the tubing out of the ear mould as you may not get
it back in.

Consider a drying kit - such as a box containing a UV lamp which dries out the
hearing aid overnight - to keep to the device free from moisture caused by
sweating, advises Mr Clive.

If you use in-the-ear hearing aids, don't wash them - wipe with a dry tissue and
remove wax from the opening with a soft, dry brush; avoid poking anything into
the opening.

AVOID using hairspray when hearing aids are in place - it can clog up the
sensitive microphones.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMLscot


                    Copyright 2015 Associated Newpapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             539 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 16, 2015 Monday

Massachusetts: Director of Financial Aid

LENGTH: 1045  words

DATELINE: Boston


Division of Human Resources, The State of Massachusetts has issued the following
job opportunities:

Director of Financial Aid
Director of Financial Aid
Agency Name: Massachusetts Bay Community College
Official Title: Director of Financial Aid
Functional Title: Director of Financial Aid
Occupational Group: Other
Position Type: Not Given
Full-Time or Part-Time: Full-Time
Salary Range: $85,000.00 to $95,000.00 Annually
Bargaining Unit: N/A
Shift: Day
Confidential: No
Number Of Vacancies: 1
City/Town: Wellesley
Region: METRO BOSTON
Facility Location:
Application Deadline: 04-15-2015
Apply Online: No
Posting ID: J46758
Duties:

Position Summary:

The Director is responsible for the overall management and leadership of the
Financial Aid office. Responsibilities include supervision and coordination of
the Financial Aid office at the College, oversight of financial aid programs,
monitoring and implementation of federal and state regulations and quality
control of financial aid data and financial aid outreach efforts to prospective
students and families.

Key Responsibilities and Duties:
o Supervises and ensures compliance with and the implementation of federal and
state regulations as they relate to college policies and as they apply to
financial aid awards, including work study program, including responsibility for
required reporting such as the FISAP;
o Maintains and provides leadership for a standard of superior service to all
customers, fosters positive relationships and works collaboratively with
faculty, staff, and students and provides leadership to financial aid department
staff;
o Develops and leads efforts to build and manage a strategic, student orientated
plan for the College for Financial Aid opportunities for students in
collaboration with the Offices of Admissions, the Registrar, Student Accounts,
Advising, Information Technology and the Fiscal Office. Markets and promotes
programs that outreach to prospective and current students regarding
availability of financial aid opportunities in collaboration with the College's
Marketing Department. Conducts financial aid information presentations for
current and prospective students both on and off campus, including outreach and
education on FAFSA completion. Integrates financial aid as a core component of
recruitment and enrollment mission and events;
o Lead responsibility in maintaining PeopleSoft Financial Aid module. Works in
concert with various College departments responsible for PeopleSoft modules that
interface with the College's Financial Aid module. Works with OIT support,
including PeopleSoft Functional Analyst, regarding technical support of the
Financial Aid module;
o Oversees the timely implementation and processing of applications, award
letters, need analysis and payments for the Financial Aid office;
o Coordinates withdrawals and the transfer monitoring process in accordance with
federal requirements;
o Keeps current on all Title IV, federal, and state financial aid regulations
and disseminate information to relevant departments;
o Ensures that Financial Aid office staff remains current about student aid
programs and recent changes in the college federal and state regulations;
o Establishes a review process that ensures that academic records and standards
of satisfactory progress are being met and submission of reports appropriately;
o Works with the College's Foundation and Grants department to award
scholarships;
o Interprets, recommends, develops and implements policies and procedures to
meet federal and state rules and regulations for the proper operation of student
financial assistance programs;
o Updates and maintains a Financial Aid Procedures Manual;
o Member of the College's Enrollment Managers' Committee, A133 Compliance
Committee and other committees at the College as assigned;
o Serves as the non-voting Financial Aid representative on the Student Appeals
Committee for appeals of Financial Aid;
o Manages and forecasts contracts and budgets for the department;
o Other duties as assigned.
Qualifications:

o Master's degree in a related field from an accredited institution;
o Minimum of 8 years progressive responsibility experience in the area of
student financial aid;
o Possess a high level working/technical experience with computerized financial
aid systems;
o Ability to work well in a diverse community;
o Experience with spreadsheet applications;
o Have a comprehensive understanding of federal Title IV and state regulations
regarding Financial Aid and associated reporting requirements;
o Experience working with a student centric databases;
o Respect and understanding of people with diverse backgrounds, abilities, and
needs;
o A commitment to working in a collective bargaining environment.
Preferred Qualifications:

o Knowledge of computerized financial record system, PeopleSoft preferred;
o Knowledge of higher education principles, practices, and procedures;
o Strong written and oral communications skills;
o Ability to work efficiently with diverse faculty, staff and student body;
o Superior leadership skills to motivate, train, and deal with sensitive
employee relations;
o Prior supervisory experience;
o Commitment to supporting an inclusive environment on campus.
Comments:

Education: Master's Degree required

Salary Range: $85,000-$95,000

Classification: Non-Unit Professional

Source of Funding: State Appropriation

Deadline: March 26, 2015 or thereafter until filled.

Massachusetts Bay Community College does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age or handicap in admission or
access to or treatment or employment in its programs and activities. Any
inquiries or complaints concerning compliance with the regulations implementing
Title IV, Title VII, Title IX, Age Discrimination Act of 1975 or Section 504,
may contact Robin Nelson-Bailey at 781-239-3171 who is the College coordinator
for those statutes. Inquiries may also be directed to the Assistant Secretary
for Civil Rights, U.S. Department of Education, Washington, D.C., 20202, or the
Director, U.S. Department of Education, Office for Civil Rights, Region One,
Boston, MA 02109.

Hiring is contingent upon a successful CORI clearance.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             540 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 4, 2014 Tuesday

Financial Aid Business Analyst (Reg FT)

LENGTH: 1000  words


Washington, D.C.: American Bankers Association has issued the following Job
release


Financial Aid Business Analyst (Reg FT)
Job ID:  21075946
Position Title:  Financial Aid Business Analyst (Reg FT)
Company Name:  Community College of Allegheny County
Job Function:  Business
Location(s):  Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, 15233, United States

Posted:  November 3, 2014
Entry Level:  No
Job Type:  Full-Time
Min Education:  BA/BS/Undergraduate
Min Experience:  3-5 Years
APPLY FOR THIS JOB
Apply URL:  http://apptrkr.com/540550
Save Job  Email Job  Print Job
Job Description

Financial Aid Business Analyst (Reg FT)

Community College of Allegheny County

General Summary
Provides systems support and training to the College's financial aid offices,
manages and processes data, documentation and maintenance of financial aid
business processes, assisting in the development and maintenance of policies and
procedures to provide quality control and compliance using all available
technology, providing electronic file maintenance, providing cross-departmental
communication to ensure flow of data, developing system enhancements to include
automatic packaging, tracking C codes, SAP, award letters, automated
verification and files transferred to and from Common Origination and
Disbursement (COD) and Central Processing Services (CPS).

Job Duties
1. Serves as the primary liaison with Information Technology Services and
Financial Aid.
2. Assists College Director of Financial Aid with daily import and export
processes between Department of Education and the College's Ellucian Colleague
system.
3. In consultation with Information Technology Services, maintains a working
knowledge of financial aid processes, Colleague Financial Aid screens and
software, including but not limited to Ellucian Colleague, TD Client, Image Now,
Common Origination and Disbursement (COD), federal Central Processing Services
(CPS), Student Aid Internet Gateway (SAIG), National Student Loan Data System
(NSLDS) and Pennsylvania Higher Education Assistance Agency (PHEAA). Monitors
financial aid procedures and assures that data entry standards are followed and
that the FA operations process manual is kept current annually. Works with
College Director of Financial Aid to test patches and upgrades regularly and
timely.
4. Maintains a clear and thorough understanding of current systems environment.
Carries out fact finding and problem analysis where applicable. Completes test
scenarios and works with related departments to ascertain testing effects.
Working closely with the College Director of Financial Aid, troubleshoots and
resolves processing and setup errors within the Financial Aid Colleague module;
pays attention to issues that arise as a result of modifications to related
modules of the system.
5. Works closely with the College Director of Financial Aid and Information
Technology Services to continually grow the system and improve business process
operations within the Financial Aid Office. Assists with the automation of
standard processes i.e. packaging and SAP.
6. Provides financial aid advice, support and training to campus financial aid
staff; provides user support, documenting system for end users, Financial Aid
Offices and Information Technology Services conforming to institutional
standards. Ensures that documentation standards established by Information
Technology Services are used within the Financial Aid Office. Presents and
provides training on new financial aid initiatives.
7. Discusses and reviews federally mandated financial aid hardware and software
needs of the Financial Aid Office with the College Director of Financial Aid and
Information Technology Services. Makes recommendations regarding acquisition of
new equipment and software to the College Director of Financial Aid.
8. Assists the College Director of Financial Aid in developing and generating
federal, state and institutional statistical reports.
9. Assists with annual setup of the financial aid module.
10. Works with Information Technology Services in development and creation of
reports and protocols to replace existing manual processes.
11. Performs other related duties as required or assigned.

Job Specifications
Bachelor's degree (master's preferred) in computer science, business
administration, statistics, management information systems or related field.
Four years professional experience in financial aid systems set up, analysis and
operation; basic understanding of financial aid and integrated student systems.
Must have the ability to work independently and as a member of a team to
accomplish set goals and objectives by established timelines; prioritize and
balance multiple tasks/projects concurrently and respond to emergency situations
effectively. Must have the ability to provide well developed verbal and written
communication to present and exchange technical or complex information; strong
analytical and problem solving ability. Direct experience with Ellucian
Colleague highly preferred. Accounting and general ledger experience a plus.

Work location and additional information
This position will remain open until filled. However, in order to ensure
consideration for an interview, please submit your completed application, cover
letter and resume by no later than November 16, 2014. The College cannot
guarantee that application materials received after this date will be considered
or reviewed.

Job Category
Administrator

Job Type
Full-time

Campus
Office of College Services

Department
Financial Aid

All applicants must apply online at: http://www.ccacjobs.com. The College's
online application system will allow you to complete a college application,
apply online, answer screening questions, and attach a resume, cover letter and
other documents.

EOE


Copyright ©2013 Jobelephant.com Inc. All rights reserved.
Posted by the FREE value-added recruitment advertising agency

jeid-09e06af007b660651486c936c812c1ae


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             541 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education

                            November 5, 2012  Monday

Research Student Aid Before You Reform

BYLINE: Andrew P. Kelly

SECTION: COMMENTARY; Opinion & Ideas

LENGTH: 1396  words

ABSTRACT

We need long-term longitudinal studies on what kinds of aid really work.

FULL TEXT

After four years of significant growth, the Pell Grant program faces in 2014
what has been called a "funding cliff." The looming shortfall has set off a
heated debate about how to put the program-and our entire student-financial-aid
system-on a path that is more sustainable and better serves students.

Behind the sound bites of the presidential election, many researchers, wonks,
advocates, and foundations have become involved. This fall, for instance, the
Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation awarded grants to an array of organizations
tasked with reimagining the design and delivery of financial-aid programs. (I am
a part of one project, organized by HCM Strategists.)

The discussions under way go beyond temporary fixes to financing issues; they
are asking important questions about the future shape of financial aid. How can
scarce money be allocated more efficiently? Can reforms help more students
complete college while maintaining a commitment to ensuring them access to
postsecondary education?

As the Pell Grants and other financial-aid programs come under scrutiny, people
leery of changing them caution that any modifications must be "research based."
William J. Goggin, executive director of the federal Advisory Commission on
Student Financial Assistance, recently warned that any effort to focus on
college completion rather than access must be carefully weighed. "The burden of
proof should be on those who say you can redistribute and come out ahead," he
told Inside Higher Ed. The nonprofit Center for Law and Social Policy said in a
news release that revisions must be "backed up with data showing that change is
needed and that the proposed changes will help-not hurt-needy students."

Those warnings illuminate the hulking elephant in the room: the sheer lack of
rigorous, thoughtful research examining the impact of financial aid on student
success. Simply put, current research doesn't answer basic questions about how
changes in financial-aid programs would affect student behavior.

Most studies have focused on the factors that shape enrollment decisions, or on
the overall impact of specific programs. But few have attended to how the
presence or absence of aid actually affects students' decisions about their
education. As the researchers Sara Goldrick-Rab, of the University of Wisconsin
at Madison, and Douglas N. Harris, of Tulane University, recently argued in a
paper on improving education research, we simply do not know enough about which
kinds of financial-aid programs work best, for which students, and in what ways.

In other words, if we want to develop effective and efficient financial-aid
policy, based on facts rather than fiction, then policy makers need to get
serious about investing in research and development.

What is needed are large-scale, longitudinal studies in which students are
randomly assigned to receive either their regular aid packages or
variations-such as additional aid, aid that is dispersed in different ways, or
aid that comes with additional counseling. Studying differences in behavior
between randomly selected groups of students who receive aid and those who don't
can allow researchers to distinguish the independent impact of that aid.

But randomized control trials of financial-aid programs are exceedingly rare.
Until this year, federal policy makers had never called for these kind of
"experimental" studies of the Pell program-or of financial aid in general.

The Coalition for Evidence-Based Policy, a nonpartisan group that runs a
clearinghouse of rigorous social-policy research, lists just two studies under
its "postsecondary education" section, neither of which examines the effect of
different aid programs on student success. (One is a study of completion of the
Free Application for Federal Student Aid, or Fafsa; the other a study of the
effects of a mentoring program.) So while cost is often cited as a reason that
low-income students do not complete college, as the Stanford University
economist Eric Bettinger noted recently, "There is surprisingly little research
on how need-based aid programs affect students' collegiate outcomes."

Experimental evaluations have become de rigueur in other areas of social policy.
In the past two decades, federal programs like Head Start, Job Corps, Upward
Bound, and those under the Job Training Partnership Act and Workforce Investment
Act have all been subjected to large-scale random-assignment analyses of their
effectiveness.

Null results for the impact of programs like Head Start and Upward Bound have
disheartened advocates and stirred controversy, but those studies have helped
inform policy makers about what's effective and what's not. Demonstration
projects in Medicaid, welfare, food stamps, and children's health insurance have
also fostered program innovation.

Without research and development on financial aid, federal policy makers have
been limited in their ability to answer basic questions about the effect of
existing programs on student success, let alone to propose promising changes in
existing programs. The lack of research also sets up a Catch-22: Reformers have
trouble making a case for policy change, while conducting such research requires
experimenting with reforms that the advocates of programs may resist on the
grounds that they are not research-based.

But there are signs of progress. First, a handful of randomized studies of
financial aid are under way. MDRC, a company known for its experimental analyses
of welfare policy in the 1990s, has carried out a series of randomized studies
of performance-based scholarships. The awards are based on both academic
performance and financial need. Early results suggest that at most colleges
studied, the scholarships have had immediate, positive effects on academic
performance and credits earned.

MDRC and the nonprofit Institute for College Access and Success have also
started pilot "aid as a paycheck" programs, in which students at community
colleges receive their aid in regular increments over the course of a term
rather than in one lump sum.

The Wisconsin Scholars Longitudinal Study, directed by Goldrick-Rab, is a
statewide experiment that examines the impact of a privately financed,
need-based award on Pell Grant recipients at public two-year colleges. So far,
results suggest that $1,000 of additional aid is associated with a
two-to-four-percentage-point increase in rates of retention from the first to
second year of college. The study is also using survey and interview data to
examine the contexts in which aid is most effective, and where its delivery may
have unintended results. For instance, when students expect more aid than they
get, it may affect how they do in college.

Second, the federal government is finally getting its act together. This past
summer, the Department of Education announced the first-ever federal Pell Grant
experiments. The program will study two changes in Pell eligibility. The first
will provide bachelor's-degree holders with access to Pell dollars to pay for
vocational training. The second will enable students to access Pell dollars for
shorter-term, lower-intensity programs (as short as eight weeks and a minimum of
150 clock hours) than current law allows.

The Institute of Education Sciences, the research arm of the Education
Department, has also contracted to expand the "What Works Clearinghouse." It now
collects rigorous research on successful school interventions, but it will
include a focus on postsecondary education.

Such efforts are promising but insufficient. To make up for years of neglect, we
need a sustained federal and philanthropic commitment to research and
development on financial aid. At $160-billion, financial aid is the most
expensive higher-education strategy for promoting student attainment that we
have. The least we can do is devote a fraction of that commitment to making sure
it works as well as it can. In the haste to "fix" the shortfall in the Pell
Grants, policy makers must not lose sight of the need for basic yet careful
research.

Nor should the lack of rigorous research be an excuse to maintain the status
quo. Proponents of aid programs should embrace efforts to improve them. And
better-informed policy making should ensure that the dollars go to the students
who will benefit from them the most.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2012 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved


                             542 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Daily Observer (Banjul)

                           December 9, 2010 Thursday

World Aids Day Observed in NBR

BYLINE: Alhagie Babou Jallow

LENGTH: 688  words


North Bank regional AIDS committee commemorated World AIDS Day on the theme
'Universal Access and Human Rights' at Kerewan on 1 December 2010. The day is
set aside by the United Nations to help governments, donors and service
providers to reflect on the achievements and chart possible solutions to issues
confronting the welfare of people living with HIV/AIDS.

This year's theme has been chosen to address the critical need to protect human
rights and attain access for all to HIV prevention, treatment, care and support.
It also acts as a call to countries to remove laws that discriminate against
people living with HIV/AIDS.

Speaking at the occasion, the regional governor, Alhaji Edwarr Seckan,
underscored the political commitment shown by government under the dynamic
leadership of President Jammeh to promote the fight against HIV/AIDS. Governor
Seckan commended the National AIDS Secretariat for decentralising World AIDS Day
celebration and establishing regional AIDS offices across the country to help
coordinate the activities of all HIV/AIDS activities.

He said the theme would help partners and government to intensify the of raising
awareness about the pandemic and generate positive actions to stop the spread of
HIV/AIDS. He however, observed that more efforts are needed to prevent mother to
child transmission of HIV and appealed to people to go for voluntary HIV test to
know their health status.

The NBR governor assured that government would continue to fulfil its promises
as outline during 2006 United Nations high level meeting on HIV/AIDS to scale
towards universal access to HIV prevention, treatment, care and support by 2010.
He commended Global Fund, UN system, NGOs, private sectors, civil society
organizations and religious leaders for their support to the government in the
fight against HIV/AIDS.

Chief Fafanding Kinteh of Lower Baddibou District expressed gratitude to
President Jammeh for providing herbal treatment to people living with the virus,
as demonstrates his personal commitment to promoting the health and welfare of
HIV patients in The Gambia. He stressed that the prevention of HIV and AIDS
calls for collective actions and called on all stakeholders to endeavour to
complement the efforts of government and partners in the fight against the
virus.

Ousman Y Sowe, regional AIDS coordinator underscored the importance the National
AIDS Secretariat attaches to the provision of better services to people living
with the HIV virus and emphasised that the public should be enlightened about
the prevention and care of people living with HIV/AIDS. He disclosed that "at
global level, leaders have pledged to work towards the provision of universal
access to HIV and AIDS treatment, prevention and care."

"Valuable progress has been made to increase access to HIV and AIDS savories."
Ousman Y Sowe appealed for greater commitment to achieve the goal of universal
access i to HIV/AIDS treatment. According to him, "promoting individual human
rights would contribute immensely to the reduction of new infections and people
who have HIV can live free from discrimination." He informed that the
commemoration of World Aids Day provides an opportunity for all, individuals,
communities and political leaders to take action to ensure that human rights are
protected and global targets for HIV/AIDS prevention, treatment and care are
met.

Mamsamba Joof, executive director of the Agency for the Development of Women and
Children ADWAC, said the commemoration of World AIDS Day is an international
event on the UN calendar to enable governments and organisations to reflect on
the devastating impact and effects of the disease on individuals, communities
and society as a whole.

He said universal access and human rights is a global commitment to prevent HIV
infection, provide treatment, care and support services to all those people
infected or affected by AIDS epidemic. Joof went on to note that there is need
to provide equitability, accessibility, affordability, comprehensive and
sustainability to ensure that access to information and ARV must be available to
people regardless of status or race.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             543 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                           November 4, 2010 Thursday
                                 First Edition

BBC gives an apology for saying Live Aid cash went on guns

BYLINE: ROBERT DEX

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 515 words


THE BBC "unreservedly" apologised today for broadcasting a series of reports
claiming money raised by Live Aid to fight famine in Ethiopia was spent on
weapons.

The corporation admitted in an on-air apology it had "no evidence" for the
claims, which prompted a complaint from Band Aid Trustees including Bob Geldof.

An edition of Assignment, broadcast on the World Service last March, initially
reported aid had been diverted by a rebel group in the beleaguered African
country to buy guns.

That story was subsequently followed up online and on programmes including From
Our Own Correspondent and the BBC News, which named Live Aid and Band Aid as the
source of the mis-directed funds.

An apology to be broadcast on the World Service today stated: "Following a
complaint from the Band Aid Trust, the BBC has investigated the programme.

The investigation has concluded that the programme's evidence did not relate to
money raised by Band Aid and Live Aid.

"However, the programme gave the impression that large amounts of Band Aid and
Live Aid money had been diverted.

"The BBC wishes to apologise unreservedly to the Band Aid Trust for this
misleading and unfair impression.

"The BBC also wishes to apologise unreservedly to the Band Aid Trust for a
number of reports on television, radio and online which went further than the
programme itself in stating that millions of pounds raised by Band Aid and Live
Aid had been diverted to buy arms.

"The BBC had no evidence for these statements, and they shouldn't have been
broadcast."

The BBC also apologised to Geldof after it "unfairly" said he refused to comment
on the story because it was too sensitive.

Geldof welcomed the move but warned the BBC's "misleading and unfair" coverage
could damage public faith in charity campaigns.

He said: "This was an unusual lapse in standards by the broadcaster and, most
critically, the World Service. It was Michael Buerk's frontline reports for the
BBC from Ethiopia which prompted me to act and establish Band Aid in the first
place and I recognise the important journalistic and humanitarian role the BBC
has played in our story.

"On behalf of all those members of the public who have so magnificently donated
to Band Aid and Live Aid over the last 26 years, we welcome the BBC's apologies
and hope that the public corrections can begin to repair some of the appalling
damage done."

The corporation also came under fire from Michael Grade, a former BBC chairman
and Band Aid trustee, who said they got the story "horribly wrong".

He said: "It is surprising to me that a story so devoid of evidence could make
it to the air." A BBC spokeswoman said: "Assignment did not make the allegation
that relief aid provided by Band Aid was diverted.

However, the BBC acknowledges that this impression could have been taken from
the programme. We also acknowledge that some of our related reporting of the
story reinforced this perception.

"The BBC regrets this and accepts we should have been more explicit in making it
clear that the allegations did not relate specifically to Band Aid."

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: wm


                    Copyright 2010 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             544 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                              May 20, 2008 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Sorting good aid from bad

BYLINE: Andrew Leigh. Andrew Leigh is an economist in the Research School of
Social Sciences at the Australian National University.

SECTION: NEWS; Opinion; Pg. 70

LENGTH: 791 words


Australia's aid boost will need close scrutiny to achieve its goals, writes
Andrew Leigh.

In his 2005 book The Undercover Economist, Tim Harford revealed that fair trade
coffee in some London stores cost an extra 25 pence a cup, but that only about a
tenth of the mark-up actually reached the coffee farmer. A fair trade cappuccino
might have given the drinker a warm inner glow, but it didn't do much to reduce
world poverty.

Its harshest critics sometimes say the same about overseas aid. They point out
that unlike the voters who judge domestic programs, the recipients of foreign
aid cannot punish bad policy at the ballot box. Aid's critics say that with a
few exceptions, like disaster assistance, the world would be better off with
less aid, not more.

With last week's budget promising a major increase, Australia's overseas aid is
set to rise from 0.3 per cent to 0.5 per cent of national income by 2015. So the
billion-dollar question is: does aid work?

At an aggregate level, it turns out to be depressingly difficult to identify an
impact of foreign aid on a country's level of development. In the 1990s, a
series of studies reached ambiguous conclusions. In a famous paper in 2000,
Craig Burnside and David Dollar found that aid did raise growth, so long as the
recipient country had good fiscal, monetary and trade policies. Three years
later, William Easterly, Ross Levine and David Roodman found that these results
were fragile, and did not hold up when more years of data were added to the
analysis. Subsequent research by Paul Collier contends that even in badly
governed Africa, poverty rates would today be much higher had the continent
received no aid.

Most recently, Jeffrey Sachs has argued that much foreign aid in the postwar era
was directed towards winning the Cold War rather than helping the poor.
According to Sachs, we should not discriminate against countries with bad
institutions; instead we should be ruthless about not giving the wrong kind of
aid. Good aid, argues Sachs, can make a difference.

This research offers two challenges to Australia. If aid only works when
policies and institutions are strong, should we keep giving about one-third of
our aid to Papua New Guinea and the Pacific? Ethically, it would be tough to
justify withholding charity from some of the world's neediest people. And given
that they are on our doorstep, it is difficult to imagine excluding "fragile
states" from the Australian aid program. Yet the research suggests that despite
all the hard work being done by aid workers in these countries, there is little
chance living standards will take off soon.

The other challenge for our aid program is to distinguish between good and bad
aid. This is a particularly thorny question at a time when the program is being
expanded. This year, AusAID's budget will rise from $3.2 billion to $3.7
billion. The last thing we want to happen is for the agency to lower its
standards in order to get more cash out the door.

Here, the brightest hope for the aid program is that AusAID is taking the
question of aid effectiveness seriously. On the last parliamentary sitting day
before Easter, Parliamentary Secretary Bob McMullan quietly tabled the first
annual report of the Office of Development Effectiveness, an agency established
to monitor the overseas aid program.

Carrying out what it called a "health check of the Australian aid program", the
report critiqued aspects of the aid program in surprisingly robust terms.
Discussing technical assistance (providing advice, or sending an Australian
public servant to fill a role in a developing country's bureaucracy), it pointed
out that we spend twice as much as other rich donors, and warned that some of
our technical assistance programs may undermine the capacity of poor countries
to govern themselves. Discussing evaluation, the report emphasised the
importance of carrying out more impact evaluations - asking not only whether the
program was properly administered, but also whether it helped improve the lives
of the poor.

The frankness of AusAID's annual review of development effectiveness stands in
stark contrast to the self-congratulatory mush of most government reports.
Indeed, it is impossible to imagine the Health, Education or Defence departments
putting out such a self-critical report. This kind of hard-headed approach is
particularly valuable given that overseas aid is an area where too many
advocates have focused on inputs (aid as a percentage of national income) rather
than outputs (poverty reduction). Alongside a multibillion-dollar increase in
foreign aid must come more scrutiny of results. If we care more about making a
difference than getting a warm inner glow, distinguishing good aid from bad aid
is the only way to go.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CARTOON: GALLERY DAVID ROWE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2008 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             545 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                           November 15, 2007 Thursday
                                   e1 Edition

Denialist label has no basis;
All that President Thabo Mbeki did was to support a proper and democratic debate
on HIV and Aids

BYLINE: ronald suresh roberts

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 982 words


The London Guardian triggered the latest round of propaganda attacks on the "
Aids denialist" Thabo Mbeki, even as the Aids-drug lobby suffered a blow with
Mark Gevisser's firm, if nervous concession, that Mbeki is not, after all, an "
Aids denialist".

On November 12, supposedly relying upon Gevisser's book, Thabo Mbeki: The Dream
Deferred, the Guardian's headline read: "Mbeki admits he is still Aids dissident
six years on." But as with all propaganda, the text of the article fell short of
this headline, which was widely read as confirming Mbeki's supposed "Aids
denialism".

The Guardian piece ended by quoting Gevisser as follows: "When I asked him
(Mbeki) in 2007 how he felt about having to withdraw from the Aids debate, he
told me it was 'very unfortunate' that his initiative had been 'drowned'."

But what "initiative", precisely, did Mbeki mean? McGreal improperly cuts the
quotation at that point, so that reader will think the "initiative" referred to
by Mbeki is the "Aids dissidence" in the headline.

The second half of Gevisser's direct quotation from Mbeki, which appears at page
758 of Gevisser's text, continues: "In order to suppress what he (Mbeki)
maintained was vital and legitimate public inquiry, "a campaign was launched,
that I've said that HIV does not cause Aids, which I never did, and all sorts of
other things, all these charges about genocide, and so on. The consequence of
which was to stop the scientific inquiry, and I'm afraid that doesn't solve the
problem. Very, very regrettable."

Clearly then, Mbeki was not denying the link between HIV and Aids, but quite the
reverse. He was objecting to the fact that any "denial" of the HIV-Aids link had
been attributed to him, when all he supported was proper and democratic public
debate. But local propagandists went wild.

Business Day's Tim Cohen credited Gevisser with telling "the truth" about
"Mbeki's Aids denialism" (November 10) and Business Day reported that "Spotlight
on denialism may dent Mbeki's ANC Hopes" (November 13).

According to Business Day's Hajra Omarjee "Gevisser says Mbeki spoke of his
denialism as recently as June this year when he again questioned the link
between HIV and Aids."

Unfortunately for Business Day, Gevisser himself, speaking at the launch of the
book, conceded that Mbeki was indeed not an "Aids denialist".

The problem was not entirely the media's fault: the supposed distinction between
"denialism" and "dissidence", on which Gevisser now places so much weight, is
hardly very clear in the book itself.

Given the loose use of terminology that has bedeviled the area for years,
Gevisser had an obvious obligation to state the intended distinction more
clearly upfront, instead of fudging at first and clarifying outside the four
corners of the book, only after the storm broke.

Why the initial fudge? "In my attempt to understand (Mbeki's) position on Aids,
I even lost friends."

"Friends" plainly lacked the intellectual tolerance that Mbeki displayed towards
both Gevisser and myself. Meanwhile Gevisser himself was not wholly immune to
these pressures. Hence the fudging.

While conceding that Mbeki is not an "Aids denialist", Gevisser has attempted to
keep his intolerant Aids-drug lobby friends happy by faulting Mbeki for "Aids
dissidence" instead of "denialism". He explained on SAFM last Tuesday, that by
"dissidence" he meant that Mbeki asks questions on Aids policy.

"That is bad enough", Gevisser told radio listeners.

It was an ironic endorsement, by Gevisser himself, of the very same intolerance
that had allegedly cost him friends.

And he must explain why an insistence on policy discussion is just as bad as the
more extravagant "denialism" that Edwin Cameron spoke of when he compared Mbeki
to neo-Nazi historian David Irving.

"As your manuscript indicates", Mbeki wrote to me in a letter quoted at page 181
of Fit To Govern, "not surprisingly, the most virulent of the debates about
knowledge, has been the contest concerning the science that informs the global
and our own programmes of HIV and Aids.

"It is most interesting that the most vocal in this contest centred their
argument, as you indicate, on the demand that all discussion must be terminated,
and that all that had to be done was to implement what directly and indirectly,
the pharmaceutical companies said should be done to dispense the drugs they
produce as widely and as quickly as possible."

In endorsing the intellectual intolerance of the Aids-drug lobby, Gevisser has
unwittingly transported his friends from one un-winnable argument ("Mbeki is an
Aids denialist") onto even less promising terrain: to say that major policies
must proceed without fundamental policy debate is authoritarian and
unsustainable.

At least Gevisser has had the honesty (which still eludes Cameron and others) to
concede that Mbeki is after all no "denialist".

Neither Gevisser himself, nor Edwin Cameron with whom Gevisser co-edited a 1995
book, Defiant Desire, containing Zackie Achmat's alarming essay, "My Childhood
as an Adult Molester" nor anybody else in the Aids-drug lobby can define the "
Aids denialism" of which Mbeki has been accused.

Rushing into the "denialist" swamp where Gevisser feared to tread, last June
Niccoli Nattrrass published In Mortal Combat: Aids Denialism and the Struggle
for Antiretrovirals in South Africa.

One wants Nattrass to define the "Aids denialism" in her title.

Instead, Nattrass wrote: "Claiming that Mbeki was not a denialist because he
never said that HIV does not cause Aids is a red herring.

"Aids denialists routinely pose as questioning Aids science, while in practice
denying it."

What Nattrass was saying is that Mbeki is an Aids denialist, whether or not he
denied that HIV causes Aids, because you can be a denialist without in fact
denying that HIV causes Aids. Gevisser wisely gives up that ghost.

nRoberts is the author of Fit to Govern: The Native Intelligence of Thabo Mbeki.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             546 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                              March 6, 2006 Monday

HIV/AIDS: Odd-job workers top list

BYLINE: Annie Freeda Cruez

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 412 words


KUALA LUMPUR, Sun. - Ask anyone on the street which occupational group has the
largest number of HIV/AIDS sufferers and, invariably, the answer will be sex
workers.

That is the wrong answer.

According to Health Ministry statistics only 455 sex workers are HIV/AIDS
sufferers. Topping the list are odd-job workers with 25,726 sufferers followed
by 13,973 sufferers, who are unemployed.

The other sufferers according to occupational category are: factory and
industrial workers (3,843), fishermen (3,066), private sector staff (2,394),
housewives (1,932), uniformed bodies (669), government staff (502) and students
(154).

There are also 22,912 HIV/AIDS sufferers whose occupations are unknown.

Malaysian AIDS Council (MAC) president Dr Adeeba Kamarulzaman said the
Government's campaigns to create awareness among Malaysians of HIV/AIDS is
paying off, with people, including women, coming forward to be screened for the
affliction.

"Many are not coming out due to shame and fear of being stigmatised. They also
fear discrimination against them and their family," she told the New Straits
Times.

Dr Adeeba, who heads the Infectious Diseases Unit at University of Malaya
Medical Centre, said it was important for every Malaysian to know about HIV/AIDS
and how it was transmitted.

"Everyone is a potential victim, not just the drug addict or sex worker," she
said, adding that the Government was fighting hard to reduce transmission
through its campaigns.

She said until infection among drug users was controlled, it would be a tough
battle. A total of 50,303 HIV and 5,956 AIDS sufferers were intravenous drug
users as at June last year.

The ministry's statistics show 25 blood transfusion recipients are suffering
from HIV and another 17 have AIDS. Three organ donation recipients have been
infected with HIV while three others have AIDS.

The breakdown of those with HIV and AIDS: homosexuals and bisexuals (930 HIV and
232 AIDS) heterosexuals (9,417 HIV and 2,751 AIDS), and mother to child
transmission (500 HIV and 124 AIDS).

There is no clear information on how 6,260 HIV and 961 AIDS sufferers became
afflicted.

The racial breakdown of sufferers from 1986 to June last year: Malays (48,976
with HIV and 6,007 with AIDS), Chinese (9,893 HIV and 2,751 AIDS), Indians
(5,522 HIV and 735 AIDS), Bumiputera Sarawak (185 HIV and 77 AIDS), Bumiputera
Sabah (233 HIV and 79 AIDS), Orang Asli (39 HIV), others in Peninsular Malaysia
(392 HIV and 115 AIDS) and foreigners (2,040 HIV and 271 AIDS).

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                             547 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                     December 2, 2003 Tuesday Final Edition

WHO to deploy 'barefoot' doctors to combat AIDS in poor nations: World health
body's use of non-medical personnel part of wider drug strategy

SOURCE: The Ottawa Citizen; with files from The Washington Post

BYLINE: Steven Edwards

SECTION: News; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 726 words

DATELINE: UNITED NATIONS

UNITED NATIONS -- Non-medical personnel will be trained as "barefoot doctors" to
treat AIDS sufferers in the poorest countries, the World Health Organization
announced yesterday, World AIDS Day.

The plan is part of a wider bid to place three million AIDS sufferers in the
developing world on AIDS drugs by 2005.

The term "barefoot" refers to the medical surrogates' lack of formal training
rather than an absence of shoes. It was first used to describe a program
launched by China to overcome the shortage of trained medical professionals in
remote rural parts of that country.

"The lives of millions of people are at stake. This strategy demands massive
unconventional efforts to make sure they stay alive," said Dr. Lee Jong-wook,
WHO director general.

Canada marked World AIDS Day by announcing an additional $100 million over five
years to combat the disease. Canada had already committed $482 million to
fighting AIDS internationally by 2005.

"Canada is focusing its resources in hard-hit countries where we know we can,
and are, making a difference," Susan Whelan, minister for international
co-operation, said in Ottawa.

Among the first to benefit from the new spending will be Tanzania and
Mozambique, where infection rates are among the highest in the world.

AIDS has set the developed and developing world at odds over access to the
anti-viral drugs needed to treat it.

The United Nations said last week that the fight against AIDS beyond the
developed world was being lost because of a lack of access to drugs.

Globally, an estimated 40 million people are now infected with HIV, which causes
AIDS. WHO seeks around $8 billion Cdn for its plan to combat AIDS, while the UN
has said AIDS can be beaten only with international spending of around $15
billion a year.

But just a fraction of the money has been promised by rich countries.

It was announced in Toronto that the city will host the 16th International AIDS
Conference in 2006.

Health Canada said in a report yesterday that a record 56,000 people in Canada
are now infected despite two decades of prevention efforts and hundreds of
million of dollars spent battling the scourge domestically.

The statistic marks a 12-per-cent jump in cases since 1999.

Gay men remain the hardest hit, accounting for 40 per cent of new HIV infections
at the end of 2002.

The Vatican said yesterday that "fidelity, chastity and abstinence" were the
best ways to bring AIDS under control, and defended its opposition to condom
distribution. But many Catholics in the world believe condom use should be
promoted.

Saudi Arabia, which has traditionally shied from talking about AIDS, used World
AIDS Day to admit it has nearly 7,000 AIDS cases.

In Singapore, scantily clad women handed out condoms.

In Bombay, India, hundreds of gay men and their families marched to urge the
government to repeal a law banning sexual relations between people of the same
sex. In the rest of India, sports stars and actors spearheaded an AIDS awareness
campaign.

In Beijing, Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao appeared on state television last night,
comforting AIDS patients and calling on the nation to treat them with "care and
love," breaking a longstanding taboo and becoming the first senior Chinese
leader to address the country's fast-growing AIDS epidemic in public.

Mr. Wen's visit with three patients appeared intended to signal a new level of
commitment by the ruling Communist Party to fight a disease that could infect
more than 10 million Chinese by 2010, but that many Chinese officials have tried
for years to cover up and ignore.

Chinese and western AIDS crusaders hailed the images of Mr. Wen shaking the
hands of the patients as a breakthrough in their campaign to raise awareness of
a problem the UN has warned could be a human disaster of "proportions beyond
belief."

But it was unclear whether Mr. Wen's visit would be a one-time affair, or
whether it marked the beginning of a national campaign against AIDS, similar to
the one the government launched against the SARS epidemic.

Activists warned that sustained, high-level leadership would be needed to force
China's rigid political system to confront AIDS. The government routinely limits
what journalists can report on the subject and officials often harass AIDS
crusaders who operate outside government control.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             548 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                   June 3, 2001 Sunday MORNING FINAL EDITION

HOPE AND HEARTBREAK: AIDS IN THE UNITED STATES

BYLINE: JULIE SEVERENS LYONS -- MERCURY NEWS

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 18A

LENGTH: 1858 words


1981: On June 5, scientists at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
warn about a rare pneumonia afflicting a small number of gay men in Los Angeles.
The cause of their illness is unknown. A researcher, not understanding the full
scope of the disease, dubs it "Gay-Related Immune Deficiency" (GRID), a misnomer
that will distort public understanding of the epidemic for years to come.

1982: The illness is officially renamed Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome (
AIDS) after it is found in hemophiliacs, women, infants and recipients of blood
transfusions. The disease is suspected to be spread through blood and sexual
contact.

To help deal with the growing AIDS patient population, what would later be
called the San Francisco AIDS Foundation is formed. In New York, writer Larry
Kramer and others form Gay Men's Health Crisis to raise money for research.

1983: As the U.S. death toll from AIDS climbs above 1,000, Dr. Mervyn F.
Silverman, director of the San Francisco Department of Health, launches a
citywide program to combat the burgeoning local epidemic, and San Francisco
General Hospital opens Ward 86 - the nation's first AIDS clinic.

Not everyone takes such a progressive stance. The Rev. Jerry Falwell, founder of
the Moral Majority, tells his followers that AIDS is "the wrath of God upon
homosexuals."

1984: Margaret Heckler, secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, announces that a vaccine will be available "in approximately two
years."

1985: AIDS comes further into the national spotlight when the federal government
licenses an HIV antibody test, and screening of the nation's blood supply
begins. But it is not until movie idol Rock Hudson dies of the disease on Oct.
2, that AIDS truly becomes a household word.

There is a backlash. Some conservatives call for the quarantining and tattooing
of PWAs, or people with AIDS. One national poll found 51 percent of Americans
were in favor of quarantines.

1986: Surgeon General C. Everett Koop launches a controversial AIDS awareness
campaign that calls for increased education - and encourages the widespread use
of condoms.

1987: Still short of a cure and a vaccine, the government approves AZT, the
first drug created for the treatment of AIDS. The cost of a year's supply,
$10,000, makes AZT the most expensive drug in history. Doctors and scientists
conclude most cases of HIV ultimately lead to AIDS.

Congress adds HIV to the list of exclusionary "dangerous diseases" for which
immigrants were to be prohibited from entering the United States.

1988: In an especially controversial year, the federal government sends an
eight-page AIDS education brochure to 107 million homes throughout the country.
"Understanding AIDS" would be the government's first attempt to reach the entire
population by mail on a single health issue.

The first comprehensive needle exchange program is established to stem the
spread of HIV in intravenous drug users.

1989: Drugs capable of preventing AIDS-related pneumonia hit market shelves and
are credited with helping AIDS patients live a little longer.

In September, under pressure from the AIDS community, the manufacturer of AZT
lowers the price of the drug by 20 percent.

199O: In April, Ryan White dies of AIDS. Just a few months after his death, the
Ryan White CARE Act is passed by Congress, providing help for AIDS patients
lacking adequate health insurance or financial resources. Next to the Medicaid
program, the act would become the largest federal investment in treatment of
people with AIDS in the United States.

1991: The country loses another AIDS symbol, Kimberly Bergalis, who was infected
with HIV by her dentist. She testified before Congress and wrote the American
Medical Association requesting the mandatory testing of health care workers.

The red ribbon is launched as an international symbol of AIDS awareness, first
appearing on television at the Tony Awards.

AIDS activists get America's attention when 10 protesters chanting "Fight AIDS,
not Arabs!" break into the studios of CBS' "Evening News" and PBS'
"MacNeil-Lehrer NewsHour" during newscasts to demand more media attention to the
deadly disease.

1992: Mary Fisher - HIV patient, daughter of a wealthy Republican contributor
and mother of two young sons - sends shock waves through the political arena
when she addresses the Republican National Convention. "I ask you here, in this
great hall, or listening in the quiet of your home, to recognize that the AIDS
virus is not a political creature," she urges. "It does not care whether you are
Democrat or Republican. It does not ask whether you are black or white, male or
female, gay or straight, young or old."

1993: That AIDS does not discriminate becomes more apparent when U.S. Open and
Wimbledon winner Arthur Ashe dies of AIDS. Ashe had announced less than a year
earlier that he had acquired the disease through a blood transfusion.

1994: AIDS becomes the leading cause of death for Americans ages 25 to 44. Yet
there is good news to temper the bad: A government-funded research project finds
that AZT can reduce the risk of mother-to-infant HIV transmission.

1995: A key medical trial is concluded, showing that AZT is more effective when
used in combination with other drugs. Dual combination therapy becomes the
standard approach to treatment.

Another powerful weapon, saquinavir, is approved, becoming the first in a new
class of drugs: the powerful - yet not perfect - protease inhibitors. The
combinations of these medications, known as "cocktails," will delay the onset of
full-blown AIDS in some patients, extending lives.

Jeff Getty, a Bay Area man infected with AIDS, undergoes a controversial bone
marrow transplant from a baboon to try to stay alive.

1996: Advances in AIDS treatment continue as a growing number of drugs receive
approval from the Food and Drug Administration. The agency also gives the nod to
the first HIV home testing kit that can be purchased over the counter.

In a landmark legal case, four major international drug companies accused of
selling AIDS-tainted blood products to thousands of U.S. hemophiliacs offer to
pay a $640 million settlement.

1997: The arsenal against AIDS continues to grow. The government approves
nelfinavir, the first protease inhibitor for use in children. It also grants
approval for delavirdine, the first in the latest class of drugs, called
non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors.

The drugs would extend lives and renew hope, but it also became apparent in 1997
that drug cocktails had more side effects than previously thought. And in a
growing number of patients, the virus was becoming resistant to the drugs.

The Joint United Nations Program on AIDS reports that in terms of AIDS
mortality, the full impact of the epidemic is only just beginning.

1998: Nearly 15 years after the government first promised a vaccine would be
available "in approximately two years," the company VaxGen starts the first
human trial of an AIDS vaccine involving 5,000 volunteers from the United States
and Thailand. 1999: Researchers at the University of Alabama report they have
discovered the source of HIV: A type of chimpanzee once common in West Central
Africa. The scientists say they believe the virus was transmitted to humans when
chimps were slaughtered and subsequently eaten.

What apparently started as a virus which infected chimps - but didn't make them
sick - had now developed into the fourth leading cause of death worldwide.

2000: The scope of the global AIDS pandemic receives new focus, as drug
companies come under increased pressure to make medicines available cheaply in
developing countries. The World Health Organization reveals its latest
statistics - worldwide, an estimated 36 million people have the disease, with
more with than 20 million of them in sub-Saharan Africa.

2001: No cure. No vaccine. A new surge in cases in young gay men. Twenty years
since the CDC's first announcement on the disease, AIDS remains a force greater,
wilier and more powerful than anyone ever imagined.

Faces: Ryan White

In August of 1985, a 14-year old hemophiliac with AIDS named Ryan White, is
barred from attending his public school in Indiana. He later won a court fight
to stay in school, and campaigned against AIDS discrimination before his death
in 1990.

Medicine: Virus discovery

The vaccine The cause of AIDS remained a mystery until 1984, when the viral
agent that causes it was identified by French and American scientists. The virus
was named the Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) the next year.

Politics: Regan's silence

Former president Ronald Reagan, elected in 1980 with the backing of social and
religious conservatives, did not say the word 'AIDS' in public until 1987 - more
than six years into the epidemic.

Faces: Magic

Basketball legend Earvin "Magic" Johnson brought home the true scope of the
epidemic with his 1991 announcement that he is HIV-positive. He is still alive
and works on health care and other community-based causes.

Protests: ACT-UP

With its cry of "Act up! Fight back!", the AIDS Coalition to Unleash Power
(ACT-UP) brought a fierce new urgency to the battle against AIDS. Launched in
1987, the group has done everything from helping to speed approval of new drugs
to combating anti-gay bias.

Culture: The quilt

In a moving expression of grief and loss, the first panel of the AIDS Memorial
Quilt was stitched together in a San Francisco storefront in 1987. Little did
anyone know it would grow to more than 43,000 panels (box)and counting.

CHART: TEXT BY JULIE SEVERENS LYONS -- MERCURY NEWS
GRAPHIC BY T.TSO -- MERCURY NEWS
[Chart shown in timeline form in hard copy]
Cumulative cases and deaths by year's end:
1981: 437 cases / 160 deaths
1982: 1,636, cases / 625 deaths
1983: 4,788 cases / 2,135 deaths
1984: 11,152 cases / 5,657 deaths
1985: 23,185 cases / 12,648 deaths
1986: 42,564 cases / 24,803 deaths
1987: 71,656 cases / 41,266 deaths
1988: 107,755 cases / 62,476 deaths
1989: 151,229 cases / 90,509 deaths
1990: 200,740 cases / 122,304 deaths
1991: 261,259 cases / 159,345 deaths
1992: 340,854 cases / 200,979 deaths
1993: 420,725 cases / 246,476 deaths
1994: 493,713 cases / 296,646 deaths
1995: 563,540 cases / 347,523 deaths
1996: 624,895 cases / 385,507 deaths
1997: 674,894 cases / 407,574 deaths
1998: 718,077 cases / 425,788 deaths
1999: 759,926 cases / 442,553 deaths
2000: 774,467 cases / 448,060 deaths
Sources: American Foundation for AIDS Research; AIDS Project Los Angeles;
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; Chicago Tribune; Encyclopedia of
AIDS; Food and Drug Administration; Information Please Almanac; Kaiser Family
Foundation; The Learning Network; The Names Project Foundation; National Library

 of Medicine; Public Media Center; University of California at San Francisco
AIDS History Project; Washington Post; World Health Organization

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: RELATED STORIES: Page 1A
AIDS: 20 YEARS OF AN EPIDEMIC

GRAPHIC: Photos (6), Chart;
PHOTO: FACES
RYAN WHITE
In August of 1985, a 14-year-old hemophiliac with AIDS named Ryan White is
barred from attending his public school in Indiana. He later won a court fight
to stay in school, and campaigned against AIDS discrimination before his death
in 1990.
PHOTO: MEDICINE
VIRUS DISCOVERY
The cause of AIDS remained a mystery until 1984, when the viral agent that
causes it was identified by French and AMerican scientists. The virus was named
Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) the next year.
PHOTO: POLITICS
Reagan's silence
Former president Ronald Reagan, elected in 1980 with the backing of social and
religious conservatives, did not say the word "AIDS" in public until 1987 --
more than six years into the epidemic.
PHOTO: FACES
Magic
Basketball legend Earvin "Magic" Johnson brought home the true scope of the
epidemic with his 1991 announcement that he is HIV-positive. He is still alive
and works on health care and other community-based clinics.
PHOTO: PROTESTS
ACT-UP
With its cry of "Act up! Fight back!", the AIDS Coalition to Unleash Power
(ACT-UP) brought a fierce urgency to the battle against AIDS. Launched in 1987,
the group has done everything from helping to speed approval of new drugs to
combating anti-gay bias.
PHOTO: CULTURE
In a moving expression of grief and loss, the first panel of the AIDS Memorial
Quilt was stitched together in a San Francisco storefront in 1987. Little did
anyone know it would grow to more than 43,000 panels -- and counting.
the quilt

                     Copyright 2001 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             549 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     December 2, 1999, Thursday, Edition 1

NUMBER OF HIV CASES IN CANADA DROPPING

BYLINE: Tim Harper

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 639 words



OTTAWA - The number of Canadians testing positive for HIV is
 dropping - but the face of those stricken with the disease in
 this country is changing radically.

 A national update to mark World AIDS Day revealed more women, young Canadians,
aboriginals and injection-drug users are being diagnosed with the virus which
causes AIDS.

The rate among gay and bisexual males is being reduced.

However, gay and bisexual males still account for the majority of the 55,000 to
60,000 Canadians who have become infected since the first diagnosed case in this
country in 1982.

An estimated 12,000 to 15,000 have died.

As many as 18,000 Canadians are infected but don't know it, according to the
findings in Health Minister Allan Rock's second national report on HIV/AIDS.

Rock this year marked the day to raise global awareness of the disease by
highlighting Canadian efforts to help those stricken with the disease in other
parts of the world, particularly sub-Saharan Africa, home to 95 per cent of the
33 million people living with AIDS.

Eastern and southern Africa account for only 4.8 per cent of the world's
population, yet comprise over 50 per cent of the 33.6 million people infected
with HIV and account for 60 per cent of AIDS deaths, United Nations data show.

International Co-Operation Minister Maria Minna said Ottawa is spending $50
million for work on prevention, education and training for AIDS projects in
Africa. The money was first announced in last winter's budget.

''HIV/AIDS is not just a health issue,'' Minna said, ''it is a development issue
and a human rights issue.''

In a first step toward attacking the problem, the Canadian AIDS Society has
begun planning for the first National Canadian Conference on Women and HIV/AIDS
this spring.

Rock said the disease is disproportionately hitting children and young adults in
Africa. ''In many parts of the world, AIDS is the single greatest threat to
economic, social and human development,'' he said.

According to UNAIDS, the U.N. agency trying to combat the deadly HIV virus, AIDS
will claim 2.6 million lives this year.

Around the globe, World AIDS Day was marked by protests and dramatic ceremonies.

In Washington, 10 protesters were arrested following a demonstration accusing
the administration of blocking cheap, generic anti-AIDS medication from
distribution in developing countries,

Condoms handed out on Bangkok buses

In London, the Elton John AIDS Foundation, unveiled an exhibition of art
featuring the world's best-known doll, Barbie. Organizers hope to auction off
the artwork to raise almost $250,000 for AIDS research.

In Bangkok, AIDS activists handed out condoms in city buses while in Pretoria,
South Africa, they were dropped from a police helicopter.

In the Bulgarian town of Varna, Red Cross workers dressed in condom costumes
handed out prophylactics.

In Paris, Dr. Luc Montagnier - the French co-discoverer of HIV - warned that an
effective AIDS vaccine could be 30 years away unless governments encourage wider
research.

In China, authorities launched the country's first-ever AIDS awareness campaign.
And the first condom ad appeared on television Sunday.

Here in Canada, Rock appeared on the MuchMusic cable TV channel with the
Saskatchewan rock trio Wide Mouth Mason, a band which is touring Canada, gaining
a solid following with their music and their safe sex message.

The Health Canada report said that among adult females, injection drug use
accounts for almost 40 per cent of diagnosed AIDS cases.

In Canada in 1998, 2,252 adults and 48 children tested positive for the HIV
virus.

Those numbers are down slightly from the 2,700 who tested positive in 1996, the
previous year for which data is available.

With files from The Star's wire services.


LOAD-DATE: December 2, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: REUTERS PHOTO
 AWARENESS CAMPAIGN:
 A Russian AIDS centre employee hands out free condoms to young people in St.
Petersburg yesterday. Russians have been warned that the surge in HIV cases
could herald an AIDS epidemic within five years.

                  Copyright 1999 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             550 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                             March 22, 1999, FINAL

Foreign aid that helps the poor

BYLINE: Christina Spencer

SECTION: News; A11

LENGTH: 783 words


You have to hand it to the folks in the foreign aid community: They have very
big dreams. Recently, a long list of distinguished Canadians signed a letter
calling on Prime Minister Jean Chretien to commit Canada to ''end global
poverty.'' Ok, sure -- would next Thursday be convenient?

As a rule, I dislike gimmicks such as celebrity letters to politicians,
particularly when they're signed by people you just know have no clue about the
subject matter. In this case, such foreign-aid luminaries as Margaret Atwood,
Jann Arden and Mary Walsh are among those whom the PM is supposed to take
seriously on the complex issue of how to give the world's poor a decent standard
of living. Can we blame him if he rolls his eyes, crushes the letter into a ball
and attempts an elegant lob into the wastebasket across the room?

But perhaps I am projecting a personal reaction. For I confess to significant
eye-rolling when ''A Call to end Global Poverty'' crossed my desk.

Then I noticed the other names on the letter -- people who do know these issues,
such as Tim Brodhead, co-founder of Inter Pares, Roger Clark of Amnesty
International, Roy Culpeper from the North-South Institute and Betty Plewes,
president of the Canadian Council for International Co-operation. Ms. Plewes's
organization, a coalition of more than 100 Canadian groups who work in
development assistance, is behind the letter to Mr. Chretien. All right, OK: a
fair hearing is called for.

It turns out these people (both experts and entertainers), have two very
straightforward points to make. First, foreign aid is used most effectively when
it is aimed directly at helping the poorest people. Second, that is not how
Canada uses it.

This might surprise taxpayers. ''Canadians think their aid dollars are going to
support poor people,'' says Ms. Plewes. In fact, while helping the poor is a
corollary effect of foreign aid, it is often not the main focus of all those
tax- supported, feel-good programs.

In Canada, where foreign aid has done much shrinking until lately, the money
backstops all manner of causes. There is humanitarian aid, of course (help to
the victims of Hurricane Mitch, for instance) and development aid (building
schools or creating women's health programs). So far, so good. But then there is
the use of aid to flesh out Canada's foreign policy ''peacebuilding'' efforts
and Lloyd Axworthy's nebulous ''human security'' agenda. There is aid for
strategic reasons, or to open the doors for business. There is even aid to
countries that have their own aid programs. Says Ms. Plewes of all these goals,
''They overload (Canada's) aid program ... there is a confusion of purpose.''

For example, Canadian aid has grown in South American countries where Canada
sees commerical potential. But it has shrunk in places that house the world's
most destitute, such as sub-Saharan Africa. If we are calling this particular
packet of government spending ''aid,'' isn't that what its first priority should
be?

Then there is ''tied aid,'' a concept most Canadians are only dimly familiar
with. Tied aid means that, in order to reap the benefits of Canadian government
help, a country must buy Canadian products. Depending on whose figures you use,
almost two-thirds of Canadian government aid is ''tied. '' Ninety per cent of
food aid is ''tied.'' We'll help you with your famine, but only if you agree to
buy the wheat from Canada.

There are reasons why this is seen as a good idea, and reasons why it is not.
Superficially, we seem to help our own economy by inflicting ''tied'' aid on
other nations. CIDA, which administers 78 per cent of Canada's aid budget,
boasts that foreign aid sustains 36,000 jobs here at home.

The objection, however, is two-fold: Tied aid may not in fact give the poor
country the best bang for its (limited) resources. And it dilutes the central
purpose of aid, as if its raison d'etre were to create jobs here. Imagine giving
a homeless Canadian money for shelter, but telling him he must spend it at a
specific address, because we want the building's owner to have a good income.
That's what we do with aid. Under the guise of helping the less-fortunate
abroad, the Canadian government channels tax dollars to entrepreneurs here. The
foreign aid ''industry'' is alive and well.

There are other things wrong with Canada's aid program) but surely a first step
toward improvement is to acknowledge what the main objective is supposed to be:
helping the world's poorest. Even if it takes Jann Arden's name on a letter to
make the point.

Christina Spencer is the Citizen's Editorial Pages Editor. Read previous
Christina Spencer columns at www.ottawacitizen.com


LOAD-DATE: March 22, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1999 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             551 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      September 6, 1998 Sunday 2D EDITION

AIDS The good news about AIDS: Thos infected with HIV are living longer. But
funds are drying up, and agencies are cutting back services. Is this the ...
Forgotten Crisis?

BYLINE: By Bill Briggs, Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: LFS; Pg. G-01

LENGTH: 2493 words

It was a plague that burned through the world, bleeding the life out of 11
million men, women and children who were exposed, grew sick and died.

Back then, desperate talk turned to quarantines, to God's fury, to pleas for
medical science to ride to the rescue with a cure. Families were ravaged; towns
devastated.

Remember AIDS?

As the 20th century ticks down, the fatal disease that once defined our age has
been relegated to the back pages, the back burner and the back of our collective
consciousness, complain AIDS workers around the country. It's as if America
simply decided that AIDS is gone. Never mind that one in every 100 humans aged
15 to 49 is now HIV positive, or that around the globe some 16,000 more people
are infected daily with the virus that causes AIDS. The perception, claim AIDS
advocates, is that the disease has been slammed into submission by an arsenal of
new medicines.

The so-called "drug cocktails" - starring protease inhibitors - do make the
level of virus undetectable in roughly half the patients who use them. And many
people with HIV are living longer.

But fewer deaths plus new infections means that more HIV-positive people than
ever are tapping into a fixed bank of AIDS-related services - to get help with
medicine or food or a ride to the doctor. Many AIDS agencies say they are
stretched to the breaking point in dealing with this ever-expanding roster of
clientele.

Even worse, those same nonprofit agencies are suddenly gasping to pay their
bills as scores of once-loyal financial backers turn their attention to other
causes.

That's because as the AIDS death rate has fallen in America, the urgency that
once surrounded the disease has virtually evaporated. A sort of national AIDS
malaise has set in. The result: a serious drought in donations to HIV advocacy
groups.

"It's terrible to say, but it's easier to do fund-raising when you can point to
a high mortality rate," says John Gallagher, a writer for The Advocate,
considered the national publication for gays and lesbians. "With the advances in
treatment, it doesn't seem like a crisis anymore."

In the minds of many Americans, AIDS has slipped back into the ranks of
"manageable" illnesses like diabetes, according to Joe Mauro, who writes grant
proposals for the Colorado AIDS project.

"We are quite concerned," Mauro says, "about losing our disease du jour status."

This wave of "donor fatigue" - coupled with shortages in federal AIDS funding -
has delivered a financial body blow to many HIV agencies; a knockout punch to
others. The fallout stretches from California to Colorado to New York:

The Colorado AIDS Project has been forced to eliminate two programs that helped
HIV-positive people or their families buy groceries or vitamins, and another
program that provided transportation to AIDS patients too sick to drive, ride
the bus or take a cab.

Still another program that gives "emergency financial assistance" to
HIV-positive people for things like medical payments or insurance premiums has
been slashed to include only help with bare necessities like utility bills and
rent.

"Across the board, we're looking at having to ration some of our services,"
Mauro says. In all, some 840 CAP clients and 75 families have been affected by
the cuts - which saved the agency about $ 160,000 a year.

In Boulder, a nonprofit group called AIDS Medicine & Miracles has had to cancel
"treatment education" seminars in five U.S. cities, including Chicago and
Boston, because their donations fell by 50 percent this year.

In San Diego, the city's primary AIDS outreach agency had to close its doors
because of a lack of funds.

Even a touching symbol of the epidemic - the AIDS quilt - has been affected. The
NAMES Project, which carries the quilt from city to city to preach HIV
prevention and safe sex, trimmed its $ 5 million budget by 30 percent last year
and laid off half its 24-member staff.

NAMES spokeswoman Marissa Winstanley said donor fatigue "may have been a
factor," though "other" financial problems were at play.

"I don't think there's an AIDS organization in the country that isn't having
difficulty," Gallagher says. "AIDS events aren't raising the kind of money
they're used to."

Contributions and participation at last year's AIDS Walk in New York City
declined from 1996. And while the 1997 AIDS Walk Colorado raised a record $ 1.4
million for the Colorado AIDS Project, organizers will watch next weekend's
local walk with a sharp eye for any telltale slack in attendance.

"Like a new HIV infection that shows up first in New York and San Francisco
before it does here     some of these trends in decreased funding might also
find their way here," Mauro says. "We're fearful."

Medically, the AIDS tide seemingly began to turn two years ago when the good
news about the protease cocktail first roared out of the World AIDS conference
in Vancouver. Though expensive ($ 16,000 a year), complicated to take and not
effective for everyone, the drugs were hailed as a stunning breakthrough.

"From then on, HIV infection ceased its synonymity with certain death and
ceaseless despair," says Daniel Zingale, head of the Washington, D.C.-based AIDS
Action, which represents 2,400 local AIDS groups.

The media, weary of endless stories on the AIDS death sentence, jumped hard on
the protease bandwagon and repeatedly hinted in print and over the airwaves that
a cure was near, Zingale contends. It was a "dangerous message."

"Sometimes people only read the headlines," adds the AIDS quilt's Winstanley.
"There are people who think protease inhibitors make HIV a manageable illness.
Well, if you've ever known anyone who takes these medications, the truth is they
run your life.

"These people need pagers to tell them what time to take their 20 to 30 pills a
day. They can only eat at certain times, sleep at certain times. And the drugs
make some people very sick," Winstanley says. "They're very good for a small
amount of people on very limited basis."

But it's not just the mainstream media or heterosexuals who are making inflated
claims about the demise of HIV. Memorable headline

Last month, San Francisco's largest gay newspaper ran a banner headline
screaming "No obits" after it had gone one week without receiving an AIDS
-related death notice. It was the first no-obit edition in 17 years. And it led
the Bay Area Reporter to proclaim: "A new reality may be taking hold, and the
community may be on the verge of a new era of the epidemic. Perhaps."

Even inside the paper's own newsroom, however, some staffers argued that the
headline would spur the false impression that the AIDS crisis had ended - and
worsen the financial storm gripping already-frazzled HIV advocacy groups.

It struck fast and hard at the Boulder-based AIDS Medicine and Miracles. The
nonprofit group holds retreats across the country that teach HIV-positive people
how to aggressively handle their illness. Individual donations, which account
for almost half the organization's budget, plummeted from $ 225,000 in 1997 to $
116,000 this year.

"It was huge. It was just devastating," says Charles Robbins, the head of AIDS
Medicine & Miracles.

Five of seven regional seminars had to be scrapped this year, affecting about
750 people.

The agency relies heavily on donations from something called the Combined
Federal Campaign. It's the equivalent of the United Way for U.S. government
workers, who can choose to give to one of thousands of charities. Almost
overnight, HIV dropped on the priority list.

"That particular source of funding is so important to look at in terms of how
America is responding to AIDS because if that's the general feeling, it's
widespread," Robbins says.

Even better evidence lies in the breakdown of exactly which workers are still
giving to AIDS Medicine & Miracles. U.S. employees living abroad continue to
support AIDS causes as strongly as ever.

"We think," Robbins says, "they didn't get the word about the mass perception
that AIDS is no longer a threat." Corporations, too

But it's not just individual donors who are abandoning HIV as a cause. Some
corporations have shifted their philanthropic attention away from AIDS
specifically and toward other diseases or other causes, says AIDS quilt
spokeswoman Winstanley.

"We know the priorities have shifted," Winstanley says.

"    That signals that people are misunderstanding the advances in medicine
It's extremely scary."

Fighting AIDS just isn't as fashionable as it was in the late 1980s and early
1990s when Hollywood stars made it a cause celebre. Today, ailments like breast
cancer and Alzheimer's disease are grabbing more attention and more money. It
seems to be all about marketing, big-name endorsements and wearing the right
colored ribbon.

"For a long time, AIDS fund-raisers were really sort of de rigueur among the top
ranks of society, of the social register, the people who would get their
pictures in the newspaper," says The Advocate's Gallagher. "Now it's just
another disease.

"It was just easier to raise big bucks in the past     when people saw their
friends dying all around them."

And with more people than ever living with HIV (including 7,500 in Colorado),
AIDS agencies are having to do a lot more with a lot less.

"The number of survivors in the epidemic are requiring so much time and energy,
which accounts for everybody being spread so thin," says Sue Geissler, head of
the Denver Mayor's Office of HIV Planning.

And because AIDS patients are living longer than even they had planned, their
own resources often run out earlier than expected, making them rely on HIV
organizations just to survive.

"Two or three years ago, many of our clients were very close to death. And
whether it was appropriate or not, they cashed out their savings and life
insurance, spent their retirement, everything - oftentimes for medical bills,"
says CAP's Mauro. "Now there's a reprieve and it's like, 'Oh my goodness, I have
no savings. What am I going to do with myself?"'    So groups like Project Angel
Heart in Denver, which cooks and delivers hot meals to people with AIDS, get
busier by the week. Last December, the nonprofit agency served 185 meals a day.
Now it's up to 225.

"Before, the intensity of this work was finite: People emerged into the system
saying, 'I need help because I have AIDS.' It was at the end of their lives and
for two weeks to two years there was a short burst of activity around that
person before they died," Geissler said.

"There still exists that population (of very sick), but in addition there's a
population of survivors who need a very different kind of help - and the end
isn't in sight."

Adds Project Angel Heart's Carol Carlson: "The fact that the attrition rate is
declining is good news, but it's putting AIDS service groups" in a bind. "We
cannot keep growing like this."

Unlike many agencies that cater to HIV-positive people, Project Angel Heart
hasn't suffered a drop in donations, though they are bracing for it, trying to
drum up new donors with a direct-mail campaign. They also hired Carlson as their
"development director" to dream up new funding strategies. And the agency, like
many other AIDS groups, is changing its marketing tune.

"We send out a newsletter that says the AIDS crisis is not over," Carlson says.
"The crisis for the organizations that serve these people is growing every day."
Allotment cut back

Meanwhile, the situation at Project Angel Heart got even worse this year when
the federal government trimmed its annual allotment by 12 percent. That money
comes from the Ryan White Care Act, which doles out billions of dollars to
agencies that directly help people struggling both with AIDS and their own
financial constraints. (Ryan White was an Indiana teenager who died of AIDS).

A similar cut hit the Colorado AIDS Project, where Ryan White funding dropped
from $ 5 million in 1997 to $ 4.6 million this year. CAP is expecting the amount
to slip again next year - to $ 4.2 million, making the AIDS Walk fund-raiser
more crucial than ever.

The decline in Ryan White fund money is not seen as collateral damage from the
complacency crisis. It's just a function of how that fixed pot of money is being
split among more U.S. cities.

But HIV activists are not excusing the White House and Congress from their roles
in America's AIDS malaise. "The most startling evidence of complacency is the
fact that funding for HIV prevention has suddenly flattened out," says AIDS
Action's Zingale.

Most money for prevention - including sexual abstinence programs and AIDS
education campaigns - is funneled through the U.S. Centers for Disease Control.
But it all starts with the President Clinton's budget. Increase requested

The CDC hasn't won a budget increase in three years to fight new infections. So
this summer, AIDS Action pulled together public health officials and AIDS
workers to demand fresh HIV prevention programs. To pay for it, they urged
Clinton and Congress to give the CDC a 25 percent budget boost.

But with the once-intense urgency around AIDS disappearing, it will be an uphill
battle to squeeze the White House for extra money, admits Geissler. Strange as
it sounds, the competition for funding among disease advocates is getting more
intense.

"Other disease groups look at what we've been able to accomplish (with the
current level of federal funding). The people fighting Alzheimer's, for example,
might say, 'Why can't we have some of that money?'

"I don't think anybody in the AIDS community believes that somebody with AIDS
deserves better care than somebody with another disease. But we all say that a
standard of humane, expert care should be available to people with this
disease."

First, though, AIDS activists know they have to win the war of public perception
and remind America that the virus is alive and well and still killing people. It
won't be easy. Even at the place where the epidemic has long been an open
emotional wound - the place where most Denver AIDS funerals are held - the
disease isn't the center of attention anymore.

"There's a lot of joy," says the Rev. James Burns, pastor at the Metropolitan
Community Church, which ministers to many gays and lesbians. In the last two
years, the number of AIDS funerals at the Capitol Hill church has waned by about
75 percent.

Once disease ravaged the congregation. And to many, the symbol of that human
toll was a memorial book kept on the altar and signed by church members. That
book has now been moved from the altar to the chapel, which is upstairs, off a
balcony area.

"It's not front and center anymore," Burns says. "For many years this church did
so many AIDS funerals, it loomed in the forefront of people's consciousness all
the time. It's a different emotional dynamic now.

"We have to balance remembering the dead with the sense that life goes on and
that there is a mission and ministry to do - here and now."

LOAD-DATE: September 03, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  The Denver Post


TYPE: FEATURE

                        Copyright 1998 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             552 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 28, 1997, Friday, Final Edition

U.S. Deaths From AIDS Fall Sharply; Better Therapies Get Part of Credit for
Dropt

David Brown, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 956 words


Deaths from AIDS in the United States last year fell significantly for the first
time since the AIDS epidemic began in the early 1980s, federal health officials
reported yesterday.

The decline in AIDS deaths occurred in all regions of the country and in all
racial and ethnic groups. However, the trend was not seen among women or among
people infected with the AIDS virus through heterosexual contact -- two groups
that account for an increasing proportion of the total number of Americans with
AIDS.

Epidemiologists at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), which
made the announcement, believe deaths from AIDS are falling for two reasons. The
number of infected people who are progressing to AIDS -- the advanced, often
lethal stage of the disease -- is leveling off. At the same time, better medical
therapies are prolonging the survival of patients who are already at that stage.

The total number of deaths from AIDS in the first six months of 1996 was
estimated at 22,000, compared with 24,900 deaths during a similar period in 1995
-- a 13 percent decrease, according to the data compiled by the CDC. Although
there had been slight declines for short periods earlier in the epidemic, last
year's was by far the largest.

The trend appears to have begun in 1995. Only some of the fall can be attributed
to the growing use of protease inhibitors, a potent new class of antiviral drugs
that didn't become widely available until last spring. Protease inhibitors are
now commonly used in combination with two other antiviral drugs in what has
become known as "triple therapy."

"AIDS deaths began to plateau in 1995, and that really suggests that something
began to happen before protease inhibitors were licensed by the FDA [Food and
Drug Administration]," said John W. Ward, CDC's chief AIDS epidemiologist.

Two forces, in particular, appear to have preceded the arrival of the first
protease inhibitor in December 1995. One was the use of two-drug antiviral
combinations, which prolonged survival among AIDS patients even though they are
less effective than triple therapy. The second is more widespread use of an
anti-infective pill that helps prevent Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia, the most
common "opportunistic" infection in AIDS patients, whose immune systems are
severely damaged.

The decline in nationwide deaths from AIDS reflects a trend detected in several
cities in the last few months.

Daily deaths from AIDS in New York fell by about 50 percent between November
1995 and November 1996. Total AIDS deaths in King County, Wash., which includes
Seattle, fell by 43 percent last year compared with the average annual number of
deaths in the preceding three years. In San Francisco, total AIDS deaths fell 15
percent between the last half of 1995 and the first half of 1996.

Public health officials in the District have not analyzed whether the number of
deaths has started to decrease. However, in Virginia, AIDS deaths fell from 443
during the first half of 1995 to 345 during the same period in 1996, a 22
percent decrease, according to the Virginia Department of Health. No statistics
are available for trends in Maryland.

The drop in mortality nationwide was not evenly distributed among groups of AIDS
patients.

Although the decline was 13 percent overall, it was 32 percent among American
Indians and Alaskan natives, 21 percent among non-Hispanic whites, 10 percent
among Hispanics, 6 percent among Asians, and 2 percent among non-Hispanic
blacks. AIDS deaths fell 15 percent among men, and rose 3 percent among women.

AIDS deaths among men infected by sexual contact with other men fell by 18
percent. Deaths in people exposed through intravenous drug use fell by 6
percent. People exposed through heterosexual activity had a 3 percent rise in
deaths.

The magnitude of the trend also varied by region. AIDS deaths fell 16 percent in
the West, 15 percent in the Northeast, 11 percent in the Midwest, and 8 percent
in the South.

The rate at which people infected with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)
progressed to AIDS was generally stable from the start of 1994 through mid-1996,
the CDC found. However, the rate of progression was seven times higher in blacks
and three times higher in Hispanics than it was in whites. Epidemiologists
estimate that, in all, 600,000 to 900,000 Americans are infected with HIV.

"Like much in recent AIDS news, this news is mixed," said Christine Lubinski,
deputy executive director of the AIDS Action Council, which represents hundreds
of AIDS service organizations in the country. "It's good to see that AIDS deaths
declined . . . however the deaths are increasing for women, and the infection
rates are increasing for people of color. What we now need to do is to ensure
that everyone at risk for HIV, or living with HIV, has access to good prevention
and health care."

Worldwide, AIDS deaths continue to rise. Last year, more than 1.5 million people
died from the disease, which amounted to about 25 percent of all AIDS deaths
since the start of the epidemic.

President Clinton said he was "greatly encouraged" by yesterday's announcement,
calling it "further evidence that this terrible epidemic is beginning to yield
to our sustained national public health investment in AIDS research, prevention
and care."

The president said the Department of Health and Human Services is releasing
another $ 202 million to be used under the Ryan White CARE Act, which helps
underwrite AIDS treatment in 49 cities. In recent months, much of the Ryan White
funds have gone to pay for triple therapy for AIDS patients. The treatments cost
up to $ 12,000 a year.

Staff writer Amy Goldstein contributed to this report.


LOAD-DATE: February 28, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart, The Washington Post, AIDS DEATHS (This graphic was not
available)

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                             553 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Daily Yomiuri

                              May 5, 1996, Sunday

Ministry booklets omit nation's '1st' AIDS case

BYLINE: Yomiuri Shimbun

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 503 words

DATELINE: TOKYO


Booklets about AIDS cases edited by the Health and Welfare Ministry in 1988 did
not include the case of a gay man whom the ministry recognized as the nation's
first AIDS patient three years earlier, it was learned Saturday.

The omission further complicates the mystery of who was really the country's
first AIDS patient.

The gay man was recognized in March 1985 as the first AIDS patient in Japan by a
ministry panel that later became the ministry's AIDS Surveillance Committee.

A former AIDS study team member said he did not know why the man's case was not
included in the booklets. "It is extremely odd that the collection did not
include the most important case," he said. "I wonder if it was determined during
the editing stage that the man did not really have AIDS."

Why the booklets failed to carry the nation's first AIDS case is an important
question, according to one of the lawyers representing hemophiliacs who
contracted HIV from tainted blood products. It is still unclear why the man was
recognized by the ministry in the first place when there was a hemophiliac
strongly suspected of having AIDS in July 1983, he added.

The lawyer said the revelation has strengthened his suspicions that the ministry
deliberately avoided recognizing the hemophiliac as the first AIDS patient. "The
first case probably lacked enough evidence to prove that the man indeed had
AIDS. The committee probably could not present detailed medical records," he
said.

Juzo Matsuda, an assistant professor at Teikyo University and a former member of
the ministry's AIDS research team, last month testified before a Diet panel that
if a hemophiliac had been recognized as an AIDS patient, it would have hurt
domestic pharmaceutical firms. "It is not difficult to imagine that ministry
higher-ups exerted pressure to suppress the information about the hemophiliac,"
he said.

The "AIDS Cases in Japan" booklets were compiled under the supervision of the
ministry, and published in January 1988 by the Japan Public Health Association,
a nonprofit organization.

The booklets covered 30 of the 40 patients who had been recognized as AIDS
patients by the AIDS Surveillance Committee as of spring 1987. The 30 cases
featured 17 hemophiliacs, eight homosexuals (including one non-Japanese) and
other five cases. The booklets described their symptoms and case histories.

The committee was headed at the time by Yuichi Shiokawa, professor emeritus of
Juntendo University. Shiokawa is scheduled to appear Wednesday before the Health
and Welfare Committee of the House of Representatives as an unsworn witness.

The gay man, a Japanese who was then a U.S. resident, visited the Juntendo
University hospital in January 1985. He was diagnosed as showing symptoms of
possible AIDS or pre-AIDS complications. The case was reported to a ministry
committee, the predecessor of the Surveillance Committee, which also was headed
by Shiokawa. The man was recognized by the committee as the first AIDS patient
in the country.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1996 The Daily Yomiuri


                             554 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    NOVEMBER 30, 1995 Thursday FINAL EDITION

CRITICISM DELAYS PLAN TO BOOST AIDS FUNDING SAYING AN UNDERCOUNT SHORTCHANGED
THE CITY, OFFICIALS WANT TO USE LAB TESTS TO NUDGE DOCTORS TO REPORT AIDS
PATIENTS. THEY HELD OFF AFTER FOES CITED PRIVACY RIGHTS.

BYLINE: Huntly Collins, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 918 words


Philadelphia has lost an estimated $2.7 million in federal funding over the last
two years because it undercounted the number of AIDS cases here by as much as 28
percent, city health officials said yesterday.

But a Health Department plan to prevent such undercounts in the future ran into
opposition from community groups yesterday, who contend the plan would
jeopardize the privacy rights of people with AIDS.

"More money might not be the top consideration," said Joe Cronauer, education
director of We the People Living with HIV/AIDS, an advocacy group.

He spoke at what was billed by health officials as a "community advisory
meeting" to let people in the AIDS community know about the department's new
plan, which was to take effect yesterday.

But following the 90-minute meeting, Health Commissioner Estelle Richman said
she would postpone implementing it.

"I need to digest all you've told me," she said to about two dozen community
representatives.

The plan, outlined by Erica Gollub, the city's AIDS epidemiologist, is aimed at
correcting the under-reporting of AIDS cases by doctors. It would use lab
reports to serve as a red flag for nudging doctors to report the cases.

Under state law, doctors must report to local health officials the name of any
person diagnosed with fully developed AIDS.

But city officials say the reporting is often spotty or late. "We are dependent
on the physicians and hospitals to report and, in many cases, that doesn't
happen," said Gollub.

She said doctors were "overburdened" and didn't have the time to report every
AIDS case. In some instances, she said, the reports have come in two years late.

Gollub said the problem intensified in 1993 when the federal government expanded
the definition of AIDS.

The new definition includes people who test positive for the AIDS virus and who
have low counts of a type of a white blood cell known as a CD4 cell. Under the
new definition, an HIV-positive person with fewer than 200 CD4 cells per cubic
milliliter of blood is considered to have AIDS. Because many of these people
still look healthy, doctors are less likely to report them as AIDS cases.

"It really magnified the problem," Gollub said.

To deal with it, the Health Department wants to require medical laboratories to
report to city AIDS-surveillance officers the name of anyone with a CD4 count
below 200. The officers would then contact the person's doctor to see if the
individual had AIDS. If so, the person's name would be entered into the city's
registry.

Gollub said labs are already required to report the names of people with 17
other AIDS-related conditions - such as a certain type of skin cancer or certain
bacterial infections - and that the CD4 count would simply be one more condition
for labs to monitor.

Getting accurate information, she said, is critical to tracking the AIDS
epidemic in Philadelphia, which has had nearly 7,800 AIDS cases reported since
1981. Unlike the trend in the rest of the United States, "our epidemic is
growing; it is not stabilizing," Gollub said.

According to Health Department estimates, Philadelphia would have had 500 more
AIDS cases in 1993 and 400 more in 1994 if all people with low CD4 counts had
been included.

Those cases translate into millions of dollars in lost federal funds from the
Ryan White CARE Act, which provides money for services to AIDS patients based on
the number of city residents with AIDS.

City officials said the involvement of medical labs in reporting suspected AIDS
cases would not jeopardize patients' confidentiality.

"We have had a system in place that has been name-based for AIDS reporting for
more than a decade now with no breaches in confidentiality," Gollub said. "We
will do our utmost to guard that confidentiality."

But representatives of AIDS groups peppered Gollub and other health officials
with criticism.

Anna Forbes, a member of Act Up and an AIDS consultant, said name-based
reporting of CD4 counts would deter people from getting tested for the AIDS
virus. She proposed using alternative ways to identify people's test results
without using their names.

But Gollub said such a system, which has been tried in other states, has proven
to be error-prone and costly.

A man who declined to give his name asked at the meeting, "What do you want the
names for? So you can round everybody up?"

The man, who said he had been diagnosed with the AIDS virus, added: "I wouldn't
have got tested if I thought my name would be given to the Health Department."

Dorothy Mann, executive director of the Family Planning Council of Southeastern
Pennsylvania, called the Health Department's decision-making process "an
outrage" because it didn't consult community representatives to help fashion the
new policy.

Because funds of the Ryan White Care Act are being cut by the Republican
Congress, Mann said, the Health Department could accomplish more by registering
people to vote than by collecting CD4 counts.

According to state health officials, 25 other states, including New Jersey and
Delaware, require laboratories to report CD4 counts.

After the meeting, Scott Burris, a Temple University law professor, said the
Health Department's plan would not violate state law protecting the
confidentiality of AIDS patients.

"We do have AIDS reporting now," Burris said.

"The only reason not to do this is that it freaks people out. Dealing with that
fear should be the main concern of the Health Department," he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;

PHOTO (2)
1. Health Commissioner Estelle Richman (left) answers a question at a meeting
with community representatives. With her yesterday were city health officials
Jesse Milan Jr. and Erica Gollub. (The Philadelphia Inquirer, MICHAEL S.
WIRTZ)
2. Philadelphia Health Commissioner Estelle B. Richman speaks at a meeting to
discuss counting the city's AIDS cases. Activists assailed the city's plan,
and Richman said she would postpone it. (A02)

                  Copyright 1995 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             555 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 11, 1991, Monday, FINAL EDITION

AIDS-related stock surge could fade

BYLINE: David Craig

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 700 words


Basketball star Magic Johnson has raised AIDS awareness - and, some think, the
investment outlook for companies that make products to battle the deadly
disease.

But experts say it's unwise for investors to bet that companies with anti- AIDS
products will see an increase in business soon.

Friday, at least, there were plenty of investors who thought otherwise. Several
AIDS-related stocks jumped after Johnson said late Thursday that he tested
positive for the HIV virus that causes AIDS. One of the clearest examples of
renewed interest in such stocks was condom maker Carter-Wallace, which soared 8
1/4 points before dropping back to close up 3 1/4 at $ 108.

As the leading condom maker, Carter-Wallace would benefit from a long-term
increase in the sale of condoms - which can prevent HIV transmission. There were
reports of a jump in condom sales over the weekend, but AIDS experts doubt the
sales boom will last.

A recent study by Deborah Cohen, a Los Angeles public health researcher, shows
only explicit instruction permanently boosts condom use. ''Awareness and
promotion campaigns are fine, but they don't increase use,'' she says.

There are few companies that are likely to see benefits soon from increased AIDS
awareness. For investors who want to invest in companies that might benefit
longer term, here are two areas to consider:

- Drugs and treatments. There is no shortage of companies competing in this
area, though only Bristol-Myers Squibb and Wellcome PLC now have drugs approved
for treatment of AIDS. Wellcome trade s on the London Stock Exchange.
Bristol-Myers trades on the New York Stock Exchange.

However, there are plenty of companies trying to develop AIDS drugs and related
treatments. A successful drug could mean huge profits for one or more of them.
Some of the stocks that got the most attention Friday were biotechnology
companies Immune Response and ImmunoGen.

- Testing. The big providers of AIDS tests now are Johnson & Johnson and Abbott
Laboratories. Both get only a small percentage of total revenue from the
business.

For now at least, analysts caution against trying to invest in AIDS- related
companies. ''Never buy stocks on this kind of news,'' says Jim McCamant, editor
of the Medical Technology Stock Letter. ''Wait and buy them later when the news
is gone. You'll always be able to buy them later at a cheaper price.''

 Contributing: Kevin Anderson

AIDS awareness boosts some stocks
                       AIDS-related          Friday          1991
Company             product or service     close, chng.      gain
   Immune Response  Developing AIDS medicine   $ 57 1/2, +3 1/2 1,896.5%
MedImmune        Developing HIV vaccine     $ 52 3/4, +2 1/4

470.3%(1)
Agouron Pharm.   Developing AIDS medicine   $ 19 3/4, + 1/2    203.9%
U.S. Bioscience  Developing AIDS medicine   $ 42 1/2, - 1/2    118.0%
Carter Wallace   Condoms                    $ 108, +3 1/4      101.9%
Isis Pharm.      AIDS medicine research     $ 19 1/8, + 1/8

91.3%(1)
ImmunoGen        Developing AIDS medicine   $ 21 1/4, +2 1/2    82.7%
Vertex Pharm.    Developing AIDS medicine   $ 15 1/2, + 1/4     72.2%
Chiron           Developing AIDS vaccine    $ 70 3/4, - 1/2     60.8%
Genentech        Developing HIV vaccine     $ 35 1/8, + 3/8     56.1%
Merck            Developing HIV medicine    $ 136 1/8, -1 1/4   51.5%
American Home    Developing AIDS medicine   $ 76, +1 3/8        44.4%
Schering-Plough  Developing AIDS medicine   $ 63 1/8, unch.     42.2%
Repligen         Developing HIV vaccine     $ 17 1/2, unch.     40.0%
Johnson/Johnson  AIDS detection test        $ 96, - 1/8         33.8%
Abbott Labs      AIDS detection test        $ 59 1/4, + 1/8     31.7%
Bristol-Myers    Developing AIDS medicine   $ 83 3/4, -1        25.0%

1 - since May initial public offering; 2 - since July IPO
Source: USA TODAY research

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

MAGIC'S IMPACT ON THE BUSINESS WORLD; See info box at end of text

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.


                             556 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             July 22, 1991, Monday

Break the scare cycle of AIDS and public

BYLINE: John Headreaction; disease; public; health; safety; regulations;
medicine; personnel

SECTION: EDITORIAL; SECTION A; PAGE 11

LENGTH: 556 words


Imagine a graph of public concern about AIDS and pressure on the government to
do something about it. The peaks will pretty much coincide with widespread media
reports that even hint at the spread of the disease into what such reports call
the "general population."

There were the scares over AIDS-tainted blood and blood products. The public
demanded and got action. Tests to detect the presence of the AIDS virus in blood
were developed. Screening programs were set up. In short order, the danger of
AIDS in the blood supply became minuscule.

There was the fear that an explosion of heterosexually-transmitted AIDS was
imminent. Public awareness of the disease rose sharply. Warnings that anyone was
vulnerable to AIDS were everywhere, many of them government produced or
sponsored.

Of course, an AIDS epidemic in the "straight" community in the United States has
not developed on the scale some were predicting. Draw another downward line on
that imaginary graph.

Those lulls in public concern and pressure for action on AIDS are the periods
when the vast majority feel they are not threatened. They retreat in comfort to
the notion that AIDS won't touch them. It's something that happens to the wrong
kind of people. Once again, it becomes the disease of promiscuous gay men and
junkies. Who cares?

Well, we're coming off one of the lulls and headed to another peak. This time,
the "threat" is AIDS-infected health-care workers. The public has demanded and
gotten action, including federal Centers for Disease Control (CDC) guidelines
that counsel doctors and dentists who perform invasive procedures to get AIDS
testing. There are many who are demanding even more than that.

I do not intend to dismiss the magnitude of the tragedy when anyone contracts
AIDS. What happened to Kimberly Bergalis truly breaks my heart. The young
Florida woman is dying of AIDS. She and four others were somehow infected by
their dentist, who died of the disease. It is the only documented case of a
health-care worker transmitting AIDS to patients.

However, these individual tragedies are not evidence that AIDS- infected doctors
are a threat to the national health. They certainly don't justify the remedies
some people are pushing, including AIDS testing for all health-care workers and
using a positive result as grounds for dismissal from the health-care work.

The available statistics indicate that the current public reaction is very much
overblown. If recommended procedures are followed, the chances of
doctor-to-patient transmission of AIDS is virtually zero.

There is irony in the fact that those who take the lead in fanning the flames of
AIDS hysteria expend about equal amounts of energy fighting the almost
non-existent threats and resisting action in areas where the real dangers lie.
They are for AIDS test for all health-care workers, for example, but against
government sponsored pamphlets on safe sex, condom distribution, needle-exchange
programs, etc.

I don't advocate doing nothing about AIDS and health-care workers. The CDC
recommendations are quite reasonable. I just think it's time to break the cycle
of going through the roof when we see AIDS as a threat to "us" and shrugging our
shoulders if it only happens to "them."

Mr. Head is a Constitution editorial writer.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                             557 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     June 18, 1991, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Ten years of AIDS: Despite the gloom, there is a bright side

BYLINE: Harry Schwartz

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 681 words

DATELINE: SCARSDALE, N.Y.


It was a fitting, grisly event to mark the 10th anniversary of AIDS: the news
that a Minneapolis physician with AIDS has now asked 328 of his patients to be
tested for the disease because he did invasive procedures on them after he
developed open sores on his hands.

The tragedies, if any, among this doctor's patients, will be only footnotes,
however, to the overall huge carnage already caused by AIDS. It is a rapidly
rising toll, and AIDS, in terms of number of victims, may soon be history's
worst single epidemic.

Since the first cases of AIDS were reported in June 1981, the World Health
Organization estimates that, in the entire world, 8 million to 10 million
adults, plus 1 million children, have been infected with the human
immunodeficiency virus which causes AIDS. It is not unlikely that 2 million or
more people have already died, and the toll goes up daily.

For the USA, we have better - but not more reassuring - statistics. The number
of people diagnosed with AIDS here is approaching 200,000. The number who have
already died is nearing 120,000. And the number of U.S. inhabitants who are
infected with the disease but have not yet been diagnosed is probably around 1
million.

Of the Americans who developed the disease last year, the single largest group
was white males in the prime of life. More than half of all last year's new
victims caught the disease during male homosexual or bisexual contacts. But
another 25% of the victims were women and heterosexual men who use intravenous
drugs, a group among whom blacks and Hispanics are disproportionately
represented.

We know that AIDS is primarily a behavioral disease. If, by some miracle,
homosexual intercourse and intravenous drug use suddenly ended, then the
incidence of AIDS here would drop precipitously. Since that miracle is not going
to happen, the maximum use of condoms by males and females alike is highly
recommended. And for those who take intravenous drugs, the use of sterile
needles would solve their problems.

There is a brighter side to the story. AIDS was discovered at a time when
science knows more than ever about human ills. The result was that, within three
years, the virus causing the disease was discovered. Had AIDS broken out a
century ago, the cause might never have been found. Even as recently as 1950 and
1960, the discovery would have taken decades.

Most important, this knowledge of the cause of AIDS has given the pharmaceutical
industry a flying start toward finding medicines that can prolong life - often
high-quality life - of people with AIDS.

The best estimates are that AZT, plus medicines now available to prevent or
treat AIDS' opportunistic infections, are prolonging the life of an average
person with AIDS by a year or two, or possibly even longer, than average
survival five years ago.

But the best is yet to come. At the current international AIDS conference in
Florence, Italy, announcement has been made of at least one most promising
advance, the simultaneous use of AZT and another anti-AIDS medicine.

Beyond this, however, the past decade has seen an unprecedented mobilization of
scientific talent by the pharmaceutical industry and by many governments.
Billions of dollars have already been spent looking for AIDS medicines and
vaccines. And more billions are now scheduled to be spent soon. The result is
that, down the road, there are literally dozens of new medicines that promise to
help even more to stave off death from AIDS.

Even the ultimate goal, a vaccine which can prevent AIDS, no longer looks
impossible, and encouraging advances are taking place. The problem is to test
these new medicines rapidly so they can get past the barriers the Food and Drug
Administration and similar agencies abroad have erected.

Will a magic medicine that can cure AIDS be available in 1995? Probably not. But
we already know enough so that if we all take needed safeguards, the
transmission of AIDS can be cut drastically.

Meanwhile, the pharmaceutical war against AIDS is now at work at high speed and
substantial gains by 2000 seem certain.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Debate

ANOTHER VOICE; MEDICAL PROGRESS; Harry Schwartz is a free-lance writer
specializing in medical topics. He was for 29 years a member of The New York
Times' editorial board.

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.


                             558 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              July 12, 1985 Friday

Foreign aid bill passed in Congress

BYLINE: REUT

LENGTH: 436 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


WASHINGTON  (Reuter) - The House of Representatives passed a foreign aid
 bill yesterday for 1986 and 1987 that cracks down on narcotics and
 terrorism and opens the door for increased U.S. involvement in Cambodia,
 Angola and Nicaragua.

After six months of private negotiations and three days of public
 debate on controversial amendments, the bill authorizing $12.6-billion in
 aid in each of the next two years was approved by voice vote.

It marks the first time since 1981 that both the House and Senate have
 passed foreign aid authorization bills, which set guidelines for U.S.
 policy as well as spending.

The House bill freezes foreign aid spending at 1985 levels and cuts
 $600- million from President Ronald Reagan's request.

Israel and Egypt were exempted from the freeze. Military aid for Israel
 was increased $400-million to $1.8-billion, and military aid for Egypt was
 increased $125-million to $1.3-billion.

House action shifting the bill's over- all emphasis from military aid
 to economic aid is opposed by the White House and could, along with
 language restricting arms sales to Jordan, cause Mr. Reagan to veto a
 final bill, some congressmen said.

Numerous differences between the House bill and the Senate version will
 be resolved later by congressional negotiators.

The House bill includes about $1- billion for Latin America, most of it
 for Central America, including $27- million in non-lethal aid to rightist
 rebels trying to overthrow the Government of Nicaragua.

The House, like the Senate, approved $5-million in unprecedented aid
 for non-Communist resistance groups fighting the Vietnamese in Cambodia
 and agreed to lift a 10-year ban on aid to rebels fighting Angola's
 Marxist Government.

Democratic Representative Lee Hamilton of Indiana, chairman of the
 House Intelligence Committee, warned, however, that repeal of the Angola
 ban does not mean aid will be granted.

The Reagan Administration has said it has no immediate plans to seek
 aid for the Angolan rebels and Mr. Hamilton said any request would be
 subject to normal approvals by Congress and its committees.

The House agreed to end military aid to Mozambique. Economic aid would
 also be halted unless Mr. Reagan certifies the number of Soviet- bloc
 advisers in the country has been reduced.

Mr. Reagan sought $3.1-million in military aid and $15-million in
 economic aid for Mozambique next year, up from $11-million in 1985.

The House slashed Mr. Reagan's request for military aid for the
 Philippines from $100-million to $25-million and warned future aid may be
 denied if President Ferdinand Marcos did not make significant progress on
 specific reforms.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             559 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           September 20, 2013 Friday
                                 First Edition

Politicising overseas aid shows meanness of spirit

SECTION: OPINION; Opinion; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 965 words


Axing AusAID as a stand-alone agency is a reckless move that will undermine our
reputation globally, writes John Brown*.

The Abbott government's cut to the overseas aid budget is extremely difficult to
understand or accept.

There is massive public support for overseas aid, as demonstrated in research
disclosed in 2006 by the then foreign minister, Alexander Downer, that showed 85
per cent of the community supported it.

The recent decisions on foreign aid have sent shockwaves through the Australian
aid community, and board members, staff and supporters of hundreds of Australian
NGOs, including church-based organisations, are reeling from dismay,
disappointment, anger and even grief.

While the government claims the decision is in "the national interest", it is
easy to argue that in fact, our interests will be undermined. The reckless
disregard for Australia's reputation is extraordinary, given the decision
coincides with Australia holding the chair as president of the UN Security
Council. Australia looks foolish saying that it will contribute increased aid
"when our own economic house is in order", when it has one of the most
successful economies in the world. It is also reckless to cut aid programs
part-way through the financial year, given the complex tasks associated with
planning and delivery.

While the public supports aid that alleviates poverty, few are aware of the
influence of perceived "national interests" on aid decisions. The flow and
distribution of aid has always been subject to balancing altruistic and
self-interest objectives, since the idea of aid began with the Marshall Plan in
post-WWII Europe. Australia is not exempt from using aid to meet its own
interests.

In 2010, it increased funding for sports-for-development activities (a valid and
important way to contribute to healthy engaged communities and build
partnerships), which was at least loosely connected with the World Cup football
bid. More blatant has been increased aid to Africa and Latin America in an
effort to gain a seat on the UN Security Council. African students on
scholarships in Australian universities are well aware of the connection. They
know the aid tap is turned on and off at the whim of donors, in ways unrelated
to development priorities.

The issue of aid effectiveness is, however, more important than the whims of
politicians. Aid professionals have learnt a great deal about aid quality and
how to maximise the likelihood that it will contribute to reduced poverty in
sustainable ways. These days aid programs assist people most likely to make a
positive difference in their countries, such as emerging leaders and sector
specialists.

They also support those excluded from the spoils of economic growth, such as
children, women, ethnic minorities or people with disability. Governments show
commitment through measures such as Millennium Development Goals. At community
levels, massive support for the Make Poverty History campaign exemplify shared
commitment.

The key to aid quality and effectiveness is the way aid is managed. This is why
the decision to axe AusAID as a stand-alone agency is most worrying. There is
uncertainty about how 2500 staff of AusAID will be managed, but signs are not
looking good. Aid effectiveness depends on coherent analysis of the causes and
processes of development. Aid programs need to be carefully designed and
undertaken over long periods of time. Systemic changes don't happen overnight
and short-term gains are usually quickly lost. Aid programs need to be
respectfully and thoughtfully implemented and evaluated. This requires highly
skilled aid workers and resources.

It is healthy to maintain a critique of aid to make sure it is doing the best
possible to tackle poverty and in efficient ways. In recent years AusAID appears
to have grown top-heavy and to have spent too much time micro-managing and
bullying organisations responsible for delivering aid. A management shake-up may
be deserved. But taking out such a big chunk of aid and following New Zealand
and Canada's decisions to shift aid agencies into Foreign Affairs is a step too
far.

The $4.5 billion cut to the budget is particularly bitter because funds "saved"
will be used to build Australian roads and thus increase our contribution to
carbon emissions, already way too high. Our increased use of cars will hit
developing countries in the region, such as Kiribati and Tuvalu,
disproportionately and tragically. Who is going to tell a subsistence fisherman
or community nurse in Kiribati that aid cuts to their country are needed so
Australia can increase its carbon emission rates? It will be an aid worker,
sickened to the stomach at bearing the news, not the politicians.

Australia might claim the moral high ground on domestic economic management, but
spare a thought for countries whose growth rates are affected by climate change.
And spare a bigger thought for fish farmers in Africa whose families benefited
from expertise provided by aid programs, who now see their ponds have dried up
because of global warming. Our self-interest may well backfire when countries
affected by rising sea levels become sources of large numbers of environmental
refugees.

Australians who pride themselves on a fair go, generosity and a commitment to
global justice and leadership are ashamed by the government's decisions on aid.
We have the means to help, so let us pull our weight, partner others who wish to
see a better world and play our role as a good global citizen. The electorate
may well care much more about people living in poverty than the new government
understands. It is in our national interest to promote leadership in global
efforts to address poverty.

*John Brown is the nom de plume for a specialist who has worked in the field of
foreign aid for 30 years.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             560 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            February 11, 2011 Friday
                                 First Edition

Charity says aid is military driven

BYLINE: DAN OAKES, FOREIGN AFFAIRS CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 577 words


FOREIGN aid is increasingly being used as a tool for military gains in countries
such as Iraq and Afghanistan, according to a report prepared by Oxfam. The
report says more than half of Australia's aid to Afghanistan from 2007 to 2009
was spent by the Australian Defence Force, which is not required to evaluate the
impact of its aid projects. "Some donors are increasingly concentrating both
humanitarian and development aid on countries and regions seen to threaten their
own immediate security interests, while neglecting other equally insecure,
impoverished and conflict-afflicted places," the report says.

"From Afghanistan to Kenya, poorly conceived aid projects aimed at winning
hearts and minds have proved ineffective, costly, and have sometimes turned
beneficiary communities and aid workers into targets of attack." A spokeswoman
for Foreign Affairs Minister Kevin Rudd said the minister welcomed the report,
but that the aid channelled through the military in Afghanistan was less this
financial year. "In 2010-11, it is estimated only a maximum of 14 per cent of
Australia's aid to Afghanistan will be expended by the Australian Defence
Force," she said. "In October 2010, the Australian Council for International
Development reviewed the Australian aid program to Afghanistan and found that
'unlike some other donors, Australia's aid program is not overly weighted
towards our military presence in Oruzgan'." Oxfam also says the number of
civilian aid workers killed worldwide has increased from 85 in 2002 to 225 last
year, and that the rise is partly because of the increasing perception that aid
workers are tools of the military. However, former Australian chief of army
Peter Leahy has said the report ignores the fact that in areas such as
Afghanistan's Oruzgan province - where most Australian troops are located -
civilian aid workers are often ill-equipped to distribute aid. "The military
have well developed engineering and training skills that allow them to provide
substantial support, such as road and bridge construction, that meets the
immediate needs of a population," Professor Leahy said. "Civil military
co-operation has improved enormously in recent years and the military are a
legitimate means of delivering aid. Aid organisations that seek to deny the
military the task of delivering aid are actually denying those in need of
support." Professor Leahy also said it was wrong to play down national security
as a legitimate objective of foreign aid. "Aid allows us to meet altruistic aims
but we also need to recognise that aid can meet our broader national interests
through developing unstable countries," he said. Civilians from AusAid work on
reconstruction projects alongside the ADF in Oruzgan but they and the few
Australian Federal Police are constrained as to where they can go by the tenuous
security situation. Last year's federal budget included a two-year, $141 million
program to boost the civilian aid effort in Oruzgan by increasing AusAID and
federal police numbers. The Oxfam report says the federal government's loudly
proclaimed focus on the Pacific region and on Afghanistan is an example of
governments distributing aid on the grounds of national security. The report
quotes Afghans as saying they do not need high-profile, "quick impact" projects
that do not improve their quality of living in the long term. They say
participation in the military-led projects also brings the risk of Taliban
reprisals.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             561 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                              July 5, 2005 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Giving aid is not as simple as it seems;
Poverty in Africa

BYLINE: TIM COLEBATCH

SECTION: NEWS; Opinion; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 801 words


Experience shows aid has not always been the answer to Africa's woes.

THE timing could not have been more pointed. As millions flocked to the Live 8
concerts urging world leaders to lift aid to Africa, the International Monetary
Fund published two research papers that said, summed up brutally: there is
little evidence that aid boosts growth.

In the face of a global outpouring of altruism to help the poor of the world -
with demands for more aid, more trade and less debt that match the IMF's own
official views - it was, let's say, an interesting move.

If there were little evidence that aid boosts growth, after all, there would be
little point in the G8 leaders this week agreeing to increase their aid, as they
will, let alone double it, as the IMF has urged them to do.

At first sight, it would appear that the IMF - or more precisely, its research
director, Raghuran Rajan, and senior researcher Arvind Subramanian, the papers'
authors - had endorsed the cynics who declare that aid doesn't work, and
denounce Live 8 as a stupid, egotistical, naive campaign that can only make life
worse for ordinary Africans.

The reality is more complex. Launching the papers in Washington on Thursday, a
senior IMF official insisted that the fund wants developed countries to
"substantially increase the level and effectiveness of aid. More aid is needed,
I think no one disputes that," he said.

Rajan, however, underlined his scepticism. "We know far less about what makes
aid work than the public or governments would like," he told the Financial
Times. "Acting like we know all the answers raises false expectations."

And as another observer commented, Live 8 and the Make Poverty History campaign
have raised global aid flows and expectations to unprecedented levels. If aid
fails this time, it might be very hard to win public support next time.

So those of goodwill need to understand why aid has not always worked as common
sense suggests it should.

The first reason, of course, is corruption. Australia learnt that lesson the
hard way when it untied its aid to Papua New Guinea and just donated it to the
PNG Treasury, from where PNG's rulers helped themselves.

The solution is to focus aid on specific priority programs, with controls to
ensure that the money is actually spent as intended. That is not easy when you
are dealing with sovereign governments, but in the past decade we have seen the
global focus on corruption and transparency increase sharply.

Rajan and Subramanian suggest two other negative "side effects" that they say
are virtually inevitable with aid, although when aid is used properly, they may
be outweighed by positive effects.

First, they point out, foreign aid flows in many African countries are very
large relative to the size of their economies. The sheer size of the inflow
lifts the value of the local currency. And as we know from Australia's own
experience, that makes imports cheaper and exports more expensive, reducing
output in other sectors of the economy, such as manufacturing.

Second, they say, aid flows become an alternative source of funds that reduces
the need for governments to become self-reliant. They tend to put less effort
into collecting taxes, nourishing domestic sources of growth, creating a good
environment for business, and spending money where it will do most to reduce
poverty.

But the IMF economists hedge their findings with caveats. First, they say, their
method of comparing broad growth figures across different countries is flawed,
and the findings could be "background noise" rather than real effects. After
all, success stories graduate out of foreign aid, leaving the hard cases behind.

Second, by focusing on aid and growth between 1960 and 2000, they are reporting
on the effectiveness of past aid, not recent aid. The world has made big reforms
to the way aid is delivered and targeted, and even between 1980 and 2000, they
concede, there is "some evidence of a positive relationship".

Look at Africa now. The IMF estimates that in the past five years, most African
countries grew faster than Australia, even in per capita terms. This year 45 of
the 51 African countries are forecast to record rising output per head.

Subramanian freely admits that: "Our findings, which relate to the past, do not
imply that aid cannot be beneficial in future. Overall, we see our papers as
urging care, prudence and perhaps a little more creativity and experimentation
when aid is delivered . . . so that its benefits can be fully exploited."

No one believes aid is a panacea. But it is a vital part of a solution that also
requires much greater efforts to crack down on corruption, to open markets and
reduce subsidised competition to African farm exports, and to ensure that this
new wave of aid will go where it will do most good.

Tim Colebatch is economics editor.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             562 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 29, 1995, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

For Legal Aid And the City, Peace at Last

BYLINE: By JAN HOFFMAN

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 33;  Column 5;  Metropolitan Desk;  Second Front

LENGTH: 1010 words


Nearly four months after Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani smothered a strike by lawyers
at the Legal Aid Society, the city has agreed to a contract that will require
Legal Aid to do just as much work for 16.5 percent less money, city and society
officials said.

In October, Mr. Giuliani denounced the striking lawyers, saying they had walked
out on clients and were trying to "hold the city hostage." He threatened to hire
permanent replacements unless Legal Aid accepted a contract with an 18-percent
cut in spending, more productivity and a no-strike agreement from its lawyers'
union.

Under the agreement reached last week, he gets virtually all that he demanded.

The city's budget for Legal Aid's criminal defense division will drop from $79
million to $66.4 million over the next 18 months, the duration of the contract.
(Legal Aid will lose $9 million this year and $12.6 in 1996.) To accommodate the
cuts, Legal Aid has lost 16 percent of its lawyers, through buyouts and layoffs.

At the same time, however, the contract requires the organization to represent
at least as many defendants as in the past. In 1993, Legal Aid handled 126,172
criminal cases, roughly 65 percent of the city's indigent criminal caseload. For
decades, the city has hired the Legal Aid Society to fulfill a constitutional
obligation to provide indigent defendants with lawyers.

The agreement with the city follows one reached earlier last week between the
Legal Aid Society and its union. The union contract does not include the
no-strike clause that Mr. Giuliani had insisted upon. But because the contract
lasts for four years, or twice as long as earlier agreements, city officials say
they are satisfied that labor stability has been guaranteed.

To earn back the right to be the primary lawyers for the city's impoverished
criminal defendants, Legal Aid, widely criticized as top-heavy, shed half its
supervisors, shook up its senior management and has begun to restructure its
offices.

The agreement with the Mayor concludes one of the bleakest and most rancorous
chapters in Legal Aid's 29-year history with the city. During the turbulent days
of October, when Mr. Giuliani canceled Legal Aid's contract, some Legal Aid
officials feared the organization's demise. The events of the last few months
have left the morale of many Legal Aid lawyers in tatters.

But now Legal Aid officials are using words like "cooperation" and "optimistic"
as they speak of the immediate future. "We have a new relationship in terms of
how we relate to our unions and the city," said Thomas R. Brome, the president.
"It is substantially less hostile than recent history has indicated."

The city has reserved the right to solicit bids from other lawyers' groups
seeking a slice of Legal Aid's mandate. Those efforts are on hold, but the
contract allows the city to monitor Legal Aid closely with frequent reports on
caseload and expenses.

The new budget is not as stringent as the Mayor's original demand of $62.4
million, but the city's chief lawyer, Paul A. Crotty, said he was satisfied that
Legal Aid had acted in good faith by cutting about $9 million so far. "I just
wanted to make sure that the contractor has enough resources to do the job but
doesn't have any surplus," said Mr. Crotty, the Corporation Counsel.

Among the most prominent managers who left during the shake-up were Nina
Epstein, who ran the Manhattan criminal defense division, and Lenore Gittis, the
chief of the juvenile rights division. Ms. Gittis said she would continue to
work for Legal Aid part time.

Legal Aid eliminated half its supervisors by laying off a quarter of them and
demoting another quarter to staff lawyers. In an unusual step, staff lawyers
were asked to fill out questionnaires evaluating their supervisors, and those
reports were taken into account in the final decisions, Legal Aid officials
said.

No staff lawyers were laid off, although 42 took buyouts. In the first year of
the contract, the remaining lawyers must give up some benefits, including five
days of vacation.

Legal Aid has promised the lawyers' union it will check salaries in two years to
make sure they are comparable with those of city prosecutors. That issue will be
subject to binding arbitration.

The contract also changes the way Legal Aid handles arraignments, the
entry-level hearings in the criminal justice system. The docket has swelled with
the increase of so-called quality-of-life arrests, a cornerstone policy of the
Giuliani administration. The Mayor wants those cases to be processed quickly,
both to prevent an ominous backlog throughout the system and to abide by a law
that allows defendants to be freed and a court date rescheduled if they are not
arraigned within 24 hours.

But Legal Aid said it did not want a client to see one lawyer at arraignment
only to be reassigned to another at the next stage. Arraignments can involve
important legal and investigative matters, said the society, which insisted upon
offering clients continuity of representation.

Under the new agreement, Legal Aid will assign a lawyer to sort out and handle
those cases like prostitution and squeegee window-washing that are typically
dispensed with in that first hearing. It will keep its traditional system for
more serious charges.

Although restructuring throughout Legal Aid has been propelled by the budget
cuts, Daniel L. Greenberg, the recently appointed executive director, said that
many of the changes -- including a new system of grouping lawyers into small,
collaborative teams -- would improve legal services for its clients.

The staff may not yet share his enthusiasm. Michael Z. Letwin, the union
president, said that although the cumulative impact of the fall's events had
devastated the staff's morale and left some people skeptical of the changes, he
was hopeful about Legal Aid's prospects.

"Despite all that's gone on," he said, "I'll look at this as having been worth
it. We'll come out a much better organization. I just wish there had been a less
painful way to get here."

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             563 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           February 24, 1987 Tuesday
                                  Late Edition

THIS COULD HAVE BEEN PREVENTED;
THE AGONY OF AIDS:A SYDNEY MORNING HERALD SPECIAL REPORT

BYLINE: By FRED NILE - The Rev Fred Nile is national co-ordinator of the
Australian Festival of Light and an MLC.

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 673 words


The tragedy of the large number of AIDS cases in Sydney, especially among
innocent people, is that many could have been prevented.

In 1982, I warned the Federal and State governments about the so-called gay
plague and was ridiculed.

In 1983, I called for strong government action to stop the spread of AIDS in
Australia but my calls failed to receive firm action by the respective
governments.

Instead of strong action the NSW Government moved in the opposite direction with
the 1983 Anti-Discrimination Bill which intimidated the Red Cross Blood Bank.

This bill was followed by the 1984 sodomy bill which legalised sodomy and
soliciting for sodomy.

My regular calls over the past 10 years for a cancellation of the so-called gay
mardi gras have also been ignored in spite of the STD spread and the growth of
the AIDS epidemic.

The gay mardi gras last Saturday night was the ideal way to spread AIDS. For
example, get 100,000 people crowded into the gay ghetto of Oxford Street, add
thousands of promiscuous homosexuals, many infected with the AIDS virus, add
large amounts of alcohol to reduce any remaining restraint, mix with anonymous
sex at the Showground until 6 am and you have a perfect recipe for an AIDS
explosion.

In the face of this AIDS epidemic we have the Government both Federal and State
grasping for straws and promoting the so-called "safe sex" program for
homosexuals and promiscuous teenagers.

Instead of using the fear of AIDS as an incentive to change lifestyles, our
governments have thrown in the towel with compromise policies such as: free
condoms for prisons and homosexuals etc, free new syringes for heroin drug
addicts, even in prison.

What a surrender of moral principle.

The recent death of Liberace from the AIDS disease who, with all his wealth and
intelligence, still died from AIDS should clearly demonstrate the fallacy of the
safe sex campaign.

The Government should use the AIDS epidemic as the basis for a new style,
educational, preventative, quit smoking-style community campaign in our schools,
on TV, etc.

Billboard slogans could be used such as "quit heroin - AIDS kills!" "quit
promiscuity - AIDS kills!" "quit homosexual acts - AIDS kills!".

Positive slogans could include "chastity saves lives - your life - AIDS kills",
"faithfulness in marriage saves lives - your life - AIDS kills", etc.

The Government should also introduce an AIDS control program to stop the spread
of AIDS by identifying all AIDS cases through a mass AIDS blood testing program
for every Australian, even if it has to be done twice, three months apart, to
locate every possible case.

Top priority should be given to AIDS blood-testing high-risk groups such as
homosexuals, prostitutes, prisoners and drug addicts.

Steps should then be taken to provide medical treatment and care with
quarantining where necessary.

Unless something urgent is done and governments have the courage to take firm
action, we face an AIDS pandemic in Australia and other Western nations.

It should be emphasised that a married couple in a faithful, monogamous
relationship can never catch AIDS except through contaminated blood transfusions
or dirty needles. Hence, the popularity of the new Private Blood Bank.

I feel angry that innocent men, women and children have been infected with AIDS
by contaminated blood.

Is AIDS the wrath of God disease? In many ways I believe it is. Adulterous and
promiscuous heterosexuals have blatantly broken God's laws of love such as the
Ten Commandments. Homosexual men by their sexual behaviour have rebelled against
God's creative plan and by their actions shaken their fist in the face of God.

Now God has intervened to bring them to a stop to save Hiscreation and to
protect His creative plan for a male and female in a loving relationship within
the bonds of marriage to bring into being new life.

Finally, what can be done? Perhaps no cure will be found for AIDS until our
Western nations, especially Australia, repent of their sin in accordance with
the Bible.

Sin is a recipe for death.

Repentence is a recipe for life.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: port: Fred Nile

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1987 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             564 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 4, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

AIDS DANGER: AFRICA SEEMS OF TWO MINDS

BYLINE: By JAMES BROOKE, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 9, Column 1; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 857 words

DATELINE: BANGUI, Central African Republic


One week, health authorities here completed a pioneering comic book designed to
warn Central Africans in simple language about the danger of AIDS.

The next week, officials destroyed videotapes made by a French television crew
about AIDS victims in Bangui Hospital.

In this capital, where 4 percent of all adults are believed to be infected with
the AIDS virus, the seemingly contradictory actions by local authorities in
December reflected attitudes common in much of Africa toward AIDS, or acquired
immune deficiency syndrome.

When talking to their own citizens, African governments increasingly treat AIDS
like any other public health problem. When talking to the outside world, African
governments appear to seek to hide the problem.

In Zaire, a pro-Government newspaper, Elima, recently published a series of six
articles describing AIDS and giving advice on how to avoid getting it.

'Serene and Humane'

''Zaire has opted for an objective information campaign, serene and humane, and
continues to refuse to allow its fellow citizens who are victims of AIDS to
become the object of cynical and unhealthy exploitation by the Western press,''
wrote Kitoto Kalombo, information director of Zaire's Public Health Department.

In addition to warning about the dangers of dirty needles and transfusions of
contaminated blood, Mr. Kalombo advised Zaireans to avoid ''nomadic sex.''

In another sign of Africa's increasing frankness about AIDS, Jeune Afrique, the
leading news weekly of French-speaking Africa, made AIDS the leading article of
its year-end issue.

''We must tell the truth,'' the article on AIDS in Africa began. ''Africa is the
most affected continent.''

Placing the Blame

The author said those responsible for ignorance in Africa about AIDS were
''doctors anxious to avoid panic,'' journalists with a ''misplaced'' sense of
responsibility and governments ''that have practiced an ostrich policy.''

But many Africans believe that international discussion of AIDS in Africa puts
the continent in an unfavorable light.

In November, several Nigerian newspapers published an article distributed by the
Soviet press-feature syndicate Novosti on the origin of AIDS. The article
implied that the deadly AIDS virus escaped after ''secret experiments at a
laboratory developing biological weapons at Fort Detrick, Md.''

The true origin of the virus is not known. According to an article published in
Science magazine in November, the earliest known AIDS virus was identified in
Kinshasa, Zaire, in 1959.

In Bangui in December, Health Ministry officials declined to talk about AIDS
with an American reporter, but the problem was openly discussed among residents.


Tests in Army Brothels

The French Army regularly administers AIDS antibody tests, which indicate
infection but not whether a person will develop the fatal disease, to ''African
hostesses'' who work in the army's two field brothels, one here and another in
Bouar, about 200 miles northwest of here.

So far, according to Col. Jean Carrie of the French Army, no French soldier
garrisoned in the Central African Republic has died of AIDS.

But it is estimated that 800 Central Africans and two Europeans died of AIDS
here in 1986.

In 1985, a random sample of 327 adults in Bangui between the ages of 15 and 34
found that 4 percent had antibodies to the AIDS virus in their blood. A separate
survey of local prostitutes found an infection rate of 19 percent.

''AIDS is a very serious problem in Central Africa,'' said Alain Jean Georges,
one of the authors of the survey. Dr. Georges, who is research director at the
Pasteur Institute here, said his laboratory performs 100 blood tests for AIDS
antibodies a week.

Next door to the institute, in the crowded wards of Bangui Hospital, doctors
often do not bother to test for AIDS. Instead of ordering a $20 blood test,
nurses have been trained to detect AIDS by consulting a rudimentary chart of
symptoms prepared by the World Health Organization.

In one bed, Fatima Germain, an AIDS patient from Bangui, lay still. Her withered
25-year-old frame displayed several AIDS symptoms -weight loss, fever, cough and
diarrhea.

Stress on Preventive Care

With a population of 3 million people and a Health Ministry budget of $5
million, the Central African Republic spends an average of $1.67 a year on
health care for a citizen.

To maximize this limited budget, the ministry stresses preventive care.
Officials have encouraged Dr. Jean-Louis Lesbordes, a French doctor at the
hospital, to undertake a public education program about AIDS.

In 1986 Dr. Lesbordes and a local artist, Gosue Daikou, prepared the comic book
about AIDS.

In recent years, Dr. Lesbordes has repeatedly spoken on the national radio,
issuing warnings about AIDS.

''Women have come up to me and have thanked me, saying, 'After you talked on the
radio, my husband stopped going out,' '' Dr. Lesbordes said.

But the authorities were not so enthusiastic about an interview Dr. Lesbordes
gave in December to Antenne 2, the French television network. Employees from the
Information Ministry seized the videotape and erased it.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             565 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright (c) 1988 Northwestern University Law Review
                       Northwestern University Law Review

                                  SPRING, 1988

                              82 Nw. U.L. Rev. 859

LENGTH: 2021 words

BOOK REVIEW: AIDS LAW FOR CITIZENS.

   A REVIEW OF AIDS AND THE LAW: A GUIDE FOR THE PUBLIC.  Edited by Harlon L.
Dalton, * Scott Burris, ** and the Yale AIDS Law Project.

New Haven, Connecticut: Yale University Press, 1987.  Pp. xvii, 382.  $ 25.00
(cloth), $ 7.95 (paperback).



   * Associate Professor of Law, Yale Law School


   ** Recent Graduate of Yale Law School

NAME: Leonard S. Rubinowitz ***

BIO:



   *** Professor of Law, and Research Faculty, Center for Urban Affairs and
Policy Research, Northwestern University

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  The AIDS epidemic has caused many people to stop doing business as usual.
...  The implicit interrelated objectives include: 1) use by an intended
audience that is not primarily lawyers, but consists instead of educators,
policy makers, legislators, and the vast array of other professionals who must
struggle with the increasingly pervasive legal issues generated by the disease;
2) accessibility to readers untrained in law, "without sacrificing precision or
sophistication" ; 3) scope sufficient to cover the broad range of important
legal issues; 4) adaptability to the rapid changes in medical knowledge and the
state of the law with respect to AIDS; and 5) sensitivity to the highly
political nature of these issues, particularly the role of fear in society's
response to AIDS. ...  Nevertheless, lawyers entering this legal arena may find
the volume a useful introduction to the vast array of AIDS-related issues. ...
Other useful contextual discussions focus on the importance of education as a
means of reducing transmission of AIDS and the conflicting cultures of
physicians and lawyers that may impede society's efforts to deal with the AIDS
epidemic. ... The final challenge Professor Dalton identifies grows out of the
fact that AIDS is an intensely political issue. ...

TEXT:
 [*859]  The AIDS epidemic has caused many people to stop doing business as
usual.  This book is a case in point.  It was conceived by a group of Yale Law
School students and faculty members as a way to "do something" about Acquired
Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS).  The group developed the conceptual
framework, decided on the specific topics to cover, and solicited and edited
chapters by legal, medical, and public health scholars and practitioners.  AIDS
and the Law reflects an extraordinary effort by more than two dozen editors
working with a similar number of authors over an eighteen month gestation
period.

   In the Preface, Professor Dalton suggests terms for assessing this volume.
He identifies as the project's overriding goal "to sift through the law as it
relates to AIDS and to communicate what we find to the people who most need to
understand the law's sweep."  n1 The implicit interrelated objectives include:
1) use by an intended audience that is not primarily lawyers, but consists
instead of educators, policy makers, legislators, and the vast array of other
professionals who must struggle with the increasingly pervasive legal issues
generated by the disease; 2) accessibility to readers untrained in law, "without
sacrificing precision or sophistication"  n2 ; 3) scope sufficient to cover the
broad range of important legal issues; 4) adaptability to the rapid changes in
medical knowledge and the state of the law with respect to AIDS; and 5)
sensitivity to the highly political nature of these issues, particularly the
role of fear in society's response to AIDS.  In spite of the tensions inherent
in this ambitious  [*860]  agenda, AIDS and the Law goes a long way toward
filling a major gap in the literature.

   The assumption that non-lawyers had an unmet need for legal resources on AIDS
seems very well founded.  The list of professionals with a need to know about
AIDS-related legal questions continues to grow, as these issues surface in
almost every setting imaginable.  However, the burgeoning AIDS-related legal
literature is addressed primarily to legal scholars and practitioners.  n3 This
volume is the first systematic treatment of AIDS and the law designed for the
wide range of professionals who have a critical role to play as society
addresses the extraordinary implications of the disease.

   The audience for this book may turn out to be both broader and narrower than
intended.  In addition to the professionals the editors targeted, PWAs (persons
with AIDS), people who are seropositive (test positive on a blood test,
indicating exposure to the virus that causes AIDS), and their families, lovers,
and friends may find this book extremely useful.  It may help them decide
whether to pursue legal remedies as a means of addressing practical problems.
Discussions of the legal aspects of education, employment, housing, insurance,
and other issues give such readers an idea of the terrain they enter if they
turn to lawyers for assistance.  n4 For those who do so, the book can facilitate
their full participation in decision-making that may be critical to their
future.  In short, this book is not just for professionals.

   At the same time, the book may not be as useful as other available sources
for lawyers handling AIDS-related matters or for legal academics.  Because of
the effort to reach professionals other than lawyers and the broad scope of the
book's twenty chapters, specific subjects do not receive the in-depth analytical
treatment available in the spate of recent AIDS-related law review articles,  n5
including those by authors represented in this volume.  Moreover, the constantly
changing state of the  [*861]  law may make the several loose-leaf services on
AIDS  n6 more useful for practicing lawyers than a published volume like AIDS
and the Law. Nevertheless, lawyers entering this legal arena may find the volume
a useful introduction to the vast array of AIDS-related issues.

   In deciding to address non-lawyers primarily, the editors committed
themselves to making the volume accessible to lay readers.  They selected
authors with a track record of communicating with people outside the legal
profession, and used the editorial process to ensure that the chapters would be
comprehensible to the intended audience.  To the extent that someone tainted by
legal training can discern, the book succeeds admirably in this regard.  n7
Authors define and explain basic terms and concepts needed by non-lawyers in
order to understand common law, constitutional, and statutory issues that AIDS
raises.  Discussions of basic legal issues are accurate, while avoiding
theoretical and technical questions that would be of interest primarily to legal
scholars and practitioners.  Moreover, the legal discussion in each chapter is
limited to matters central to the particular topic, with cross references to
treatment of related questions in other chapters.  Finally, the editors provide
a glossary of AIDS-related medical terms, to make the volume more accessible to
those unfamiliar with that vocabulary.

   Professor Dalton's self-assessment of the volume's scope seems on the mark.
n8 He confesses some embarrassment and dismay about the omission of topics such
as the impact of AIDS on Hispanic communities and legal issues related to
licensing of new drugs.  Discussions of developing and testing potential
vaccines and more extended treatment of issues related to nursing homes and
other residential health care facilities would also have been useful.  Still,
Professor Dalton appropriately concludes that the book's "scope and reach" are
"remarkable."  n9 First, the editors recognized the need to provide a context
for discussing legal issues.   Although medical discussions of AIDS abound in
the literature, the two chapters on that subject are particularly clear and
helpful, and lay the groundwork for subsequent legal analyses.  The brief
historical discussion provides a helpful perspective by discussing the dilemmas
society faced in dealing with the spread of venereal disease in the early part
of this century.  Other useful contextual discussions focus on the importance of
education as a means of reducing transmission of AIDS and the conflicting
cultures of physicians and lawyers that may impede society's efforts to deal
with the AIDS epidemic.

   Moreover, the scope of the legal discussion is so broad that lay readers can
use the book as a reference work.  It treats constitutional and statutory
discrimination questions, torts issues in transmission of AIDS, application of
landlord-tenant law, and access to insurance and medical care, among other
matters.  It considers a similarly wide range of institutional settings --
schools, the workplace, the military, prisons -- and groups impacted most
directly by the disease -- intravenous drug abusers, Blacks, and the lesbian and
gay communities.

   The editors also sought to produce a work that was both timely and enduring.
The rapidly changing environment of AIDS necessitates trade-offs in this regard.
Timely and up-to-date discussions are destined to be out-of-date in their
particulars in short order.  General, conceptual treatments are likely to be
more lasting, but less immediate and relevant for the intended audience.  For
the most part, the editors and authors walked this tightrope effectively.  The
medical and legal issues addressed will be with us for many years to come.
Methods of transmission, the meaning of discrimination in this context, the
tension between public health objectives and individuals' rights, and liability
related to transmission of HIV infection are long-term questions.  However,
several chapters emphasize medical and legal specifics -- the findings of
particular studies or the details of regulations -- thus risking becoming
obsolete with subsequent research or changes in law or policy.  n10

   The final challenge Professor Dalton identifies grows out of the fact that
AIDS is an intensely political issue.  Explicit or implicit political positions
are embedded in any effort to discuss AIDS-related legal issues.  This book has
a quite consistent political perspective, advocating "compassionate" and
"humane" treatment, defined in traditional civil libertarian terms --
prohibition of discrimination, protection of confidentiality, absence of
mandatory testing, and guaranteed access to insurance and medical treatment.

   The consistent focus on rights provides coherence for the book, but it runs
the risk of preaching to the converted.  The chapters are uneven in  [*863]  the
attention they pay to alternative perspectives on the left or the right, and to
trade-offs implicit in approaches they advocate.  For example, although the
chapter on insurance and a few others consider cost questions, most do not ask
who should pay for the extraordinary direct and indirect costs of AIDS.

   Fear also receives short shrift in a number of chapters.  n11 Although
Professor Dalton's Preface raises important questions about the role of fear,
the book does not fully realize the promise of that initial discussion.  Some
authors seem to assume that education will alleviate "irrational" fear
substantially, if not eliminate it.  This view may underestimate people's
mistrust of research findings on the methods of transmission of AIDS and their
skepticism about whether precautions will be implemented effectively.  Other
authors argue that the law should ignore the fact of fear and should focus
instead on serving the interests of those most directly affected by the disease
-- on the assumption that this coincides with society's interests.  Those that
are skeptical of this perspective when they begin the book may remain so when
they finish it.  Even so, they will benefit greatly along with other readers
from this extraordinarily comprehensible, comprehensive, and coherent volume --
a major contribution to the literature of AIDS.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Labor & Employment LawDiscriminationGender & Sex DiscriminationCoverage &
DefinitionsSexual OrientationMilitary & Veterans LawMilitary OffensesSafe-Sex
OffensesPublic Health & Welfare LawHealthcareCommunicable Diseases

FOOTNOTES:




n1  AIDS AND THE LAW: A GUIDE FOR THE PUBLIC xi (H. Dalton, S. Burris, & The
Yale AIDS Law Project eds. 1987).




n2  Id. at xi.




n3  There are some exceptions.  For example, several books on the practical
aspects of dealing with AIDS have included brief overviews of legal issues for
lay readers.  See, e.g., Rubenfeld, Legal Aspects of AIDS, in AIDS: FACTS AND
ISSUES (V. Gong and N. Rudnick eds.  1986); L. Martelli, F.  Peltz, & W.
Messina, WHEN SOMEONE YOU KNOW HAS AIDS: A PRACTICAL GUIDE 79-98 (1987); AIDS: A
SELF-CARE MANUAL 175-214 (B. Moffatt, J. Spiegel, S. Parrish, & M.  Helquist
eds. 1987).




n4  In discussing the case of Ryan White, a teen-age boy with AIDS denied
entrance into the Kokomo, Indiana schools, Frederick Kass concludes that
"disputes over school entry may become protracted and require resources
unavailable to most children.  Moreover, for children with a shortened life
expectancy, the rewards of such extensive efforts may be limited." AIDS AND THE
LAW, supra note 1, at 77.




n5  See, e.g., Law, Social Policy, and Contagious Disease: A Symposium on
Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS), 14 HOFSTRA L. REV. 1 (1985);
Hermann, AIDS: Malpractice and Transmission Liability, 58 COLO. L. REV. 63
(1986-87); Leonard, Employment Discrimination Against Persons with AIDS, 103
DAYTON L. REV. 681 (1985); Merritt, Communicable Disease and Constitutional Law:
Controlling AIDS, 61 N.Y.U. L. REV. 739 (1986); Banks & McFadden, Rush to
Judgment: HIV Test Reliability and Screening, 23 TULSA L.J. 1 (1987);
Commentaries, Schatz, The AIDS Insurance Crisis: Underwriting or Overreaching,
100 HARV. L. REV. 1782 (1987), and Clifford & Iuculano, AIDS and Insurance: The
Rationale for AIDS-Related Testing, 100 HARV. L. REV.  1806 (1987).




n6  See, e.g., AIDS Policy & Law (BNA); AIDS Law & Litigation Reporter
(University Publishing Group); AIDS Legal Guide (Lambda Legal Defense and
Education Fund, Inc.).




n7  It is difficult for anyone past the first few weeks of law school to make
this assessment.  As I said in a talk to entering Northwestern Law School
students, reflecting on my own law school experience: "It is very difficult to
know what you didn't know when you didn't know it.  Translated into English,
this means that some of the things that I learned in that first year became so
deeply etched in my brain that they became part of me, and I forgot that I
hadn't known them before law school." Rubinowitz, Four Questions, THE
NORTHWESTERN REPORTER, Spring 1987, at 5.

   As a senior faculty member on Northwestern Medical School's AIDS Mental
Health Education and Evaluation Project, I have struggled with making legal
issues accessible to non-lawyers, including health care professionals, police
personnel, and Catholic educators.  In making presentations to non-lawyers, I
have developed an appreciation of the difficulty of the task, as well as the
ways of doing it effectively.  Thus, in spite of my taint, I feel confident in
judging the book a success in this regard.




n8  AIDS AND THE LAW, supra note 1, at xv.




n9  Id.




n10  Discussion of the limitations in studies would have underscored their
tentative nature.  For example, studies finding no evidence of transmission of
the virus by "casual contact" involve relatively small numbers of subjects.




n11  For a suggestion that the law attend to questions about allocations of
costs and fear, among other matters, in responding to the AIDS epidemic, see
Rubinowitz and Shapo, Confronting the AIDS Challenge, NAT'L. L.J., March 7,
1988, at 13.


                             566 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                   Copyright (c) 1989 Ohio State Law Journal
                             Ohio State Law Journal

                                   Fall, 1989

                              49 Ohio St. L.J. 877

LENGTH: 2343 words

SYMPOSIUM: CURRENT LEGAL ISSUES IN AIDS: Introduction to Symposium on AIDS

NAME: Henry A. Waxman *

BIO:



   * Democratic Congressman from California, 24th District; Chairman of the
House Subcommittee on Health and the Environment; principal author of
legislation regarding AIDS research, counseling, discrimination, and
confidentiality, which subsequently was incorporated in the AIDS Research Act,
S. 2889. The subcommittee has held over 20 hearings on AIDS over the past six
years.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  During the AIDS epidemic as in other times of national emergency, American
lawyers have special responsibilities, as officers of the court, members of
society, and educated professionals with positions of credibility and respect.
...  AIDS AND THE HEALTH CARE SYSTEM ...  Lawyers, in cooperation with our
colleagues in medicine and public health, must work to prevent these issues from
dividing the country and from disabling our response to the disease. ...  AIDS
is not the worst case scenario for medicine or public health or good law. ...
At a time when public fear of AIDS is pervasive, everyone who understands the
basic facts of the disease is obliged to provide public education. ... During
the AIDS epidemic, public health has not conflicted with civil liberties or
civil rights. ...  The epidemic is not just a public health drama played on a
political stage. ...  As AIDS becomes more assimilated into the daily life of
the Nation, care must be taken to manage the enormity of the epidemic without
neglecting the other sick and disabled of society. ...  None of them has made
the health care or legal system better for more than a moment for more than a
few individuals. ... Instead, we must use the hard-won wisdom of AIDS providers
to remake the health and legal systems into institutions that prevent illness,
care for the sick, and protect the disabled. ...

TEXT:
 [*877]  During the AIDS epidemic as in other times of national emergency,
American lawyers have special responsibilities, as officers of the court,
members of society, and educated professionals with positions of credibility and
respect. Specifically, lawyers must educate the public, political
representatives, and the courts about the facts of the disease. Lawyers must
provide for the care of AIDS patients within the present broken system of health
care and social justice. And lawyers must repair this broken system to ensure
that those in need are cared for and that the experience of this decade never be
repeated.

   If lawyers begin to fulfill these responsibilities, AIDS can be dealt with as
a medical crisis. If we do not, it will become a legal one as well.

   INTRODUCTION

   This Symposium deals with what I believe will be the legal legacy of this
decade. The Sixties will be remembered for civil rights, the Seventies for the
environment, and the Eighties for the epidemic. We will remember and regret
saving a few million dollars and losing hundreds of thousands of lives. We will
remember and regret shying away from education and instead moving to mandatory
testing.

   We will remember the hearings, debates, budgets, legislation, lawsuits, and
ballot initiatives. We will remember nothing but ominous silence from the White
House and the executive branch offices assigned the tasks of dealing with health
policy, and we will remember tortured rationalizations from the Department of
Justice officials assigned responsibility for nondiscrimination policy.

   In counterpoint to these political actions, however, this era will also be
remembered as the beginning of an infrastructure of health and legal
practitioners who have come to understand illness and dying as part of their
professional lives. The first years of the epidemic will also be remembered with
respect for the remarkable emergence of the thousands of volunteers who have
simply shown up to do the necessary work that no official or institution was
willing to do.

    [*878]  AIDS AND THE HEALTH CARE SYSTEM

   Dr. June Osborn of the University of Michigan has said that the Greek gods
could not have created a drama that would be more tragic and more ironic than
this disease, at this time, during this Administration. In many ways, such
tragedy and irony have made AIDS unique among health policy problems.

   At a time of massive reductions in domestic spending, AIDS demands a sudden
increase in research and health care funds. Policymakers who find it difficult
to tell heterosexuals about contraception must now tell homosexuals about safe
sex. A press corps that just five years ago could not use the words "gay" and
"lover" must now explain how "bodily fluids" are exchanged. A legal system that
does not recognize sexual privacy among adults must now deal with lovers' powers
of attorney. And gay people--who for years wanted only for the government to
leave them alone--now have a real need for protection and assistance from
governments that they fear more than ever, and with more reason.

   But in other fundamental ways, AIDS is not unique and has only shown in harsh
light the cracks and flaws in the American health care delivery system. The
epidemic has been a crystallization of the worst problems in preventing illness
and caring for the sick.

   AIDS has shown that the American health insurance system is unreliable and
unfair. If you lose your job because of the economy or your own disability, you
lose your insurance.

   AIDS has shown that Medicaid is shallow and inadequate. Many middle-class
Americans are learning the hard way that, in most states, you can qualify only
if you are totally disabled and have less than $ 1,500 to your name.

   AIDS has shown that we can produce medical miracles for the rich and plain
neglect for the poor. AIDS drugs and treatments are priced for kings, while
Medicaid is only for people who have been made paupers.

   AIDS has shown that our best private hospitals are basically businesses,
ready to dump those patients who have no insurance. It has shown that our public
hospitals are crowded, understaffed, underequipped, and bankrupt.

   To respond to the epidemic, the Nation must solve both sets of problems, the
specific and the fundamental. It will fall to lawyers to work with medical and
public health officials to ensure that the society that lives through the
epidemic is a society that is livable.

   AIDS AND THE LEGAL SYSTEM

   The U.S. Public Health Service has estimated that one and a half million
Americans are already infected with the virus believed to cause AIDS. They go on
to say that more than a quarter million Americans will become ill from this
infection within the next three to five years. Very soon, the number of
Americans who have died as a result of AIDS will outnumber the American
casualties of Viet Nam.

   I have used this comparison for years now, and I repeat it here not because I
believe that the seriousness of the epidemic is not known, but because I believe
these  [*879]  numbers and the Viet Nam comparison are useful in understanding
the political and legal problems to come. We face social dislocation unlike any
event other than war.

   The losses of the Viet Nam War deeply changed this country and the world.
International politics were re-aligned. Domestic policy was re-examined.
Patriotism, party loyalty, and civil protest were all radically redefined.

   In the next few years, AIDS will deeply change America as well. If AIDS
claims as many lives as projected and costs the country the billions it appears
it will, there will be serious national stress and division. Fundamental changes
will occur in those institutions that middle-class Americans have come to take
for granted: medical care, insurance, education, employment, and--most of
all--privacy. Lawyers, in cooperation with our colleagues in medicine and public
health, must work to prevent these issues from dividing the country and from
disabling our response to the disease.

   AIDS AND THE RESPONSIBILITY TO EDUCATE

   In important ways, this work is assisted by the nature of the epidemic
itself. As hard as it is to imagine, AIDS is not as bad as it might have been.
It is infectious, but it is not easily caught. It is not the bubonic plague of
the Middle Ages. It is not the flu of seventy years ago. AIDS is not the worst
case scenario for medicine or public health or good law.

   The first agenda must be to convey that simple fact to the public. At a time
when public fear of AIDS is pervasive, everyone who understands the basic facts
of the disease is obliged to provide public education. Education programs--both
in academic and workplace settings--must face the ongoing dilemma of how to
lower irrational fears while increasing the legitimate sense of urgency for
social response and for personal changes in sexual and drug practices.

   In providing this education, it is clear, however, that because of the legal
and social confusion surrounding sexuality in this country, AIDS may not be the
worst case scenario for medicine or law, but it may be for politics. Ideologues
who have always hated gay men and lesbians are arming themselves with the new
rhetorical weapon of AIDS. Such people will manipulate public fears, regardless
of public health.

   In service both to their clients and the community, legal professionals must
be prepared to rebut these medical McCarthyites. Lawyers should reveal them for
the propagandists that they are and should respond with facts. Such education is
necessary before any other progress can be made in AIDS law.

   AIDS AND THE RESPONSIBILITY TO PROVIDE CARE

   But even after these educational and plainly political issues are dealt with,
there will be many hard problems, many of them discussed in this Symposium. As
Professor Vogel notes (see Vogel, Discrimination on the Basis of HIV Infection:
An Economic Analysis, 49 Ohio St. L.J. 965 (1989)), we will have to evaluate
what employment rights are in this country of opportunity. We will have to
examine the cost accessibility of health care in our high-tech society. We will
have to reconsider what we mean by insurance and risk-pooling in a time of
uncertainty.

    [*880]  In addition to these specific problems, we will have to provide
routine health and legal services to people with AIDS in ever-increasing
amounts. As Professor Rivera says (see Rivera, Lawyers, Clients, and AIDS: Some
Notes From the Trenches, 49 Ohio St. L.J. 888 (1989)), representing people with
AIDS is inevitable, and few legal fields will remain untouched by its particular
difficulties.

   The first point that must be made loudly and clearly, as Mr. Gostin does (see
Gostin, The Politics of AIDS: Compulsory State Powers, Public Health, and Civil
Liberties, 49 Ohio St. L.J. 1017 (1989)), is that the law should support
defending the public health. The responsible protection of individual rights is
not at odds with the protection of public health. Contrary to its portrayal in
the popular press, AIDS is not a question of individual rights versus public
well-being. No one advocates such an extreme defense of individuals. To do so
would be to defend yelling "Fire" in a crowded theatre.

   During the AIDS epidemic, public health has not conflicted with civil
liberties or civil rights. Quarantine is both useless medicine and legal
tyranny. Keeping a job is not inconsistent with good public health.

   Rather, the law should be revised to work well with public health and medical
strategies for responding to AIDS. What is known and understood about this
disease is known because AIDS patients and gay men have cooperated with
scientists. When civil liberties for these people are threatened, the only
outcome will be that the disease will be driven underground. We will know less,
and our chances of stopping the epidemic will grow smaller.

   Unfortunately, attempts to provide clear federal protections of the rights of
those infected have been thwarted at every turn. Lawyers must work to reverse
this stance and to enforce the current law as it was intended. Discrimination is
bad private practice and bad public policy. In this case, it is also bad for the
health of the Nation.

   In addition to these global issues, however, legal professionals must brace
themselves for the flood of daily demands for AIDS services. Lawyers must be
prepared to resist both the attacks of ignorance and ideology as well as the
seductions of con artists and snake oil salesmen. People with AIDS and the
people who represent them must become the sophisticated consumers of health and
social services that many elderly and disabled people have become. Professor
Rivera eloquently catalogues the demands and needs that lawyers must be prepared
to address.

   This is a saddening realization, not just because of the amount of work that
must be done, but because articles like Rivera's are an implicit acknowledgment
that AIDS is not just an emergency that will be dealt with and be over. The
epidemic is not just a public health drama played on a political stage.

   It is also daily life--tedious, mundane, maddeningly slow, and detailed. It
is not just getting a drug approved, but also paying for it. It is not just
getting insurance, but also understanding deductibles. It is not just signing up
for research, but also getting fully informed consent.

   Lawyers must equip themselves for these services as conscientiously as they
would to provide tax planning or family law. AIDS is not just a catastrophe for
the nation, but also daily life.

    [*881]  AIDS AND THE RESPONSIBILITY TO REPAIR

   As difficult as these first tasks are, the third is even more so. Legal
professionals must look beyond the AIDS epidemic and plan for health and legal
systems that will serve Americans better. As AIDS becomes more assimilated into
the daily life of the Nation, care must be taken to manage the enormity of the
epidemic without neglecting the other sick and disabled of society. Even those
doctors and lawyers most concerned for people with AIDS and the special tragedy
of this epidemic will have to deal with the routine of keeping the whole system
functional.

   When the battle to have AIDS recognized as an illness and not a curse and to
have people with AIDS recognized as citizens and not victims is won, AIDS
professionals and patients must continue to care for others as well as for each
other. If there is one clear lesson from the epidemic, it is that the Nation
cannot have health or legal systems that are "Every Man for Himself."

   Today AIDS is headline news. Legal AIDS cases will create precedent, generate
publicity, and lead to journal articles and celebrity support. But other health
care groups have found such attention fleeting. The halls of Congress are filled
with disease societies and disability foundations. None of them has made the
health care or legal system better for more than a moment for more than a few
individuals.

   As the costs of the epidemic mount, such a single-issue approach to AIDS law
and medicine might lead to impossible forced choices in policy, such as whether
to pay for AIDS drugs or for prenatal care, whether to pay for nursing home beds
for people with AIDS or for the retarded, or whether to do research on AIDS or
on Alzheimer's.

   Such fighting over slices of a small, badly made pie will help no one. If the
mean-spiritedness shown to people with AIDS is allowed to divide them from other
disabled and sick and disenfranchised people, then the epidemic will have
divided and conquered the nation.

   Instead, we must use the hard-won wisdom of AIDS providers to remake the
health and legal systems into institutions that prevent illness, care for the
sick, and protect the disabled. If we do less, then we will have to say that
over forty thousand Americans have died in vain.

   If we can achieve this, we can know that they did not.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Labor & Employment LawDiscriminationGender & Sex DiscriminationCoverage &
DefinitionsSexual OrientationPublic Health & Welfare LawHealthcareCommunicable
DiseasesPublic Health & Welfare LawHealthcareServices for Disabled & Elderly
PersonsAIDS & HIV


                             567 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright (c) 2014 American University/Sustainable
                            Development Law & Policy
                      Sustainable Development Law & Policy

                                  Winter, 2014

                      Sustainable Development Law & Policy

                       13 Sustainable Dev. L. & Pol'y 47

LENGTH: 20053 words

IN THIS ISSUE: IPAT IN PRACTICE: U.S. FOOD AID REFORM THROUGH ALTERNATIVE
DISPUTE RESOLUTION

NAME: By Delilah J. Griswold *

BIO:


* Masters in Environmental Law & Policy Candidate 2013, Vermont Law School Ms.
Griswold earned a B.A. magna cum laude in Anthropology from Wheaton College. She
wishes to thank Professor Laurie Beyranevand for her invaluable insight and
guidance in the production of this article.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... The unique entrenchment of a controversial tied-aid policy within U.S. aid
programs highlights the powerful economic interests of key stakeholders who
assert influential authority over the direction of aid policy The key
stakeholders include the agricultural industry, nongovernmental food aid
organizations reliant upon monetization of in-kind donations for program
funding, and the shipping and maritime industry that benefit from the transport
contracts for tied food aid.  ... Despite widespread opposition to tied aid
shifts away from tied aid among other donor countries, and multiple pushes for
the reform of U.S. aid, the United States has yet to transition away from a
"nearly 100 % tied food aid policy." ... Critics note that "allowing non-US.
commodities to be purchased with U.S. funds would result in undermining the
coalition of commodity groups, PVOs, and shippers that support the program, and
in reductions in U.S. food aid." ... Bush's efforts at reform were supported
most notably by then-USAID Administrator Natsios, who strongly favored the
proposed reforms to food aid policy Natsios specifically championed efforts to
increase the flexibility of aid, allowing for increased cash assistance for
local and regional procurement.  ... The Food Aid Reform Act focuses on
improving the efficiency and effectiveness of international food aid by: (1)
eliminating U.S. procurement requirements for agricultural commodities, (2)
eliminating the costly and inefficient practice of "monetization" (selling food
aid commodities in recipient countries to finance development projects), (3)
aligning nonemergency food aid with the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, and (4)
exempting U.S. food aid provided from cargo preference requirements.  ... While
mirroring the Obama budget in its elimination of Title II funding, the Food Aid
Reform Act lacked comparable reallocations to either food aid NGOs or the
shipping industry Even if divergent parties were brought together,
multi-stakeholder negotiations alone would not be enough to guarantee successful
reform efforts.

TEXT:
 [*47]  I. INTRODUCTION


     "Don't worry about what I feed my family. You just give me some money
     and I will take care of it. You don't have to assume that I don't know
     what to feed my family. The problem is that I happen to be poor and if
     you can't do anything about that then get out of here. Don't waste my
     time." [#x7E] Female Farmer, Bangladesh, 1980s  n1


The opening sentence of Amartya Sen's Poverty and Famines states succinctly,
"[starvation is the characteristic of some people not having enough food to eat.
It is not the characteristic of there being not enough food to eat."  n2 The
idea and the details of its substantiation caused a paradigm shift in academic
and political discourse concerning famine and hunger.  n3 Those concerned with
the plagues of malnutrition and starvation began to conceptualize their causes
in intricate relation to economics and markets as opposed to considering them
solely in relation to the supply of food.  n4

   In addition to positing the notion of entitlements and access as the
foundation of food security, Sen also highlighted the significant role
government plays in stabilizing and ensuring the necessary entitlements and
access, thus quelling the potential or severity of hunger and famine.  n5
Consequently, hunger is no longer perceived solely as an inevitable consequence
of natural systems, but instead as a malevolent event, largely preventable and
ameliorable through appropriate governmental intervention.  n6 Although impacted
by controllable policy, Sen was quick to add that the cause of malnourishment is
complex and very often a result of sudden, uncontrollable natural events or
prolonged developments which gradually erode food security  n7 The theory thus
followed that flexible and locally-aware food aid and famine-prevention efforts,
which are unrestricted by rigid controls, provide the best potential for
effective relief.

   Despite Sen's foundational theories and the expanse of academic acumen that
his insights spurred both malnourishment and hunger persist while a bulk of food
aid policy remains unchanged and outdated. Based on modest calculations,  n8
recent estimates find that there are 36 million annual hunger-related deaths.
n9 Moreover, the recent trend is one of disquieting growth: Reports from the
United Nations ("UN") state that between 1992 and 2007, the number of
undernourished people in the world increased by 80 million.  n10 Furthermore,
the global food-price spike in 2007 meant that, by 2008, another 40 million
individuals had inadequate access to food bringing the total number of those
undernourished to 936 million-1 in every 6 people.  n11

   The persistence of outdated food aid policy, despite an improved
understanding of causal mechanisms and prevention tactics for reducing both
hunger and famine, highlights a main thesis of this article:  n12 Policy is
rarely empirical and frequently imperfect, and although academic expertise
offers significant insight, it is not always easily converted into appropriate
law and policy. As the largest single source of international food aid
lamentably with some of the most outdated food aid policies, the structure and
controversy surrounding U.S. food assistance serve as important case studies to
this argument. The failure to improve U.S. food aid helps to illustrate how and
why public policy often lags behind academic and empirical understanding on key
issues. The legislative process, which dictates the formation of U.S. policy, is
often over-burdened with competing interests and divergent stakeholders that
aggravate both strategic and institutional barriers to the cooperation and
negotiation necessary for effective decision-making.  n13

   In the case of U.S. food aid conflicting stakeholder interests have been a
key impediment to reform.  n14 Furthermore, efforts for reform have largely
ignored the importance and power of the key oppositional groups, failing
entirely to include them in conversations about how food aid policy might be
improved.  n15 The lack of facilitated and inclusive negotiation preceding
reform attempts has continually worked against change, in part by assuring
fervent opposition from the powerful excluded parties and further minimizing the
limited voice of those most impacted by the controversial policies.

   To this end this article proposes that improving legislative negotiations
through two specific alternative dispute resolution ("ADR") tactics--private,
multiparty negotiation and mediation by a pohtician--could have improved the
success of various food aid reform efforts in the past by working to balance
stakeholder power and quell detrimental opposition tactics. The field of ADR has
tremendous potential to aid the legislative process in both the specific area of
food aid reform as well as more generally by improving cooperative action toward
the beneficial resolution of disputes. Negotiations between diverse stakeholders
with divergent interests are often contentious, yet are also the foundation of
developing current policy and legislation. Consequently, a focus on improving
the level of cooperative action within negotiations is invaluable to forging
effective governance through appropriate policy.

    [*48]  To contextualize the contemporary controversy over U.S. food aid
reform, Part II of this article begins with a brief history and description of
the practical and political elements of international food aid policy, thus
elucidating the roots of the current controversy. This Part finishes by
analyzing the specific institutional components of U.S. food aid providing an
overview of the Food for Peace Act ("PL. 480"),  n16 the specific legislation to
be reformed and the associated statutes impacting the implementation of the Act.
Part III introduces the key stakeholders in the food aid reform debate,
highlighting their interests, goals, and influence in the contemporary food aid
controversy. Part IV introduces the concept of ADR and the theoretical
underpinnings that make it a valuable tool for improving the potential outcome
for food aid reform efforts. Through an implementation of ADR theory, Part IV
examines the recent attempts to achieve food aid reform, highlighting the key
tactical failings and concluding that the usage of multi-stakeholder
negotiations mediated by a key facilitative mediator could have improved the
likely success of food aid reform.

II. INTERNATIONAL FOOD AID IN PRACTICE AND POLITICS: FROM THE ROOTS OF THE
PRESENT CONTROVERSY TO THE STRUCTURE OF CONTEMPORARY AID

   For the past six decades, the United States has played a principal role in
international food aid spending roughly $ 2 billion annually since the
mid-1950s,  n17 and contributing 55% of all global donations since 2000.  n18
Despite its unquestionably large scale, U.S. food aid policy has been both
historically and contemporarily questioned for its efficiency and
appropriateness.  n19 From the 1950s to the 1970s, critics lamented U.S. food
aid policy "as a classic example of donor self-interest."  n20 They protested
that food aid programs were structured primarily to benefit domestic
agricultural and foreign policy interests of the donor state.  n21 Specifically,
aid programs served U.S. and other donor countries'  n22 economic interests by
creating outlets for surplus agricultural commodities, and as leverage to
influence political and economic policies of recipient states--an important
diplomatic strategy for gaining political power during the Cold War.  n23

   Removed from the primary aim of serving those in need donor-centric food aid
strategies often had unfortunate consequences,  n24 which spurred rising
criticism in the 1970s and 1980s.  n25 This criticism prompted an effort by the
United States and other donor states to amend aspects of the donor-oriented
policies in international food aid and by the 1980s and 1990s public opinion saw
these efforts as a success.  n26 As a result, global public and political
interest in evaluating international food aid policy waned.  n27

   Key academic publications in the early part of the twenty-first century,
coupled with the 2007-2008 global food crisis, reawakened both public and
political interest in the contemporary policies of food aid specifically
focusing attention on U.S. policies.  n28 Although the intensity of twenty-first
century food aid discussions matched previous levels, the context and content of
the controversy was markedly changed as aid had become increasingly linked to a
mix of international and domestic institutions with various agendas. The
expanded complexity of interests involved in food aid policy increased the
number of key stakeholders involved and complicated the dialogue concerning
reform.  n29

   Instead of focusing on the geopolitical and commodity surplus motivations of
donor-states, contemporary concerns emphasized the mechanisms of food aid
distribution and their problematic character.  n30 Specifically, the dilemma of
whether food aid should be in-kind and tied to the donor country became central
to an animated debate among various governmental and nongovernmental
institutions.  n31 Previously, the tying of aid was seen as a given and an
intrinsic component of the aid programs of grain-surplus producing countries
such as the United States, Canada, and Australia.  n32 As agricultural commodity
surpluses declined and disappeared due to a restructuring of agricultural
policies among donor states, the mechanisms of tying food aid changed with donor
countries sourcing food from the commercial market instead of governmentally
controlled domestic surplus stores.  n33 This requirement for commercial
sourcing and the concomitant fiscal strains, combined with growing academic,
public, and political disapproval towards tied aid prompted many donor countries
to abandon the practice.  n34 Most notably, the European Union ("EU") began to
untie its aid beginning in 1996, with Australia and Canada following suit within
the decade. "The United States, however, as the world's largest donor of food
aid continued with a nearly 100[%] tied food aid policy"  n35 Consequently,
twenty-first century food aid critique is directed specifically at the United
States.

   The unique entrenchment of a controversial tied-aid policy within U.S. aid
programs highlights the powerful economic interests of key stakeholders who
assert influential authority over the direction of aid policy  n36 The key
stakeholders include the agricultural industry, nongovernmental food aid
organizations reliant upon monetization of in-kind donations for program
funding, and the shipping and maritime industry that benefit from the transport
contracts for tied food aid.  n37 These powerful and entrenched interests reduce
the potential for cooperation or compromise in efforts for reform. Understanding
the specific nature of U.S. food aid policy, and the associated interests built
by that structure is essential to illuminating potential areas for improved
cooperation toward reform.

A. U.S. International Food Aid in Institution & Policy

   The Marshall Plan,  n38 launched in 1949, was the first U.S.
institutionalized food aid program, laying the foundation for the United States'
primacy in the amount of international food assistance provided.  n39 The United
States has since become the largest single donor of international food aid in
the world.  n40

   The United States Farm Bill,  n41 generally renewed on a five-year basis, is
the primary legislation addressing a variety of agricultural programs, including
international food aid.  n42 Fundamentally, the Farm Bill delineates the
specific tonnage of aid to be donated through the United States' food aid
programs  [*49]  and outlines the portions allotted to either emergency or
nonemergency aid while additionally proposing program funding levels--although
the final funding levels are ultimately approved through the federal budget
process.  n43 Thus, funding for most food aid programs is
discretionary--determined through the annual Agricultural Appropriations
Bill--and requires Congressional approval.  n44

   Of the numerous U.S. food aid programs, the Food for Peace program  n45 is
the largest.  n46 Both the U.S. Department of Agriculture ("USDA") and U.S.
Agency for International Development ("USAID") administer the program, which
accounts for 50 to 90% of the total food aid budget,  n47 a total contribution
of nearly 75% of all U.S. international food assistance.  n48 In recent times,
Title II under P.L. 480 has received the largest amount of funding, averaging $
1.8 billion in annual appropriations since 2008, with a current authorized
maximum level of $ 2.5 billion per annum.  n49

   At the height of the Cold War, the U.S. Congress passed P.L. 480, the
"Agricultural Trade and Development Act," which authorized the Food for Peace
program to "increase the consumption of United States agricultural commodities
in foreign countries, [and] to improve the foreign relations of the United
States."  n50 While signing P.L. 480 into law on July 10, 1954, then President
Dwight D. Eisenhower echoed this objective, noting that the purpose of the
legislation was to "lay the basis for a permanent expansion of [U.S.] exports of
agricultural products with lasting benefits to [the United States] and the
peoples of other lands."  n51 President Eisenhower's statement makes plain the
dual intentions of P.L. 480: expand markets for U.S. agricultural export with
the added benefit of providing international food assistance. P.L. 480 allowed
for the provision of surplus agricultural products to developing nations either
through emergency aid or on concessionary terms.  n52 In the decade following
the law's passage, 27% of all agricultural exports ($ 12.3 billion worth) were
shipped through P.L. 480.  n53

   P.L. 480 is composed of four parts, each listed under a separate title with
distinct objectives. Each title works to meet one of several overarching goals,
"including combating world hunger and malnutrition and [its] causes; promoting
sustainable development; and preventing conflicts."  n54 The most utilized and
significant section, Title II, Emergency and Private Assistance, is specifically
directed "to minimize hunger in the world . . . to ensure that one day no one
needs food aid" and is currently the largest single program source of U.S. food
aid.  n55 Between P.L. 480's inception and 2004, the Title II program provided
106 million metric tons of food assistance.  n56 From 2002 to 2011 the program
accounted for between 50 and 90% of total annual international food aid
spending.  n57 Unsurprisingly, a tenfold rise in the annual dollar value of U.S.
agricultural exports since 1954 has accompanied the passage of P.L. 480.  n58
Furthermore, the value of annual Title II programs has increased more than
threefold since P.L. 480's inception.  n59

   Title II of P.L. 480 functions through partnerships with nongovernmental and
private voluntary organizations ("NGOs" and "PVOs") that assist with
distribution.  n60 The U.N. World Food Program ("WFP") is the largest partner,
and the Title II program is the largest donor among all 82 WFP partner programs.
The celebrated successes of Title II include the development of
"self-sufficiency," or net-food export, in previously aid-receiving countries
such as France, Germany, Belgium, Austria, Italy, the United Kingdom, Spain,
Greece, Portugal, Cyprus, Turkey, Poland and former Czechoslovakia.  n61

   Despite these accomplishments, Title II is the target of major critiques of
U.S. international food aid policy. Distilling the essence of these critiques,
Seventh Circuit Judge Frank Easterbrook has sardonically stated that "[Public
Law] 480 has three beneficiaries: the starving, American Farmers, and the Owners
of American Ships."  n62 The most contentious components include U.S. commodity
preferences, which are directly authorized under the P.L. 480 program and
U.S.-flagged cargo preferences; and monetization, authorized under the Cargo
Preference Act  n63 and both the Food Security Act of 1985 and Title III of P.L.
480.

B. Tying Aid: Title II's Domestic Commodity Mandates  n64

   As highlighted by President Eisenhower's statement,  n65 Title II's original
goal was twofold: (1) to expand U.S. agricultural export markets, and (2) to
provide assistance for international populations in need of aid.  n66
Consequently, the primary form of Title II aid to receiving organizations has
always been domestically sourced and in-kind tied aid. By law, 100% of the food
aid must be sourced from U.S. agricultural producers.  n67 At the outset, aid
covered under Title II was sourced from surplus agricultural commodities
purchased directly from U.S. farmers by the former Commodity Credit Corporation.
n68 Because the United States has ceased to maintain significant stockpiles of
agricultural commodity surplus, the food aid provided under Title II is now
produced explicitly for the purpose of the program.  n69

   Currently, USDA's Kansas City Commodity Office ("KCCO") purchases the food
required for the Title II program. The purchases occur through a sealed-bid
fixed-price process: "USAID formulates a request for a specific commodity and
tonnage based on their needs and the domestic preferencing requirements, and the
KCCO creates an invitation for bids."  n70 Invitations to bid are sent only to
contractors who fulfill the qualification requirements established by the KCCO
n71

   The dual objectives of benefiting U.S. agricultural producers and the hungry,
and the aid structure their mutual fulfillment requires is at the root of
organizational, political, and public critique of the program. Contemporary
concern stems primarily from the reality that meeting the first objective,
prioritizing and benefiting U.S. agricultural producers, fundamentally impedes
the program's efficacy in meeting its second objective of hunger and famine
relief.  n72

C. Transporting Aid: The Cargo Preference Act

   In addition to 100% U.S. commodity procurement requirements for Title II food
aid 75% of the total tonnage of all aid distributed under the program must be
transported via U.S.-flag vessels.  n73 The Cargo Preference Act (P.L 83-644)
governs  [*50]  this transportation mandate for all U.S. government generated
shipments.  n74 Congress passed the Act in 1954, amending the Merchant Marine
Act of 1936 by adding "a new section 901(b), to ensure U.S.-flag vessel
participation in the carriage of U.S. government sponsored cargos."  n75 An
additional mandate, entitled the Great Lakes Set-Aside, "requires that up to
25[%] of Title II bagged food aid tonnage be allocated to Great Lakes ports each
month."  n76 These legislative requirements were primarily intended to ensure
the security and stability of the U.S. merchant maritime fleet.  n77

   A 2011 report from the U.S. Government Accountability Office ("GAO") noted
that "[t]hese legal requirements limit competition and potentially reduce food
aid shipping capacity, leading to higher freight rates."  n78 For monetized food
aid alone, ocean shipping between 2008 and 2010 cost $ 235 million, roughly
one-third of the total aid costs.  n79 Furthermore, for certain commodities the
cost of U.S.-flag ocean transport is frequently higher than the initial
commodity purchase cost: "[f]or example, while it cost[s] $ 3.9 million to
purchase the shipment of 10,000 metric tons of wheat to be sent to Malawi in
2008 for monetization, it cost[s] $ 4.5 million in ocean shipping."  n80
Overall, the cost to ship aid commodities is roughly $ 25 per ton less on
foreign flagged vessels than for U.S.-flag vessels.  n81

   Further aggravating the cost disadvantage of U.S.-flag transport is the
requirement that foreign built vessels wait three years after reflagging into
the U.S. registry to transport food aid.  n82 Like the general cargo preference
requirements, this additional requirement sought to secure U.S. shipyard
employment and the general security and stability of the U.S. merchant maritime
fleet.  n83 Alternatively, this restriction works to further reduce competition
for U.S. government-generated cargo, consequently increasing overall freight
rates for U.S. international food aid shipments.  n84 Specifically, this
limiting of competition "contributes to fewer ships winning the majority of the
food aid shipping contracts" and thus gives more leverage to the existing fleets
to demand higher freight costs.  n85

D. Monetizing Aid: The Food Security Act of 1985

   The selling of food aid commodities in local or regional markets in order to
fund nonemergency food assistance programs in those areas, referred to as
monetization, is arguably one of the most contentious components of current food
aid policy and its proposed reform.  n86 Monetization was originally authorized
by the Food Security Act of 1985,  n87 allowing "implementing partners that
received nonemergency food aid under USAID's Food for Peace program and USDAs
Food for Progress program to monetize some of the food in recipient countries
and use the proceeds to cover associated shipping costs."  n88 Funds generated
through monetization are typically used for development projects such as those
that "[provide] assistance to improve agricultural production, provide health
and nutrition activities, and support education and humanitarian needs."  n89

   Of the $ 2.5 billion spent to provide 2.5 million metric tons of food aid
commodities in 2010, the United States shipped a total of 540,000 metric tons
specifically for monetization; the procurement and transport of this monetized
freight cost more than $ 300 million.  n90 In the same year, 63% of the total
food aid tonnage under the Food for Peace program, more than 313,000 metric
tons, was destined for monetization.  n91

   Monetization is carried out by food aid partner organizations, primarily
NGOs, who have received grants from either USAID or the USDA "to monetize agreed
upon commodities in certain countries."  n92 When submitting a grant
application, the implementing partner must have secured a buyer in the recipient
country; if the organization has met this requirement, the agency "approves or
disapproves the request, which is then routed to KCCO KCCO purchases the
requested commodities from U.S. producers in the United States and ships them to
the implementing partner in the recipient country"  n93 This shipment must
comply with the cargo preference requirements, which the U.S. Department of
Transportation ("USDOT") aids KCCO in meeting.  n94 Ultimately, the process of
monetization consists of at least seven major steps, with as many as 50
sub-steps, "including steps to complete the application, conduct market
assessments, coordinate requests and shipment, identify bidders and obtain bids,
deliver commodities, and collect payment."  n95

   Like domestic procurement mandates for food aid monetization originated in
part from surpluses in U.S. agricultural commodities--a phenomenon largely
resulting from U.S. government farm subsidies.  n96 Those critical of
monetization frequently note that "the U.S. government no longer has surplus
agricultural commodities[;]"  n97 consequently, the current maintenance of the
program depends on U.S. government purchases of agricultural commodities from
the commercial market.

   While proponents of monetization laud its facilitation of necessary
development programs for the food insecure, critics deride the program as
inefficient and potentially detrimental to the stability of markets in recipient
countries.  n98 Although the programs funded through monetization provide
essential services, 2007 and 2011 reports from the GAO make it clear that
monetization is inefficient:  n99 "The inefficiencies stem from the process of
using U.S. government funds to procure food aid commodities in the United States
which are then shipped to the recipient country and sold."  n100

   Moreover, following a 2002 Farm Bill amendment to the Food for Peace Act,
neither USAID in its administration of the Food for Peace programs, nor USDA in
its administration of Food for Progress is obligated to achieve a specific level
of cost recovery: instead each agency is simply required to achieve "reasonable
market price," a standard left undefined by the statute.  n101 Thus, the only
steadfast condition on monetization is that the sale be "an amount not less than
15% of the aggregate amounts of all commodities distributed under Title II
nonemergency programs for each fiscal year,"  n102 a condition which is
continually met at rates above the minimum requirement.  n103

   Taken together, these policies compose the structure of tied US. food aid--
aid that mandates spending in the donor country as opposed to providing direct
monetary assistance to recipient nations. Despite widespread opposition to tied
aid shifts away from tied aid among other donor countries, and multiple pushes
[*51]  for the reform of U.S. aid, the United States has yet to transition away
from a "nearly 100[%] tied food aid policy."  n104

   The United States' ostensible inability to modernize its food aid policies is
directly linked to the strong economic interests of powerful stakeholders
pulling in the opposite direction. It is telling that a significant portion of
the U.S. food aid budget is spent domestically: "[I]n 2004, for example, it was
estimated that some 90[%] of the aid budget was spent inside the country"  n105
The primary beneficiaries of this spending include domestic agricultural and
maritime industries, as well as food aid NGOs.  n106 Each of these groups has
formed large and influential lobbies, tasked with quelling any effort to alter
the structure of food aid in a way that would limit the direct support these
organizations receive under the current order. Consequently, as will be
highlighted in Part III, the asserted efforts of these institutions have been
the primary obstacle to food aid reform in the United States.

   The argument of this article, taken up in Part V, is that this is not an
inevitable fate for food aid reform but a precedent that is largely ameliorable
through the use of specific alternative dispute resolution tactics. Before
making this argument, it is first important to clearly understand the interests
and influences of the stakeholders involved.

III. FOOD AID REFORM & DIVERGENT STAKEHOLDER INTERESTS

A. Reform-Supporting Stakeholders

   Sen's 1981 analysis of famines made clear that "[f]amine was not caused by a
slump in the overall availability of food, but by the loss of entitlements to
that food.  n107 Thus, social scientists adopted a focus on "demand failure" as
opposed to "supply failure" as the appropriate means to evaluate the cause of
famines.  n108 Focusing on demand failure resituated famines as "predictable
consequences of normal market processes given that markets respond to purchasing
power rather than to need."  n109 This shift to a focus on entitlements has also
altered the way relief and aid are academically conceptualized: "[A]consensus
has emerged from famine ethnographies that famines are preventable and that
relief initiatives must focus on restoring lost entitlements and not simply
"throw grain at famines."  n110

   The United States' Title II hunger and famine aid policy, which functions by
effectively prohibiting any other tactic than the "throwing of
grain"--specifically US.-produced grain--has been the focus of numerous public
and political critiques. These critiques have come from a variety of
individuals, institutions, and organizations, representing both sides of the
U.S. political party divide. Notably, appeals for Title II reform have created
such uncharacteristic bedfellows as The Heritage Foundation  n111 and Oxfam
America.  n112 These unexpected partnerships are most clearly explained by two
theoretical categories of critique, which underpin most arguments against the
current food aid policies. Specifically, there are those concerned with fiscal
efficiency and those that focus on humanitarian efficiency. Unsurprisingly, the
supporting stakeholders motivated by fiscal concerns include the conservative
organizations such as The Heritage Foundation and Republican legislators.

   On the other hand, reform supporting aid organizations, federal agencies, and
agency administrators, most notably Andrew Natsios, Administrator of USAID from
2001 to 2005, are primarily motivated by humanitarian concerns. While this
divide helps contextualize the uncharacteristic partnerships, it is not a
hardline division. Overlap exists with many humanitarian organizations making
appeals premised on fiscal efficiency, while food-aid reform supporting fiscal
conservatives also make humanitarian-minded arguments for policy change.
Consequently, instead of exploring the strict divisions, it is more relevant to
highlight the principal arguments motivating pushes for reform.

   The primary arguments of food aid reform supporters include the critique that
too much of the aid budget is wasted on U.S. mandated procurement and consequent
transport, which can also delay aid, making it less effective.  n113
Furthermore, those in support of reform note that domestic procurement
preferences increase costs to agencies and aid recipients and reduce the amount
available for the provision of actual aid.  n114 Finally, supporters critique
U.S. commodity distribution and monetization as having a detrimental effect on
local markets in the areas in need of aid, consequently exacerbating future
need, and failing to meet the program's goal of increasing food security.  n115

   Concerted efforts to reform U.S. food aid did not emerge on the political
scene until the start of the 21st century, when a number of key publications
awakened public and political consciousness to the issues of U.S. food
assistance policy  n116 In a 2005 statement supporting a move away from domestic
procurement requirements and other tied aid measures, Andrew Natsios, then USAID
Administrator, commented: "The primary purpose of the Title II program is to
save lives and having more flexibility in our programs to use cash to buy food
locally will save lives;" adding that "[t]he fact that United States farmers and
shippers are able to benefit from the Food for Peace program is an important,
but secondary benefit."  n117

   Natsios' comments convey the typical humanitarian appeal for food aid reform.
These ethical arguments are frequently coupled with economic arguments
concerning efficiency, as those supporting food aid reform are quick to
highlight the inefficiencies of domestic commodity and U.S.-flagged cargo
preferencing.  n118 Most argue that by allowing for local procurement  n119 --as
opposed to the current laws that require domestic food purchases--U.S. food aid
funding could provide more food at lower cost and a faster pace.  n120
Furthermore, supporters of reform also critique the practice of monetization
both for the efficiency issues addressed above and because the practice hampers
the development and long-term resilience of local agricultural markets in aid
-receiving regions.  n121

   Despite bipartisan, multi-institutional and academic support, reform efforts
have been largely unsuccessful primarily because of the influence of key
oppositional groups motivated by strong economic interests in maintaining the
food aid status quo. These groups--the agricultural lobby, the shipping lobby,
and food aid NGOs--have exerted powerful pressure within the  [*52]  U.S.
Congress, successfully swaying the most important institutional body in food aid
policy.

B. Opposing-Stakeholders

   Often swayed by the aggressive lobbying efforts of reform-opposing groups,
many lawmakers voice skepticism about the lauded efficacy of cash aid versus
in-kind--or tied--food aid.  n122 Most note the potential loss of important U.S.
industry and jobs if the proposed reforms to food aid are implemented.
Furthermore, many lawmakers are simply not impressed by the predictions of
savings in the realm of "$ 500 million over a decade," a comparatively small
sum, "when stacked against the vocal complaints about the potential loss of jobs
and markets for US.-grown food."  n123

   Furthermore, there are cynical concerns about the ability of international
food aid to maintain its robust funding if it loses the support of powerful
agricultural lobbyists. Critics note that "allowing non-US. commodities to be
purchased with U.S. funds would result in undermining the coalition of commodity
groups, PVOs, and shippers that support the program, and in reductions in U.S.
food aid."  n124 Further fueling opposition are concerns regarding the ability
of the United States to receive public credit for aid purchased locally in the
area of need as opposed to being U.S. sourced and shipped. American Farm Bureau
economist Veronica Night has stated "[e]xports via food aid are a small drop in
the market. . . . Our concern is less about decreasing an important revenue
stream for U.S. agriculture. It's more about the loss of a sense of pride."
n125

   These general sentiments, shared by many reform-opposing lawmakers, are an
overall reflection of steadfast lobbying efforts on the part of three key
oppositional stakeholders--the agricultural industry, the shipping industry, and
some food aid NGOs.
1. AGRICULTURAL INTERESTS & LOBBIES

   The interest of U.S. agricultural producers, processors, and handlers in
maintaining domestic procurement mandates for food aid is readily apparent. The
depth and power of this interest is largely galvanized by the corporatization of
the agricultural industry. The majority of the global grain trade is controlled
by just four firms--Archer Daniels Midland ("ADM"), Bunge, Cargill, and Louis
Dryfus.  n126 Consequently, the purchase of U.S. aid commodities through the
commercial market provides direct and substantial benefit to the handful of
private grain companies.  n127 Furthermore, the domestic procurement mandates
restricting food aid commodity sourcing "mean[] that there are a limited number
of potential providers bidding on contracts."  n128 Unsurprisingly, "more than
half of food aid in the Food for Peace program was purchased from just four
large transnational agri-food companies and their subsidiaries: ADM, Cargill,
Bunge, and Cal Western Packaging."  n129

   This low level of competition has resulted in a price premium for food aid
commodities.  n130 Estimates show that wheat is now sourced at roughly 3.2%
above market rates, while maize procured for aid has on average a more than 70%
price premium.  n131 Consequently, "domestically sourced food aid costs the U.S.
government on aveerage 11[%] more than marke prices."  n132 Accordingly,
domestic procurement mandates serve to assure both a market and a bloated profit
for the handful of companies controlling the global grain trade.

   A quote from a wheat industry lobby group, the U.S. Wheat Associates, conveys
the entrenched interests: "Losing in-kind donations and monetization would be a
difficult blow for the U.S. wheat industry"  n133 The U.S. wheat industry is the
agricultural sector most supported by food aid as "23 [%] of all hard white
wheat exports for 2001-[0]2 and 17[%] of hard red wheat exports in 2002-[0]3
were sold to the government for food aid programs."  n134 Other key agricultural
lobby groups fighting against food aid reform include the National Association
of Wheat Growers and the North American Millers Association.  n135

2. SHIPPING INTERESTS & LOBBIES

   The shipping industry's interest in maintaining the status quo for food aid
policy is also huge: "[F]or US.-flag vessel operators, their bread and butter
remains in the transportation of food aid."  n136 For a number of shipping
firms, this declaration is unequivocally true. For shipping lines such as
Waterman Steamship Corporation and Liberty Maritime, contracts for food aid
shipment are responsible for the vast bulk of their income.  n137 Moreover,
between 2003 and 2006 the U.S. food aid programs have funneled nearly $ 1.3
billion in government money toward the shipping industry in the form of food aid
contracts.  n138 However, support also flows in the reverse, as the shipping
industry is responsible for substantial amount of political campaign donations,
n139 giving the shipping lobby considerable weight in U.S. politics. Industry
representatives that have been active congressional lobbyists on the issue of
food aid include the American Maritime Congress, American Maritime Officers, and
the Maritime Trades Department of the American Federation of Labor and Congress
of Industrial Organizations ("AFL-CIO"). Overall, the combination of their
significant stake in maintaining the food aid status quo and their political
might makes the shipping industry a powerful player in preventing U.S. food aid
policy reform.

   Like the grain industry, the U.S. shipping industry is characterized by large
scale concentration--over half of the $ 300 million spent on the transport of
food aid in 2004 went toward contracts with just five shipping firms.  n140 Such
mandates under the Cargo Preference Act work to benefit a small portion of
U.S.-flagged shippers through stringent policies that prevent contracts from
going to newly flagged vessels.  n141 Consequently, "[i]n the 1990s there were
only eighteen shipping companies that were qualified to bid on food aid
contracts, and by the early 2000s this number had dropped to just thirteen."
n142 Moreover, as explained in Part II, "[t]his lack of competition at the
shipping and freight end of food aid has led to inflated prices for
transportation."  n143

   A fundamental argument made by the shipping and maritime industries is that
US.-flagged aid shipments are important for national security because they
ensure that the United States "is able to maintain vital sealift capabilities
during peacetime."  n144 Those making the argument note that in 1975 the United
States had over 850 US.-flagged ocean vessels but that by 2012 the  [*53]
number had dropped to 109. Predictably, there has been a concomitant drop in the
percentage of U.S. commercial cargo transported on U.S. vessels, falling from
10% in 1959 to 4% by 2012.  n145 These statistics evidence shippers' appeal that
cargo preference laws mandating the transport of food aid on U.S.-flag vessels
provide a critical source of cargo for the dwindling U.S. fleet and thus offer
an essential assurance that the United States "[maintains] adequate sealift
capacity, both to support [the] military and to ensure . . . the retention of .
. . at least a core of skilled merchant mariners and commercial vessels of all
types."  n146 Ultimately, this appeal cautions that a loss of U.S. food aid
cargo for US.-flag vessels would expedite the decline of an already diminishing
fleet, making the Nation's sealift "objectives . . . dependent on
foreign-flagged vessels operated by foreign mariners."  n147

   The protection of a US. merchant maritime fleet is also praised as providing
essential jobs and economic stability for a number of U.S. citizens.  n148
Industry representatives warn that an exemption of food aid from cargo
preferences would put U.S. jobs on the line by compromising the economic
stability of already struggling shipping fleets.  n149

3. FOOD AID NONGOVERNMENTAL ORGANIZATIONS

   As noted in Part III, the U.S. policy of providing in-kind food aid coupled
with authorization for the monetization of nonemergency aid serves as an
essential source of funds for U.S. based food-aid NGOs. The vast majority of
nonemergency Title II aid is funneled through NGOs charged with delivery and
sale of the donated commodity, achieved primarily through monetization.  n150
Unsurprisingly, the practice of monetization provides a significant funding
source for these NGOs.  n151 For certain organizations, the total funds provided
through the monetization of in-kind aid have been more than $ 100 million.  n152

   The capital generated by NGOs through monetization works to fund
non-emergency development projects that lack an alternative source of concerted
funding. Since the practice was first authorized in 1985, the overall percentage
of nonemergency Title II aid that becomes monetized has continued to grow: In
1996, 28% of nonemergency aid was monetized by 2001 the share had risen to 70%,
and in more recent years the portion has been as high as 74% on average.  n153
Furthermore, "[f]or some food aid operations, NGOs monetized the entire amount,
as it is a major source of their development finance."  n154

   Accordingly, the food aid NGOs reliant on the monetization of in-kind aid
institutionalized in U.S. food assistance policy are markedly opposed to reform
efforts that would disallow this practice. The Alliance for Global Food Security
has served as the primary voice of NGOs lobbying against reform to U.S.
international food aid.  n155 Importantly, the presence of food-aid NGOs in the
group opposing reform has given a "degree of legitimacy" to the industry
position, "and together they form[] a powerful bloc fighting against food aid
reform."  n156 This block of powerful stakeholders has unquestionable influence
in the debate about food aid reform.  n157 They have, and will undoubtedly
continue to have, a significant impact on the success, failure, and overall
composition of any changes to U.S. food aid policy.

C. The Voiceless Stakeholders

   Often forgotten in the midst of heated debates about food aid reform are the
people who depend on food aid for their daily survival, the stakeholders for
whom the debate and the outcomes are the most crucial; yet, they have the
smallest voice in the dispute over food aid reform. Logistically, it would be
impossible to include the opinions and perceptions of each potential recipient
in every dialog concerning reform. However, there are key representative bodies,
such as the recipient country governments and country-specific hunger relief
NGOs that are acutely aware of the potential consequences of food aid policies
for the ultimate recipients.  n158 Yet, these representatives are largely
voiceless in the determinant conversations over food aid issues in the United
States.

   Food aid policy has significant impacts on the lives of people in the global
South. Between 1994 and 2003 food aid served as the source of 15-20% of all food
imports for the least developed countries, a large portion of which are in
sub-Saharan Africa.  n159 In certain circumstances and in certain locations the
level of dependence is even more extreme--for example, from 2001 to 2003 food
aid contributed 46% of Ethiopia's total food supply  n160

   The trend in modern food aid need has been one of increasing emergency aid
and decreasing need for non-emergency assistance; by 2007 more than
three-quarters of aid was delivered as emergency support.  n161 Returning again
to Sen's work on the appropriate mechanisms for famine and hunger reduction, the
academic understanding is that aid should be flexible and adaptable to the
specific circumstances of the area in need especially in emergency
circumstances.  n162 Food systems anthropologist, Johan Pottier, explains the
basic rationale, noting that given the "diversity of famine situations" and the
conflicting opinions about the best mode of assistance, "the more reasonable
solution is to examine the merits and drawbacks of either option within highly
specific situations and to ensure that potential famine victims have some choice
regarding the kind of patronage system they wish to have."  n163

   Pottier acknowledges the political realities that determine the structure of
food aid policy, especially for key nations such as the United States. However,
this does not dissuade him from making the appeal that "relief and prevention
work, like development aid generally, can only be truly effective if potential
recipients have the power to determine what is used and how . . . [s]uch a
dialogue must never be considered a luxury"  n164

   Given the numerous stakeholders involved in U.S. food aid policy as well
their disparate levels of power, voice and influence, it is important to find
mechanisms that will facilitate an equitably weighted dialogue--where parties
that are the most impacted are also given a say and those with the least to lose
but with the strongest influence are prevented from overpowering the less
advantaged. This is where the use of alternative dispute resolution mechanisms
becomes important. As this  [*54]  article argues, contemporary attempts for
food aid reform have neglected to limit this divide in influence and consequence
between the various stakeholders. In fact, the inverse has been true, namely,
that the attempts for reform have aggravated this imbalance. The following
section highlights the important underlying theories of ADR and how they might
be applied to attempts for food aid reform. This is followed by an examination
of the specific attempts for reform, with an analysis of key barriers to
cooperative action and an evaluation of the potential for multi-stakeholder
negotiations, mediated by a key meditative figure to reconcile these barriers.

IV. THE ROLE OF ALTERNATIVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION

   The structure of U.S. food aid under Title II of P.L. 480 creates a system of
multiple, often unbalanced and conflicting stakeholders with antagonistic
interests. Consequently, ADR, which seeks to resolve conflict between multiple
parties through cooperative action, is a useful tool for improving the outcomes
of contentious debates about reform.  n165 Although the theories and tools of
ADR are most commonly used to avoid litigation, and not within the legislative
process, this is not to say that ADR has no role in legislative disputes,
particularly those that involve multiple stakeholders with varying degrees of
power and influence.  n166 Quite conversely, as the legislative process is often
fraught with conflict between divergent stakeholders yet procedurally flexible
and quite amenable to the tools of ADR, the limited application of ADR theories
and tactics is an unfortunate oversight.  n167

   In the case of food aid reform, there are additional impediments to a perfect
application of ADR tools. The process of ADR seeks to ask the fundamental
question: Why is it that under circumstances where there are resolutions that
better serve disputants, negotiations often fail to achieve efficient
resolutions?"  n168 In the situation of food aid reform, opposing stakeholders
benefit primarily from maintaining the status quo and consequently have limited
potential for achieving tangible gains from any cooperation for change. This is
an important consideration, but not a steadfast roadblock; the use of basic
dispute resolution tactics--facilitated private, multiparty negotiation--can
decrease the level of opposition by giving opposing stakeholders a stake in the
reform proposal, thus increasing the likelihood of less diluted reform measures
and greatly improving the balance of stakeholder power.  n169

   Recognizing and mediating the inherent power imbalance within food aid reform
disputes is essential to constructing effective negotiations. Although some
scholars have questioned the efficacy of mediated negotiations to reduce
imbalances in power, three key aspects of the mediation process--the voluntary
nature, the "empowerment function," and the "non-adversarial
approach"--explicitly work to "prevent power abuses by a more powerful party."
n170 In negotiations including all food aid reform stakeholders, a negotiation
would be refereed by a facilitative mediator  n171 equipped to reduce both power
imbalance and maintain focus on cooperative action toward mutual goals.

   The process of alternative dispute resolution begins by pinpointing the key
barriers to cooperation and only then determining the appropriate use of
specific ADR tools to improve cooperative action toward a favorable outcome.
n172 Following this process, the subsequent section examines key strategic
barriers that inhibit cooperation such as the aggravation of the stakeholder
power imbalance through the use of both "outside strategies,"  n173 use of the
media as a position-promoting strategy, and the dilemma of the "principal agent
barrier," a barrier primarily of representation.  n174 In this context, the
subsequent section highlights how facilitated multi-stakeholder negotiations
could work to mediate these barriers and improve the likely passage of favorable
food aid reform measures.

A. Attempts to Reform Food Aid & the Barriers to Cooperative Action

   Efforts to reform food aid since 2006 have shared both fundamental tactics
and fundamental flaws that have substantially and unnecessarily hindered actual
food aid reform. Attempts at reform, while including bipartisan and
multi-institutional support, neglected to give the key oppositional parties a
chance to negotiate the mechanisms of reform prior to their congressional
introduction.  n175 This tactic ignored the influential weight and substantial
interests of key oppositional parties and overlooked the necessity of inclusive
negotiations for the success of controversial legislation.

   These tactical oversights manifest as specific categorical barriers to
cooperative action: (1) bargaining through the mass media or an
"outside-strategy;" and (2) the "principal agent barrier" where final decisions
are filtered through representatives that do not often share the same interests
or motivations as their constituents.  n176 In the case of food aid reform
efforts, this outside strategy was employed not only in the political and
legislative arena but also by key stakeholder interest groups (both the
pro-reform agencies and NGOs as well as the oppositional lobby groups
representing the agricultural, shipping, and food-aid NGO interests).  n177 The
issue with this bargaining strategy is that it aggravates differences by
diluting the arguments and interest of each side into oppositional positions.
n178 This ultimately reduces the likelihood of cooperative action by decreasing
the parties' abilities to identify mutually beneficial solutions, as Tom Melling
explains: "Conflict encourages the media to create a story by exaggerating
differences and by polarizing parties' positions. . . . Reporters dislike
tentativeness, which discourages the flexibility that politicians need to make
compromises during long negotiations.  n179

   While Melling's analysis focuses specifically on the issues an outside
strategy creates for cooperation, this article argues that in the case of food
aid reform the same barriers are created by the outside strategies of key
stakeholder groups in addition to those used by the congressional
figures--consequently creating a "stakeholder dilemma" in addition to the
commonly occurring "politicians' dilemma."

   The issue of the principal agent barrier in food aid reform results from the
role of Congress in determining the ultimate  [*55]  fate of food aid policy.
Legislators, who arguably hold a stake in the food aid debate as a consequence
of effects on their constituents, are nevertheless primarily indirect
stakeholders; while key groups like the NGOs, food aid administering agencies,
lobby groups, and food-aid recipients make up the direct stakeholders. While
these groups face the most direct impact from the composition of food aid
reform, their interests and opinions must filter through Congress, creating the
representation issue often referred to as the "principal agent barrier."  n180

   To illustrate these barriers, the following three sections provide an
overview of three contemporary attempts at food aid reform, beginning first with
a series of attempts made by the Bush administration, then moving to the 2013
attempt by the Obama administration, and concluding with the attempt originating
by two legislators, Representative Ed Royce (R-CA), and Representative Karen
Bass (D-CA).

B. Bush Administration & Food Aid Reform

   In the 2002 "President's Management Agenda," former President George W. Bush
acknowledged the fundamental need for food aid reform.  n181 The specific
critiques highlighted by the report included the common laments regarding the
overly complex administration of the programs, the associated inefficiencies and
cost increases, and the wasteful and counterproductive nature of tied aid and
monetization with their potential to negatively impact the local agricultural
markets of recipient countries.  n182 Acting on these critiques, "[i]n early
2005, just as the food aid issue was heating up at the WTO, President Bush
included in his 2006 budget proposal a request for authority to allow 25[%] of
the food aid budget for that year to be provided in the form of cash for local
and regional purchase."  n183

   Bush's efforts at reform were supported most notably by then-USAID
Administrator Natsios, who strongly favored the proposed reforms to food aid
policy  n184 Natsios specifically championed efforts to increase the flexibility
of aid, allowing for increased cash assistance for local and regional
procurement.  n185 Despite the robust efforts by both President Bush and
Natsios, the 2006 budgetary reforms to food aid were defeated by Congress.  n186
A key factor leading to this rejection was the vocal opposition by the
agricultural, shipping, and NGO groups who asserted robust pressure on
legislators, convincing them that the proposed reform was unnecessary and
harmful to both the United States and food-aid recipients.

   Concomitantly to renewed White House efforts in the 2007 budget, efforts were
made to pass a new 2007 Farm Bill in the legislature. The new Farm Bill
legislation included a request for the allotment of 25% of PL. 480 Title II
funds toward cash assistance for the procurement of local and regionally
purchased food aid.  n187 This was intended to increase efficiency through a
reduction in food aid delivery times and savings on transportation and commodity
costs.  n188 However, Congress was more amenable to the lobbying of influential
agricultural, maritime, and food aid NGO interests, and the bill was ultimately
defeated.  n189

   Final efforts in 2008 again attempted to move a fraction of U.S. food aid
into cash allocations for local and regional purchase of aid commodities.  n190
President Bush's 2008 proposals followed largely from policy proposals drafted
by The Heritage Foundation, most notably allowing for local sourcing of food aid
by discontinuing domestic commodity mandates and exempting food aid from cargo
preferences--in other words, implementing partially untied aid.  n191
Furthermore, the proposal eliminated funding for Title I of PL. 480, which
authorizes the untargeted monetization of aid after 2001.  n192 However, the
heavy-handed agricultural lobby, shipping lobby, and certain NGOs reliant upon
monetization, significantly diminished reform efforts; "[t]hese groups were
[again] able to exert influence over a powerful part of the domestic
institutional setting where important decisions regarding food aid policy are
made: U.S. Congress."  n193 In sum, despite executive level, institutional, and
bipartisan support, the Bush Administration's attempts for reform had, at best,
limited success, as unsurprisingly, Congress' reception of the bill largely
paralleled this initial reception by important industry leaders.  n194

   In total, the food aid reform efforts made between 2004 and 2008 were
successfully opposed by an alliance of agricultural, maritime, and food-aid NGO
industry lobbyists asserting tremendous pressure over Congress and "shap[ing]
public discourse by posting news items and press releases on their websites and
testifying at numerous congressional hearings that touched on food aid."  n195
They also worked on the international platform, lobbying at the Geneva
Convention, targeting key trade negotiators.  n196 Ultimately, the reform
attempts achieved no change to the present structure of U.S. food aid policy
n197

C. Obama Administration & Food Aid Reform

   Relying on tactics almost indistinguishable from those proven unsuccessful by
the Bush administration, President Obama aimed to implement even more drastic
food aid reform measures in his 2014 budget proposal. In equal fashion, Obama's
budgetary reform to food aid, which attempted to completely replace in-kind aid
with cash aid, was largely eroded by Congress as the same strong oppositional
interests fought fervently against it.

   Yet again the primary opponents were the agricultural industry, the shipping
industry, and aid organizations that rely on monetization for nonemergency
program funding. These fierce lobby groups worked quickly to gather significant
support within Congress and oppositional efforts began as soon as February 2013,
when information about the budget proposal was leaked.  n198 After months of
fierce lobbying, "only a few lawmakers [were] prepared to publically support the
effort to send cash abroad to make distribution of aid faster and more
efficient. They [were] outnumbered by lawmakers from both parties who [wanted]
to kill the initiative or water it down substantially"  n199 A combination of
major aid organizations, including the Alliance for Global Food Security, and
various commodity groups headed the effort. Those opposed to reform used a range
of tactics to influence key lawmakers, including meetings, letters, and fueling
support from constituents.  n200 The major catalyst for inspiring  [*56]
opposition was a continual reference to the U.S. jobs at stake if the reform
went through.  n201

   Some of the most notable efforts to generate congressional opposition to the
proposed reform included a letter sent directly to President Obama with 70
signatories from various institutions and organizations against the proposed
changes to aid.  n202 This letter was followed in March by a similar letter sent
to nine congressional committees.  n203 The letters argued for the significance
of the "transparency, accountability and reliability" provided by the current
food aid system of in-kind contributions; further cautioning the potential for
corruption that comes with cash-based aid; and citing the importance of the
system for domestic job security.  n204 In addition to letters, there were also
direct interactions between oppositional interest groups and legislators,
including a meeting in March between congressional aides and the soybean farmers
opposed to aid reform.  n205 These efforts generated significant congressional
opposition, and President Obama's original proposal--a 100% re-appropriation of
funds typically provided for in-kind aid to cash transfers and untied flexible
food aid programs--was whittled down to a redistribution of just 45%.  n206

D. Congress & the Food Aid Reform Act

   Wary of the failure for the food aid reform proposed in the Obama budget,
Republican Representative Ed Royce, Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs
Committee, and Democratic Representative Karen Bass; Ranking Member of the
Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights and International
Organizations; introduced bipartisan legislation to reform major components of
U.S. international food aid. The legislation introduced in the 113th Congress,
and entitled the Food Aid Reform Act  n207 specifically targeted the Food for
Peace Program, calling for modernization and increased efficiency in an effort
to "reach more people, more quickly, at less expense."  n208

   In endorsing the Food Aid Reform Act both Chairman Royce and Ranking Member
Bass explicitly referenced the importance of food aid policy that benefits the
hungry and food insecure peoples in the most efficient and expedient way
possible. Chairman Royce noted that, "[t]he system through which the United
States provides food aid [to] those facing starvation is needlessly inefficient
and ineffective. Especially given the current fiscal environment. . . ."  n209
Ranking Member Bass echoed Royce's appeal for efficiency by stating, "[t]his
legislation provides commonsense reforms to our grossly inefficient system for
delivering food aid. . . [ensuring that] . . . funds aren't wasted as we seek to
lend a helping hand to those who would otherwise face severe consequences due to
food insecurity."  n210

   With the underlying goal of improving the efficiency and effectiveness of the
Title II food aid program, the Food Aid Reform Act specifically addresses U.S.
commodity sourcing requirements, U.S. cargo preferences, and food aid
monetization. The Food Aid Reform Act focuses on improving the efficiency and
effectiveness of international food aid by: (1) eliminating U.S. procurement
requirements for agricultural commodities, (2) eliminating the costly and
inefficient practice of "monetization" (selling food aid commodities in
recipient countries to finance development projects), (3) aligning nonemergency
food aid with the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, and (4) exempting U.S. food
aid provided from cargo preference requirements.  n211 Supporters of the reform
bill were motivated largely by what they see as an outdated inefficient, and
often ineffective way of meeting the primary goal of food assistance.  n212 Such
changes would move policy in a direction more in line with current academic
understanding of appropriate hunger-relief efforts; namely, by providing cash
assistance, and increasing aid flexibility, the proposed reforms would work to
stabilize and augment what Sen termed the necessary "entitlements" for adequate
food access.  n213 Most concretely, the bill is estimated to save the U.S.
government $ 500 million over ten years while also increasing the human value of
the aid administered.  n214

   Although using a stand-alone bill is a novel tactic for reform, the
negotiations process preceding the construction of the act, like previous
attempts, neglected to include dialogue with the expected opponents.  n215
Consequently, and unsurprisingly, robust opposition from the "iron triangle"
lobbing groups has severely limited the likely passage of the act.  n216

E. Options for Cooperative Action: The Value of Obama's Budget Proposal

   Despite what appears to be mutually exclusive positions and interests on the
part of each stakeholder group, a closer look at Obama's 2014 budget proposal
reveals key options for mutual benefit--or at least areas for concession between
the divergent groups. The budget specifically proposes to reallocate the $ 1.47
billion annual appropriations for Title II of PL. 480 to three USAID assistance
accounts.  n217 This reallocation would essentially cease tied aid provided
under Title II, and shift funds to USAID programs that are unrestricted by
commodity preferences and subsequently unencumbered by cargo preferences.  n218
The specific USAID programs that would receive additional funding under the
proposal include: International Disaster Assistance ("IDA"), Development
Assistance ("DA") for a Community Development and Resilience Fund ("CDRF"), and
a new Emergency Food Assistance Contingency Fund ("EFAC")-- all of which would
add "gains of flexibility, timeliness, and efficiency in the provision of
emergency food aid," by expanding the aid options available to USAID.  n219
Instead of restricting aid mechanisms to "a commodity-only response," USAID
could choose from a variety of options, including: "local or regional
procurement in countries or regions where food aid emergencies are occurring and
other forms of cash-based assistance like food vouchers or cash transfers."
n220 The increase in funding toward more flexible aid options would ultimately
result in significant efficiency savings as well as increasing the ability of
USAID to provide more need-appropriate aid enabling the Agency and partnering
organizations to adapt assistance methods to the local circumstances of the
recipient regions.  n221

   Furthermore, the proposal reallocates a portion of the "efficiency savings"
from the transfer of Title II funds directly toward  [*57]  increases to the
Maritime Security Program ("MSP") equal to $ 25 million and to the CDRF equal to
$ 330 million for food aid NGOs.  n222 Given the cumbersome and inefficient
structure of the indirect benefits received through both cargo preferences and
monetization, there is potential for the shipping industry or NGOs to support
reform. Despite these seemingly conciliatory fund reallocations, steadfast
opponents highlight another reason why facilitated negotiations between all
parties could benefit reform. The efficiency savings allocations in the Obama
budget make apparent that the administration is sensitive to the concerns of
reform opposition groups; consequently they are likely amenable to compromise.
The resistance on the part of both the shipping industry and food aid NGOs is
most likely a consequence of their lack of participation in the proposal.  n223
In the case of food aid reform, failure to include key stakeholders causes
fervent opposition from powerful and influential parties, invariably limiting
the success of reform. Thus, if the key oppositional stakeholders were able to
participate in the preceding negotiations for reform proposals, thereby giving
them a stake in the proposal, opposition efforts would be significantly reduced
and reform success significantly increased.

   Moreover, as the public and political discourse heats up on global food
security issues, inaction on increasing the efficacy of food assistance will
become harder to accept.  n224 Consequently, it is likely that reform attempts
will continue as food issues remain in the forefront of public consciousness.
Accordingly, it might behoove the iron triangle members to participate in early
negotiations in an effort to prevent future reform proposals that offer little
conciliatory measures to ameliorate their potential financial losses. The Food
Aid Reform Act foreshadowed the potential for this as it emerged on the heels of
the unsuccessful budgetary reform efforts and offered a fervent effort to
advance food aid policy changes with fax less iron triangle appeal.  n225 While
mirroring the Obama budget in its elimination of Title II funding, the Food Aid
Reform Act lacked comparable reallocations to either food aid NGOs or the
shipping industry  n226

   Even if divergent parties were brought together, multi-stakeholder
negotiations alone would not be enough to guarantee successful reform efforts.
Given the contentious nature of U.S. food aid policy and the power imbalances
between key stakeholders, the structure of any negotiation will be an important
consideration. While an exhaustive evaluation of the necessary negotiation
structure is outside the scope of this article, it is important to recognize the
fundamental need for an effective facilitator or a facilitative mediator, to be
present in any successful negotiation. Used in concert with multi-stakeholder
negotiations, facilitation between the conflicting stakeholders by an effective
mediator would help balance the disparate power and influence of stakeholders
participating in the negotiation.  n227

   As mentioned above, three key aspects of the mediation process--its voluntary
nature, the "empowerment function," and the "non-adversarial
approach"--explicitly work to "prevent power abuses by a more powerful party"
n228 Most basically, a facilitative mediator would work to establish ground
rules and a process for the overall discussion, ensuring that all parties
understood the importance of reaching a mutually acceptable settlement.  n229
Additionally, "by focusing on specific issues and the parties' interests and
needs, the mediator can prevent the dialectic of adversarial opposition and
encourage the parties to engage in a common search for a mutually satisfactory,
or at least bearable, solution for both sides."  n230

   In sum, a fatal flaw of the recent attempts for food aid reform was the
failure to use the key ADR tool of facilitated multi-stakeholder negotiations
preceding food aid reform proposals. While legislative negotiations followed the
introduction of each reform proposal, legislative negotiations failed in every
instance to convene all of the impacted stakeholder groups prior to the
structuring of the proposed reforms. Consequently, each proposal was met with
instant opposition from the iron triangle groups.  n231 Conversely, inviting the
key oppositional groups to engage in a private dialogue or negotiation about
proposals for reform might have worked to quell the fierce opposition or helped
to construct a reform proposal that was more likely to generate the requisite
Congressional support. Furthermore, these negotiations could have included
representatives of the aid recipient countries, who were decidedly absent in the
final debate about all reform proposals. Finally, the presence of a facilitative
mediator could work to balance the convergent stakeholder interests and power
imbalances, ensuring a mutually amenable outcome.

V. CONCLUSION

   As the pressures of population growth, increasing affluence, and climate
change strain the stability of global food supplies, fringe populations are
increasingly susceptible to hunger and malnourishment.  n232 Consequently, the
demand for effective food aid and food assistance programs is likely to rise.
Efforts to limit the dissonance between food aid logic and policy must not be
disused by avoidable barriers in the legislative process. Specific tactics of
alternative dispute resolution--including facilitated multi-party negotiations
and the use of a facilitative mediator--could beneficially advance efforts to
modernize food aid by enabling cooperative action and balanced negotiations
between divergent stakeholders.

   Current reform efforts have detrimentally overlooked key concepts and tactics
of alternative dispute resolution. By incorporating basic efforts for
cooperative negotiation through the inclusion of both reform-critics and re
form-supporters in the conversations about reform proposals, the chance of
passing U.S. food aid reform legislation could be greatly increased. Efforts on
the part of both the Bush administration and the Obama administration, although
bipartisanly inclusive, were exclusive in stakeholder representation. With such
a complex and contentious issue, efforts to push through legislative change
without the full participation of all powerful stakeholders will likely fail. As
was the case in past efforts for U.S. food aid reform, failure stems primarily
from the guarantee of fervent opposition by powerful, but excluded stakeholders.
Efforts for food aid reform have ignored this key concept and have consequently
achieved only limited success.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsAgriculture & FoodProcessing, Storage & DistributionPublic Health &
Welfare LawFood & NutritionGeneral OverviewTransportation LawWater
TransportationCargo Preference Act

FOOTNOTES:





n1  EDWARD J. CLAY & BENJAMIN LERNARD SCHAFFER, ROOM FOR MANOEUVRE: AN
EXPLORATION OF PUBLIC POLICY PLANNING IN AGRICULTURE AND RURAL DEVELOPMENT 55
(1984) (citing quotation from unpublished notes of interviews with female
household workers, Mymensingh District, Bangladesh, 1980).





n2  AMARTYA SEN, HUNGER AND FAMINES: AN ESSAY ON ENTITLEMENT AND DEPRIVATION 1
(1981).





n3  JOHAN POTTIER, ANTHROPOLOGY OF FOOD: THE SOCIAL DYNAMICS OF FOOD SECURITY
142 (1999).





n4  Sen's assertion that a lack of access , and not necessarily a lack of
supply, causes a lack of adequate food repositioned government and policy as key
factors in preventing and ameliorating both hunger and famines. SEN, supra note
2, at 142-43.





n5  See generally, id.





n6  Id. at 142-143.





n7  See generally SEN, supra note 2.





n8  GORDON CONWAY, ONE BILLION HUNGRY: CAN WE FEED THE WORLD? 29-32 (2012).





n9  GAN ZIEGLER, UNITED NATIONS COMM'N ON HUMAN RIGHTS, THE RIGHT TO FOOD:
REPORT BY THE SPECIAL RAPPORTEUR ON THE RIGHT TO FOOD 5 (2001), available at
http://www.unhchr.cli/Huridocda/Huridoca.nsf/0/f45ea4df67ecca98cl256a0300340453/

ILE/G0111035.pdf.





n10  FOOD & AGRIC ORG. OF THE UNITED NATIONS, THE STATE OF FOOD INSECURITY IN
THE WORLD 2008 6 (2008), available at
ftp://ftp.fao.org/docrep/fao/011/i0291e/i0291e00.pdf.





n11  Number of hungry people rises to 963 million, FOOD & AGRIC ORG. OF THE
UNITED NATIONS (Dec. 9, 2008), http://www.fao.org/news/story/en/item/8836/.





n12  POTTIER, supra note 3, at 165-67.





n13  Tom Melling, Dispute Resolution within Legislative Institutions, 46 STAN.
L. REV. 1677, 1689(1994).





n14  JENNIFER CLAPP, HUNGER IN THE NEW BALANCE: THE NEW POLITICS OF
INTERNATIONAL FOOD AID 69 (2012).





n15  Attempts to reform food aid have been the result of collaboration and
conversation between only key supporters of the suggested reforms. Notable
actors include aid organizations like Oxfam America and CARE, policy think tanks
such as The Heritage Foundation, and supporting legislators.





n16  7 U.S.C. § 1691.





n17  The Editorial Board Food Aid Reform, N.Y. TIMES, April 27, 2013,
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/28/opinion/sunday/food-aid-reform.html.





n18  U.S. GOV'T ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE, GAO-07-560, FOREIGN ASSISTANCE: VARIOUS
CHALLENGES IMPEDE THE EFFICIENCY AND EFFECTIVENESS OF U.S. FOOD AID 7 (2007);
Stacey Rosen, A Pilot Program for U.S. Food Aid, AMBER WAVES 2 (Nov. 2008)
http://www.ers.usda.gov/AmberWaves/November08/PDF/AW_November08.pdf.





n19  For example, in proposing the FY2014 budget, President Obama also addressed
the need for food aid reform. His proposal, after consideration by the 113th
Congress, was largely rejected. His proposals are comparable to those addressed
through The Food Aid Reform Act (H.R. 1983), including monetization, local
procurement, and U.S. cargo preferences. Charles E. Hanrahan, International Food
Aid Programs: Background and Issues Cong. RESEARCH SERV. 12 (May 20, 2013),
available at
http://foreignaffairs.house.gov/sites/republicans.foreignaffairs.house.gov/files
/R41072.pdf.





n20  Id. at 3.





n21  MITCHEL B. WALLERSTEIN, FOOD FOR WAR/FOOD FOR PEACE: UNITED STATES FOOD AID
IN A GLOBAL CONTEXT 47, 146-47 (1980).





n22  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 3 (From the 1950s to the 1970s political and
public concern focused on the controversial geopolitical and agricultural
surplus-dumping motivations behind food aid programs of multiple donor
countries, namely the United States, Europe, and Australia).





n23  BILL WINDERS, THE POLITICS OF FOOD SUPPLY: U.S. AGRICULTURAL POLICY IN THE
WORLD ECONOMY 129 (2009). "In its early days, food aid policy was driven largely
by forces no longer relevant in the current context: sizable grain surpluses
needing to be disposed of, which determined the largest donors, and geopolitical
considerations of the Cold War, which determined the most likely recipients.
Humanitarian concerns always underlay food aid policies, but the economic and
political considerations of donor countries typically dictated the terms."
CLAPP, supra note 14, at 15. See also Harriet Friedmann, The Political Economy
of Food, 197 NEW LEFT REVIEW 29, 29-57 (1993); THEODORE COHN, THE INTERNATIONAL
POLITICS OF AGRICULTURAL TRADE: CANADIAN-AMERICAN RELATIONS IN A GLOBAL
AGRICULTURAL CONTEXT 91-108 (1990); JOHN CATHIE, THE POLITICAL ECONOMY OF FOOD
AID 2, 11, 22 (1982).





n24  WINDERS, supra note 23, at 95 (citing Harriet Friedmann, The Political
Economy of Food: The Rise and Fall of the Postwar International Food Order, 88
AM. J. Soc. 248 (1982) (Specifically, donor-oriented aid was blamed for turning
previously self-sufficient countries into aid-dependent nations while serving
the capitalist expansion of major agribusiness interests overseas and for
distorting farmer incentives in recipient countries, reducing local food
production and security).





n25  See WALLERSTEIN, supra note 21, at 47 (Most notably the 1970s food crisis
increased awareness for the importance of effective food aid policies).





n26  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 1.





n27  The perception that aid policy had become less donor-oriented and thus more
altruistic was true in many cases; in fact, the majority of donor countries
(apart from the United States) made substantial efforts in the 1970s to reform
the practices of geopolitical and surplus oriented food donations. CLAPP, supra
note 14, at 3.





n28  See generally CHRISTOPHER BARRETT & DANIEL MAXWELL, FOOD AID AFTER 50
YEARS: RECASTING ITS ROLE (2005); U.S. GOV'T ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE, supra note
18 (2007); EDWARD J. CLAY, MATTHEW GEDDES & LUISA NATALI, ORG. FOR ECON.
CO-OPERATION & DEV., UNTYING AID: IS IT WORKING? AN EVALUATION OF THE
IMPLEMENTATION OF THE PARIS DECLARATION AND OF THE 2001 DAC RECOMMENDATION OF
UNTYING ODA TO THE LDCS (2009); E. ITolt-Gimenez & A Shattuck, Food Crises, Food
Regimes and Food Movements: Rumblings of Reform or Tides of Transformation?, 38
J. PEASANT STUD. 109, 109-10 (2011). Like the crisis in the 1970s, this crisis
generated public awareness for the importance of effective international food
assistance.





n29  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 2.





n30  "Old debates about the use of food aid to further foreign policy goals or
dispose of grain surpluses have given way to debates over how food aid is given.
In particular, the question of whether food aid is tied to food sourced in the
donor country has generated heated exchanges between donors." CLAPP, supra note
14, at 5.





n31  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 5.





n32  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 5.





n33  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 5.





n34  The idea of untying food aid "gained significant momentum in international
policy circles starting in the mid-1990s, after the European Union adopted the
policy in 1996. Agencies such as the Food and Agricultural Organization ("FAO")
and the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development ("OECD") have
taken up the issue in extensive reports directed at their membership since 2005,
and from 2007 the WFP began to strongly endorse the idea. Some donors, such as
Canada and Australia, eventually followed the EU on this idea by untying their
own food aid programs." CLAPP, supra note 14, at 46.





n35  The idea of untying food aid had been championed by development experts
since the mid-1970s. The Paris Conference on International Economic Cooperation,
a meeting of 27 governments representing industrialized, oil-producing, and
developing countries held in 1975-77 as part of global negotiations on a New
International Economic Order, strongly promoted the idea in its final
declaration, yet uptake was slow and uneven. CLAPP, supra note 14, at 6.





n36  The specific stakeholders working to maintain the LIS's policy of tied aid
will be discussed more thoroughly in Part III, but include the agricultural
industry, the shipping industry, and some food aid NGOs, including most notably
the Alliance for Global Food Security.





n37  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 6.





n38  Officially called the European Recovery Program, the Marshall Plan was the
United States program that provided aid to Europe in the form of economic
support to help rebuild European economies after the end of World War II with
the purpose of preventing the spread of Soviet Communism. The specific goals of
the United States were to rebuild the war devastated region, remove trade
barriers, modernize industry, and return Europe to prosperity. MICHAEL J. HOGAN,
THE MARSHALL PLAN: AMERICA, BRITAIN, AND THE RECONSTRUCTION OF WESTERN EUROPE,
1947-1952(1998).





n39  U.S. AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV., CELEBRATING FOOD FOR PEACE 1954-2004: BRINGING
HOPE TO THE HUNGRY 7 (2004), available at
http://foodaid.org/news/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/FFP_50thAv_Brochure.pdf.





n40  WORLD FOOD PROGRAMME, 2010 FOOD AID FLOWS 7 (2011), available at
http://home.wfp.org/stellent/groups/public/documents/researcli/wfp238954.pdf.





n41  7 U.S.C.A. § 8701.





n42  Id.; "U.S. international food aid programs have traditionally been
authorized in farm bills. The most recent of such bills, the Food, Conservation,
and Energy Act of 2008 (P.L. 110-246), authorized through FY2012 and amended
international food aid programs. . . . U.S. international food aid has been
distributed mainly through five program authorities: the Food for Peace Act
(P.L. 480): Section 416(b) of the Agricultural Act of 1949; the Food for
Progress Act of 1985; the McGovern-Dole International Food for Education and
Child Nutrition Program; and the Local and Regional Procurement Pilot Project, a
pilot program in the 2008 farm bill which ended in FY 2012. In addition, the
2008 farm bill also reauthorized the Bill Emerson Humanitarian Trust (BEHT), a
reserve of commodities and cash for use in the Food for Peace program to meet
unanticipated food aid needs." Hanrahan, supra note 19, at ii.





n43  CLAPP, supra note 14.





n44  "By setting out food aid policies within specific pieces of legislation
that it must approve annually, Congress plays a strong role in determining the
direction of these policies." CLAPP, supra note 14, at 72.





n45  Agricultural Trade Development Assistance Act, 7 U.S.C. § 1721 (2006).





n46  Id.





n47  See HOUSE FOREIGN AFFAIRS COMM., FOOD AID REFORM, available at
http://foreignaffairs.house.gov/sites/republicans.foreignaffairs.house.gov/files
/06-11-13%20Food%20Aid%20Reform%20Fact%20Sheet%20PDF.pdf.





n48  U.S. GOV'T ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE, GAO-07-560, supra note 18, at 7.





n49  Fiscal year 2014 request for U.S. food aid was $ 1.47 billion as compared
to the $ 1.15 billion the House Agricultural Appropriations introduced. HOUSE
FOREIGN AFFAIRS COMM., supra note 47; U.S. AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV. , U.S.
INTERNATIONAL FOOD ASSISTANCE REPORT 2007, at 7 (2008), available at
http://kenya.usaid.gov/our_work/humanitarian_assistance/frp/fy07_usifar_final.04
.24.08.pdf





n50  7 US.C.A. § 1691.





n51  U.S. AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV., supra note 39.





n52  U.S. AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV., supra note 39 (following World War II, U.S.
agricultural policy funded an unprecedented and unmatched level of research,
credit, and production advice while also supporting farmers' incomes, the
combination of which created a massive food commodity surplus by the end of the
Korean War.).





n53  U.S. AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV., supra note 39.





n54  Hanrahan, supra note 19, at 2.





n55  Hanrahan, supra note 19, at 2.





n56  U.S. AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV., supra note 39.





n57  Hanrahan, supra note 19, at 2.





n58  Paul L. Doughty, Peace, Food and Equity In Peru, 15 URB. ANTHROPOLOGY &
STUD. CULTURAL SYS. & WORLD ECON. DEV., 45-59 (1986).





n59  Id.; CLAPP, supra note 14, at 71 (Although Title II is currently the most
significant component of the Food for Peace program, prior to 1980, the majority
of aid was delivered under Title I, "sold on concessional terms to poor
coun-tries[,] and was in turn sold on local markets in an untargeted fashion"
with the chief purpose of creating export markets for U.S. grain. The food
crisis in the 1970s initiated a decrease in Title I aid funding, and beginning
in the 1980s the United States distributed the bulk of its food aid under Title
II.).





n60  Doughty, supra note 58.





n61  U.S. AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV., supra note 39.





n62  Milwaukee v. Sec'y of Agric, 877 F.2d 540 (1989).





n63  46 U.S.C. §§ 55305(b), 55314(a)(1) (2006); 46 U.S.C. § 55314(c)(3).





n64  22 U.S.C. § 2354(c) (2006); 22 C.F.R. § 228.13(a) (2008).





n65  U.S. AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV., supra note 39.





n66  U.S. AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV., supra note 39.





n67  Food for Peace Act (Agricultural Trade Development and Assistance Act of
1954) 7 U.S.C. §§ 1691-1738r.





n68  Derek J. Hanson, Foreign Food Aid Procurement: Why Domestic Prefer-encing
Requirements Must be Substantially Reduced to More Effectively and Efficiently
Alleviate Global Hunger 39 PUB. CONT. L.J. 51, 63 (Fall 2009) (citing
Agricultural Trade Development and Assistance Act of 1954, Pub. L. No. 83-480 §
201, 68 Stat. 454, 457 (1954).





n69  Id.





n70  Id.





n71  Id.





n72  See Erin C. Lentz, Simone Passarelli, & Christopher B. Barrett, The
Timeliness and Cost-Effectiveness of the Local and Regional Procurement of Food
Aid, 49 WORLD DEV. 9, 11 (2013).





n73  46 U.S.C. §§ 55305(b), 55314(a)(1) (2006); 46 U.S.C. § 55314(c)(3);
Originally, PL. 83-644 required U.S.-flag vessels to transport 50% of U.S.
generated food aid waterborne cargos, but in 1985 the total was increased to
75%. Hanrahan, supra note 19, at 15.





n74  Hanrahan, supra note 19, at 15.





n75  Murray A. Bloom, The Cargo Preference Act of 1954 and Related Legislation,
39 J. MAR. L. & COM. 289 (2008).





n76  U.S. GOV'T ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE, supra note 18, at 23; U.S. GOV'T
ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE, INTERNATIONAL FOOD ASSISTANCE: FUNDING DEVELOPMENT
PROJECTS THROUGH THE PURCHASE, SHIPMENT, AND SALE OF U.S. COMMODITIES IS
INEFFICIENT AND CAN CAUSE ADVERSE MARKET IMPACTS 23 (2011), available at
http://www.gao.gov/assets/330/320013.pdf [hereinafter INT'L FOOD ASSISTANCE].





n77  INT'L FOOD ASSISTANCE, supra note 76, at 26.





n78  INT'L FOOD ASSISTANCE, supra note 76, at 23.





n79  INT'L FOOD ASSISTANCE, supra note 76, at 24.





n80  INT'L FOOD ASSISTANCE, supra note 76, at 24.





n81  INT'L FOOD ASSISTANCE, supra note 76, at 24-25.





n82  INT'L FOOD ASSISTANCE, supra note 76, at 25 (reflagging is a term used to
denote the transfer of a ships registration from one nationality to another; in
this instance, reflagging refers to foreign ships coming under the authority and
protection of the United States).





n83  INT'L FOOD ASSISTANCE, supra note 76, at 26.





n84  INT'L FOOD ASSISTANCE, supra note 76, at 26.





n85  "Based on KCCO data, from fiscal year 2002 to 2010, the number of U.S.-flag
vessels awarded food aid contracts declined by 50 percent, from 134 to 67
vessels" INT'L FOOD ASSISTANCE, supra note 76, at 27.





n86  Food Aid Reform, U.S. AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV.,
http://www.usaid.gov/foodaidreform (last visited, Jul. 31, 2013).





n87  Food Security Act of 1985, Pub. L. No. 99-198, § 1111, 99 Stat. 1354
(1985).





n88  INT'L FOOD ASSISTANCE, supra note 76, at 5.





n89  INT'L FOOD ASSISTANCE, supra note 76, at 1.





n90  INT'L FOOD ASSISTANCE, supra note 76, at 1, 7.





n91  INT'L FOOD ASSISTANCE, supra note 76, at 7.





n92  Some implementing partners work with the recipient country's government to
monetize the aid commodities--for example, in Bangladesh, the government is the
sole purchaser of USAID monetized aid. INT'L FOOD ASSISTANCE, supra note 76, at
13--14. An additional common procedure is through the formation of a consortium
among several partners with one partner serving as the selling agent, or
alternatively, a single partner might work independently to sell the food aid
commodity. U.S. AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV., MONETIZATION FIELD MANUAL (Oct. 2012),
available at
http://www.usaid.gov/sites/default/files/documents/1866/MonetizationManual122220
12FINAL.pdf [hereinafter MONETIZATION MANUAL].





n93  MONETIZATION MANUAL supra note 92, at 10.





n94  MONETIZATION MANUAL supra note 92, at 10.





n95  MONETIZATION MANUAL supra note 92, at 10.





n96  MONETIZATION MANUAL supra note 92, at 4.





n97  MONETIZATION MANUAL supra note 92, at 4.





n98  MONETIZATION MANUAL supra note 92, at 1.





n99  MONETIZATION MANUAL supra note 92, at 2.





n100  MONETIZATION MANUAL supra note 92, at 2.





n101  Pub. L. No. 99-198, § 1111. The rationale behind this amendment was
twofold. First, there was a worry that the cost recovery formula was unfairly
inflexible, working to "punish participants where market forces were beyond
their control, or not reward situations where the market price was above the
formula value." H.R. REP. NO. 107-424 (2002). Secondly, because only USAID was
required to meet cost recovery requirements, there was concern that this
difference in standard could result in inequitable inconsistencies in
monetization, "potentially [penalizing] one agency or the other agency." INT'L
FOOD ASSISTANCE, supra note 76, at 6.





n102  Hanrahan, supra note 19, at 12. Less resolutely, both USAID and USDA "must
ensure that monetization transactions do not entail substantial disincentive to,
or interfere with, domestic production or marketing in that country." Id.





n103  See H.R. REP. No. 107-424, at 236 (2002) (Conf. Rep.).





n104  Id. at 69; CLAPP, supra note 14, at 46-47, 69. International efforts to
untie and reform international food aid have been present since the 1970s and
became a prominent and widely accepted policy by the mid-1990s as notable donor
states such as the EU began to adopt policies that untied aid, spurring
likeminded efforts in other donor countries. Furthermore, international
development organizations such as FAO, OECD, and WFP avidly support policies
providing flexible, untied food aid. CLAPP, supra note 14, at 46-47, 69.





n105  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 74.





n106  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 73.





n107  SEN, supra note 2; POTTIER, supra note 3, at 142.





n108  Sen's theory of famine was not without critiques, the majority of which
"stressed that famines develop over time; [that] famine is a process, not an
event. . ." arguing that, "[a]s famine ethnographies now show, famines indeed
come mostly 'at the tail end of a long-term process of increasing vulnerability
. . . to food supply shocks.' The view that normal market processes were at the
root of famine, invaluable as a new insight, also overlooked the possibility
that well-functioning markets sabotaged in war can trigger famine." SEN, supra
note 2, at 143 (citing STEPHEN DEVEROUX, THEORIES OF FAMINE 159 (1993)).





n109  STEPHEN DEVEROUX, THEORIES OF FAMINE 71 (1993).





n110  POTTIER, supra note 3, at 143.





n111  The Heritage Foundation is a preeminent conservative think-tank dedicated
to advancing conservative public policy. See generally, THE HERITAGE FOUNDATION:
LEADERSHIP FOR America, www.heritage.org (last visited Dec. 20, 2013).





n112  Oxfam America is a decidedly liberal international aid organization with
companion interests in opposing the majority of conservative political and
economic agendas. See generally, OXFAM AMERICA: WORKING TO END POVERTY AND
INJUSTICE, www.oxfamamerica.org (last visited Dec. 20, 2013).





n113  Hanrahan, supra note 19, at 8, 14.





n114  Hanrahan, supra note 19, at 15.





n115  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 78.





n116  Christopher Barrett, an agricultural economist, and Daniel Maxwell, then
international deputy regional director of CARE, published Food Aid after 50
Years: Recasting Its Role, which argued that the U.S. food aid system needed to
be more flexible by including cash for local and regional purchases, in 2005.
Around the same time, OECD published a report showing that in-kind food aid was
both more costly and more time-consuming to provide. In 2007, GAO published a
report on the performance of US. food aid programs, which indicated that, inter
alia, rules on in-kind aid and transport were making the programs ineffective
and inefficient. CLAPP, supra note 14, at 77, 80-81.





n117  151 CONG. REC. 24,197 (2005) (Remarks by Andrew S. Natsios, USAID
Administrator at the Kansas City Export Food Conference on the Local Purchase
Initiative (May 3, 2005)); see also 7 U.S.C. § 1691 (2006) (stating that the
policy of the United States is the promotion of food security in the developing
world through the use of agricultural commodities and local currencies). But see
U.S. INTERNATIONAL FOOD ASSISTANCE REPORT 1 (2007), available at
http://www.usaid.gov/our_work/humanitarian_assistance/ffp/fy07_usifar.pdf
(listing as important goals the need to combat hunger and to "develop and expand
export markets for U.S. agricultural commodities").





n118  Hanrahan,, supra note 19, at 15. Critiques of the cargo preferences are
largely about efficiency. Those supporting reform note the inefficiencies in
both time and cost that come with requiring aid to be shipped on U.S.-flagged
vessels. Hanrahan,, supra note 19, at 15.





n119  The Editorial Board, supra note 17.





n120  Hanrahan,, supra note 19, at 14.





n121  Monetization is often blamed for causing commercial displacement of local
agricultural products, causing harm to traders and local farmers and undermining
the development of local markets, which may act to reduce long term food
security. CLAPP, supra note 14, at 78.





n122  It is argued that buying locally or regionally could result in price
spikes that would make it difficult for poor people to buy the supplies they
need on local markets. Some also argue that the reliability and quality of food
supplies could not be guaranteed with local or regional procurement. Hanson,
supra note 68, at 60.





n123  Charles Abbott, Fierce Lobbying Counters White House Push for Food Aid
Reform, REUTERS, May 1, 2013,
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/05/01/usa-foodaid-Iobbying-idUSL2N0D21F42013
0501.





n124  Hanrahan, supra note 19, at 14.





n125  Elijah E. Cummings, Duncan Hunter & Nick Rahall, Keeping the Food in Food
for Peace, U.S. NEWS & WORLD REPORT, May 21, 2013,
http://www.usnews.com/opinion/articles/2013/05/21/keep-us-food-aid
-programs-reliable-and-transparent.





n126  ACTION AID INT'L, POWER HUNGRY: SIX REASONS TO REGULATE GLOBAL FOOD
CORPORATIONS 12 (2005), available at
http://wwwactionaid.org.uk/_content/documents/powerhungry.pdf.





n127  BARRETT & MAXWELL, supra note 28, at 89.





n128  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 73.





n129  "Just one of those firms, Cargill, is reported to have sold $ 1.09 billion
in grain to the U.S. government for food aid between 1995 and 2005." CLAPP,
supra note 14, at 73.





n130  BARRETT & MAXWELL, supra note 28, at 91-92.





n131  BARRETT & MAXWELL, supra note 28, at 91-92.





n132  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 74.





n133  Liz Jayankura, U.S. food aid policies discussed at IFAC, WHEAT LETTER
(U.S. Wheat Associates), May 3, 2007, available at
http://www.uswheat.org/wheatLetter/doc/45C55CE3775E571285257C150061CD08?OpenDocu
ment; Polly Diven, The Domestic Determinants of U.S. Food Aid Policy, 26 FOOD
POL'Y 455 (2001) (discussing the historical significance of food aid to
commodity producer groups).





n134  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 74.





n135  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 82.





n136  Chris Gillies, U.S.-Flag Vessel Operators Torn by Market, AMERICAN SHIPPER
(May 2004), http://www.americanshipper.com/paid/MAY04/US_flag_frm.asp.





n137  BARRETT & MAXWELL, supra note 28, at 96; Samuel Loewenberg, Bush in Food
Aid Fight with Congress, POLITICO, Feb. 06, 2008, 6:17PM,
http://www.politico.com/news/stories/0208/8378.html.





n138  Celia Dugger, CAME Turns Down Federal Funds for Food Aid, N. Y. TIMES,
Aug. 16, 2007,
http://www.nytimes.com/2007/08/16/world/africa/16food.html?pagewanted=all.





n139  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 74 (citing Interview with Marc Cohen, senior
research fellow, IFPRI).





n140  Dugger, supra note 138, at 1-3.





n141  U.S. GOV'T ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE, supra note 18, at 108.





n142  BARRETT & MAXWELL, supra note 28, at 94.





n143  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 74.





n144  "Additionally, the supporters of these changes mischaracterize the
importance of the U.S. merchant marine and the essential policy nexus between it
and food aid programs. Since 1936, U.S. law has held that the United States
shall have a merchant marine sufficient to carry . . . a substantial portion of
the water-borne export and import foreign commerce of the United States and . .
. capable of serving as a naval and military auxiliary in time of war or
national emergency." Cummings et al., supra note 125.





n145  Furthermore, critics note "[a] study issued by IHS Global Insight in 2009
found that barely 2[%] of U.S. foreign trade is now moving in U.S.-flagged
vessels." Cummings et al., supra note 125.





n146  Cummings et al., supra note 125.





n147  Cummings et al., supra note 125.





n148  Hanrahan, supra note 19, at 20.





n149  "USA Maritime cites a report it commissioned on the economic impacts of
U.S. international food aid, which shows that the combination of handling,
processing, and transporting U.S. commodities all the way from the farm to
foreign ports supported $ 2 billion of US. industry output, $ 523 million in
household earnings, and over 13,000 jobs in 2009." Hanrahan, supra note 19, at
20 (citing PROMAR INTERNATIONAL, IMPACTS ON THE U.S. ECONOMY OF SHIPPING
INTERNATIONAL FOOD AID (2010), available at http://mebaunion.org/WHATS-NEW/Food_
Aid-April_2010.pdf.





n150  "Barrett and Maxwell have shown, for example, that food aid delivered by
the top eight NGOs accounted for 30[%] of the weighted average of their gross
revenues for 2001; some relied on U.S. food aid for up to 50[%] of their
budget." CLAPP, supra note 14, at 75 (citing BARRETT & MAXWELL, supra note 28,
at 98).





n151  "Each has received tens of millions of dollars' worth of in-kind food aid
through the Food for Peace program each year over the past decade." CLAPP, supra
note 14, at 75.





n152  U.S. AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV., U.S. INTERNATIONAL FOOD ASSISTANCE REPORT
(2006), available at
http://www.usaid.gov/ourwork/humanitarianassistance/ffp/fy06_usifar.pdf; U.S.
AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV., U.S. INTERNATIONAL FOOD ASSISTANCE REPORT (2007),
available at
http://www.usaid.gov/our_work/humanitarian_assistance/ffp/fy07_usifar.pdf; U.S.
AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV., U.S. INTERNATIONAL FOOD ASSISTANCE REPORT (2008)
available at
http://www.usaid.gov/our_work/humanitarian_assistance/ffp/fy08_usifar_revised.pd
f; U.S. AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV., U.S. INTERNATIONAL FOOD ASSISTANCE REPORT (2009),
available at
http://www.usaid.gov/ourwork/liumanitarianassistance/ffp/fy09_usifar_revised.pdf
.





n153  EMMY SIMMONS, P'SHIP TO CUT HUNGER & POVERTY IN AFR., RECONSIDERING FOOD
AID: THE DIALOGUE CONTINUES 65 (2007), available at
http://www.partnership-africa.org/sites/default/files/ReconsideringFoodAidfinalf
ebl2.pdf; see also, id.





n154  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 76.





n155  Hanrahan, supra note 19, at 19.





n156  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 77.





n157  See generally, Steve Inskeep, A Political War Brews Over Food For
Peace'Aid Program, NAT'L PUB. RADIO (Apr. 04, 2013, 3:18 AM),
http://www.npr.org/templates/transcript/transcript.php?storyId=176154775
(concerning opposition to Bush administration reform proposals); Abbott, supra
note 123 (concerning opposition to the Obama administration reform proposal and
the Food Aid Reform Act proposal); Brad Plumer, Food Aid Reform is Running into
Trouble in Congress, WASH. POST, May 17, 2013,
http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2013/05/17/obamas-plan-to-overha
ul-food-aid-is-running-into-trouble-in-congress/; Charles Abbott, U.S. Senate
Largely Rebuffs Obama Plan for Food-Aid Reform, REUTERS, Jun. 03, 2013,
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/06/04/usa-agriculture-foodaid-idUSLlN0EFlTG2
0130604.





n158  An example might be found in the governing structure of the WFP, where
developing countries have a majority presence on the governing executive board.
Incorporating key figures, representing the major recipients of PL. 480 aid
--which in 2010 included Niger, Djibouti, Zambia, Burma, and South Sudan--in any
preceding negotiations to food aid reform proposals would greatly expand the
dialogue and balance the weight of the conversation between donor and recipient
more equitably. Noting the largest recipients of aid are largely centralized in
Africa, making sure the representatives from that continent were present in the
dialogue would be a substantial improvement. Notable hunger relief organizations
in the region include Action against Hunger and Oxfam. Furthermore, the
inclusion of hunger relief organizations should be achieved with an aim of
balancing representation on either side of the debate about monetization. The
insights of organizations like CARE, which once relied upon monetization, but
have since moved away from the practice for humanitarian and efficiency reasons,
would be valuable and important voices in shaping effective reform. ROBERTA VAN
HAEFTEN, MARY ANN ANDERSON, HERBET CAUDILL & EAMONN KILMARTIN, SECOND FOOD AD
AND FOOD SECURITY ASSESSMENT (FAFSA-2) 3-8 (2013), available at
http://www.usaid.gov/sites/default/files/documents/1866/FAFSA-2%20Chapter3.pdf.





n159  EDWARD CLAY, BARRY RILEY, & IAN UREY, ORG. FOR ECON. CO-OPERATION & DEV.,
THE DEVELOPMENT EFFECTIVENESS OF FOOD AID: DOES TYING MATTER? 3 (2006),
available at
http://www.odi.org.ulc/sites/odi.org.uk/files/odi-assets/publications-opinion-fi
les/3043.pdf.





n160  FOOD & AGRIC. ORG., THE STATE OF FOOD AND AGRICULTURE 4 (2006).





n161  Id.





n162  SEN, supra note 2.





n163  POTTIER, supra note 3, at 166.





n164  ALEX DE WAAL, FAMINE THAT KILLS 32 (1989).





n165  Melling, supra note 13, at 1680 (concerning the definition of alternative
dispute resolution).





n166  Furthermore, "Congress is the 'anvil' of democracy--the place where
bargains are forged and policy is hammered out. This institutional structure
affects individual legislators' incentives and creates unique barriers to the
cooperative resolution of conflict." Melling, supra note 13, at 1682.





n167  Melling, supra note 13, at 1679.





n168  Robert H. Mnookin, Why Negotiations Fail: An Exploration of Barriers to
the Resolution of Conflict 8 OHIO ST. J. DISP. RESOL. 235, 238 (1993).





n169  "Some critics of mediation believe that the lack of procedural safeguards,
the absence of an authoritative third-party decision maker, and the neutrality
of the mediator, allow for instances in which a disputing party might use power
unfairly to impose a solution upon the other. However, this concern seems often
misplaced as mediation contains core features that act as safeguards to prevent
power abuses by a more powerful party." Jordi Agust[#xED]-Panareda, Power
Imbalances in Mediation: Questioning Some Common Assumptions, 59 DISP. RESOL. J.
24, 29 (May-July 2004).





n170  Id. (citing Robert Bush, Efficiency and Protection, or Empowerment and
Recognition? 41 FLA. L. REV. 253 (1989); L.A. Pinz[#xF3]n, The Production of
Power and Knowledge in Mediation," 14 MED. Q. 5 (1996); Lon Fuller, Mediation:
Its Forms and Functions, 44 S. CAL. L. REV. 325 (1971); G.A. CHORNENKI,
MEDIATING COMMERCIAL DISPUTES: EXCHANGING 'POWER OVER' FOR 'POWER WITH, IN
RETHINKING DISPUTES: THE MEDIATION ALTERNATIVE 164 (J. Macfarlane ed., Cavendish
Publishing 1997)).





n171  "In facilitative mediation, the mediator structures a process to assist
the parties in reaching a mutually agreeable resolution. The mediator asks
questions; validates and normalizes parties' points of view; searches for
interests underneath the positions taken by parties; and assists the parties in
finding and analyzing options for resolution." Zena Zumeta. Styles of Mediation:
Facilitative, Evaluative, and Transformative Mediation (Sept. 2000),
http://www.medi-ate.com/articles/zumeta.cfm.





n172  Melling, supra note 13, at 1678.





n173  The concept of "outside strategies" is taken from the political science
analysis of Timothy Cook, who uses the term to refer specifically to the use of
the media as a bargaining or position-promoting tool on the part of politicians.
Here, I use the term, not with regard to legislators or politicians exclusively,
but to all stakeholders involved in the food aid reform debate. TIMOTHY E. COOK,
MAKING LAWS AND MAKING NEWS: MEDIA STRATEGIES IN THE U.S. HOUSE OF
REPRESENTATIVES 154(1991).





n174  "The problem arises when a principal and an agent have different
incentives. For example, lawyers, particularly those who bill by the hour, have
an incentive to avoid settling a case until the litigation reaches the
courthouse steps. Research suggests that it is difficult to align the interests
of the principal and agent, either by contract or by custom. Thus, agents can
inflict unnecessary losses on disputing parties or prevent them from discovering
joint gains." Melling, supra note 13, at 1681.





n175  Reform proposals have been made primarily through reforms in annual
Presidential Fiscal Year budgets. The most recently proposed Food Aid Reform Act
was a hasty bill proposed with bipartisan support, but no preceding negotiations
with potential opposition.





n176  COOK, supra note 173, at 154 (In the realm of political science, the act
of bargaining through the mass media is commonly called an "outside strategy,"
establishing what is referred to as the "politicians' dilemma."); Melling, supra
note 13, at 1681 (concerning "principal agent barrier").





n177  Key examples include letters to the editor, press releases, and
publications on the websites of the Maritime Industry, Agricultural industry,
and food aid organizations.





n178  Melling, supra note 13, at 1689.





n179  Melling, supra note 13, at 1689.





n180  Lawrence Susskind & Connie Ozowa, Mediating Public Disputes: Obstacles and
Possibilities, 41 J. Soc. ISSUES 145, 147-48, 157 (1985) (discussing problems of
representation); Melling, supra note 13, at 1681.





n181  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 78.





n182  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 78.





n183  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 78.





n184  Andrew Natsios Extended Interview, RELIGION & ETHICS NEWSWEEKLY, PUB.
BROAD. SERV. (Feb. 19, 2010),
http://www.pbs.org/wnet/religionandethics/2010/02/19/february-19-2010-andrew-nat
sios-extended-interview/5720/.





n185  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 78. Academic studies, including Amartya Sen's
work were influential in shaping Natsios' opinion; in a 2005 speech, Natsios
commented, "I've seen children starve to death when there was a surplus of food
in their local markets, but there was no one to buy the food because we didn't
have the money to do that, so people died." RIB. BROAD. SERV., supra note 184.





n186  Inskeep, supra note 157.





n187  U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC, USDA'S 2007 FARM BILL PROPOSALS, available at
http://www.usda.gov/documents/07final.fbp.pdf.





n188  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 80.





n189  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 82.





n190  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 69.





n191  Specifically, the President's agenda "called for the establishment of more
reliable levels of food aid, with the proportion of the U.S. programs that
relied on unpredictable surpluses not to exceed 10[%]," while also seeking
"better-focused programs, improved safeguards to avoid commercial displacement,
and overall improved transparency and efficiency." CLAPP, supra note 14, at 78.





n192  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 78.





n193  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 69.





n194  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 69.





n195  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 82.





n196  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 82.





n197  However, the administration did manage to negotiate the establishment of
two pilot programs in untied, locally and regionally procured aid, which now
account for a quarter of U.S. food aid; "[a]nd according to independent reviews
they're working pretty well." Inskeep, supra note 157.





n198  Abbott, supra note 123.





n199  Abbott, supra note 123.





n200  Abbott, supra note 123.





n201  Abbott, supra note 123.





n202  Abbott, supra note 123.





n203  Abbott, supra note 123.





n204  Abbott, supra note 123.





n205  Abbott, supra note 123.





n206  The remaining portion allotted to the standard in-kind and tied aid
programs was 55%, equal to roughly $ 800 million of the $ 1.4 billion total, as
remaining earmarked for U.S. produced and shipped food aid.





n207  Food Aid ReformAct, H.R. 1983, 113th Cong. (1st Sess. 2013).





n208  press Release, Chairman Royce, House Comm. on Foreign Affairs,
Subcommittee Ranking Member Bass Move to Reform U.S. Food Aid Delivery to Help
More at Less Expense (May 15, 2013) available at
http://foreignaffairs.house.gov/press-release/chairman-royce-subcommittee-rankin
g-member-bass-move-reform-us-food-aid-delivery-help [hereinafter Press Release,
House Comm. on Foreign Affairs].





n209  Id.





n210  Id.





n211  HOUSE COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, ROYCE-BASS FOOD AID REFORM ACT:
SECTION-BY-SECTION 1, available at
http://foreignaffairs.house.gov/sites/repub-licans.foreignaffairs.house.gov/file
s/Food%20Aid%20Reform%20Act%20Section-by-Section.pdf.





n212  Id.





n213  SEN, supra note 2.





n214  Press Release, House Comm. on Foreign Affairs, supra note 208.





n215  Arguably, the urgency with which the bill was introduced eliminated the
logistical possibility for complex negotiations to take place. Furthermore,
coming on the tails of controversy over the FY2014 budgetary reforms to food aid
, the atmosphere for cooperative dialog was even further reduced.





n216  See Cydney Hargis, Reforming U.S. Food Aid Would Eliminate 7,000-Mile Food
Chain (Jun. 12, 2013), http://www.ipsnews.net/2013/06/reforming-u-s-food-aid
-would-eliminate-7000-mile-food-chain/ (noting the likelihood of passage to be
about 7%).





n217  "[T]he President's budget: Shifts $ 1.1 billion to International Disaster
Assistance (IDA) for emergency food response. This shift would augment IDA's
Emergency Food Security Program, previously described which provides up the $
300 million for cash-based food security assistance (e.g., local and regional
procurement, vouchers, or cash transfers). The total available for IDA emergency
food security assistance would be $ 1.4 billion. Shifts $ 250 million to
Development Assistance (DA) for a Community Development and Resilience Fund
(CDRF). The CDRF would address chronic food insecurity in area of recurrent
crises such as the Horn of Africa or the West African Sahel. The CDRF also would
receive $ 80 million of DA from USAID's Bureau of Food Security, which
administers the Feed the Future program. Total funding for this program would be
$ 330 million. Shifts $ 75 million to a new Emergency Food Assistance
Contingency Fund (EFAC). EFAC would serve as a fund to provide emergency food
assistance for unexpected and urgent food needs." Hanrahan, supra note 19, at
17-18 (emphasis in original).





n218  Hanrahan, supra note 19, at 17-18.





n219  Hanrahan, supra note 19, at 18.





n220  Hanrahan, supra note 19, at 18.





n221  Food for Peace by the Numbers. U.S. AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV. (NOV. 01, 2013),
http://www.usaid.gov/foodaidreform/ffp-by-the-numbers; Food Aid Reform, U.S.
AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV. (Nov. 01, 2013), http://www.usaid.gov/foodaidreform.





n222  Food Aid Reform, U.S. AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV., supra note 221.





n223  Dispute resolution scholars have recognized that regardless of the
ultimate outcome, if a significant stakeholder is absent from a final decision
affecting their interests, they will likely oppose the decision. Melling, supra
note 13, at 1677.





n224  The 9 Billion-People Question, ECONOMIST, Feb. 24, 2011,
http://www.economist.com/node/18200618.





n225  press Release, House Comm. on Foreign Affairs, supra note 208.





n226  press Release, House Comm. on Foreign Affairs, supra note 208.





n227  Agust[#xED]-Panareda, supra note 169, at 24, 29-30.





n228  Agust[#xED]-Panareda, supra note 169, at 29.





n229  Agust[#xED]-Panareda, supra note 169, at 29-30.





n230  Agust[#xED]-Panareda, supra note 169, at 29-30.





n231  Inskeep, supra note 157 (concerning opposition to Bush's proposals);
Abbott, supra note 123(concerning opposition to Obama's proposals).





n232  CONWAY, supra note 8.


                             568 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                        Quality First Aid & Safety, Inc.

                                50202 Dennis Ct
                                Wixom,  MI 48393
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 248-926-8660
URL: http://www.qfas.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 30878932

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  ANSI, ASTM, FDA Approved
GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Quality First Aid & Safety, Inc. is a distributor, manufacturer, and supplier
focussed on First Aid, First Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, Showers, Fire
Extinguishers, and 32 other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise
Data. Quality First Aid & Safety, Inc. does business in the Aerospace,
Agriculture, and Automation Industries, as well as 25 other major Manufacturing
Industries. Quality First Aid & Safety, Inc. has at least 2 business locations.
The company describes itself via it's website thusly: "Quality First Aid is the
exclusive distributer for OxySure. We specialize in Hard hats, respirators,
safety goggles, dust mask and Hi-Viz seatbelt covers."
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; manufacturer; supplier; All Other Support Services

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
42512039
SIC CODES:
50870304
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies
     ·    Showers


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Fire Extinguishers
     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies
     ·    Latex Gloves
     ·    Safety Glass
     ·    Safety Glasses
     ·    Vans
     ·    Anti-Fatigue Mats
     ·    Butyl Gloves
     ·    Chemical Resistant Gloves
     ·    Coated Gloves
     ·    Custom Mats
     ·    Cut Resistant Gloves
     ·    Double Palm Gloves
     ·    Earplugs
     ·    First Aid Cabinets
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies
     ·    Floor Mats
     ·    High Heat Gloves
     ·    Latex Gloves
     ·    Leather Gloves
     ·    Logo Mats
     ·    Neoprene Gloves
     ·    Nitrile Gloves
     ·    Showers
     ·    Spark Plugs
     ·    String Knit Gloves
     ·    Work Gloves


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Delivery Services
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Recycling Services
     ·    Rentals
     ·    Shredding Services


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Heavy Equipment & Machinery
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Mining
     ·    Office & School Supplies
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Acetates
     ·    Acid
     ·    Butyl
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Chlorine
     ·    Cobalt
     ·    Composites
     ·    Copper
     ·    Fibre
     ·    Glass
     ·    Neoprene
     ·    Nitriles
     ·    Nitrogen
     ·    Nylon
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Polyester
     ·    Polyethylene
     ·    Polyurethane
     ·    Potassium
     ·    PVC
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Silicone
     ·    Silicones
     ·    Silver
     ·    Sodium
     ·    Urethane
     ·    Urethane Foam


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Machinery


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Abrasives, Acetates, Acid, Anti-Fatigue Mats, Backgrounds,
Bands, Battery Packs, Belts, Boots, Bulbs, Bump Caps, Butt, Buttons, Butyl,
Butyl Gloves, Caffeine, Canvas, Cartridges, Channels, Chemical Resistant Gloves,
Chemicals, Chests, Chlorine, Clothing, Coated Gloves, Coats, Cobalt, Composites,
Copper, Cord, Cotton, Cotton Canvas, Credit Cards, Crystal, Cuffs, Cushions,
Custom Mats, Cut Resistant Gloves, Danger Signs, Defibrillators, Delivery
Services, Double Palm Gloves, Drinking Cups, Dust Covers, Dust Masks, Earplugs,
Electrodes, Elements, Emergency Kits, Emergency Lighting, Extenders, Face
Shields, Faucets, Fiber, Fibre, Filters, Fire Extinguishers, Fire Safety, Fire
Suppression Systems, First Aid, First Aid Cabinets, First Aid Kits, First Aid
Supplies, Floor Mats, Foam Coatings, Footwear, Forklifts, Gaskets, Gears, Glass,
Goggles, Grip Handles, Guards, Guides, Handrails, Hard Hats, Hats, Hazardous
Materials, Headers, Hearing Protection, High Heat Gloves, Honeycomb, Hoods,
Intakes, Interlocks, Jackets, Jerseys, Keystones, Lasers, Latex Coatings, Latex
Gloves, Leather, Leather Gloves, Lens Coatings, Lenses, Lifts, Lighting, Lights,
Lime, Linings, Lithium Batteries, Litters, Lockouts, Logo Mats, Machinery,
Masks, Metal Caps, Microwave, Mountings, Neoprene, Neoprene Gloves, Nitrile
Gloves, Nitriles, Nitrogen, Nylon, Office Paper, Outerwear, Overalls, Oxygen,
Packaging, Panels, Paper Towels, Pens, Pesticides, Pictures, Pins, Plastics,
Polyester, Polyester Fabrics, Polyethylene, Polyurethane, Potassium, Prisms,
Production Controls, Profiles, Protective Clothing, Protective Sleeves,
Protectors, PVC, Radios, Rags, Raincoats, Rainwear, Ratchets, Receptacles,
Recycling Services, Rentals, Replacement Filters, Respirators, Rubber, Rubber
Coatings, Safety Belts, Safety Equipment, Safety Glass, Safety Glasses, Safety
Mats, Safety Products, Safety Vests, Salt, Scrapers, Shirts, Shoes, Showers,
Shredding Services, Sign Blanks, Silicone, Silicones, Silver, Sleeves, Soap,
Soap Dispensers, Sodium, Solutions, Spark Plugs, Spices, Sprinklers, Storage
Bags, String Knit Gloves, Suspensions, Sweaters, Sweatshirts, T-Shirts, Tablets,
Tags, Teas, Terrycloth, Thread, Toilet Tissue Dispensers, Toilets, Towels, Trim,
Urethane, Urethane Foam, Vans, Vending Machines, Vests, Visors, Wire, Wool, Work
Gloves, Work Shirts, Yarns, Yellows, Zippers

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                             569 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Kirkintilloch Herald

                             May 30, 2015 Saturday

Do you know a first aid hero?

LENGTH: 274  words


Scotland's dedicated first aid charity, St Andrew's First Aid, is searching for
the country's first aid heroes as nominations open for this year's Scottish
First Aid Awards, sponsored by Physio Control.

The Scottish First Aid Awards were created to champion first aid in Scotland and
recognise those individuals and businesses that are leading the way in its
provision.

This year the awards take place on Friday 27 November at the Thistle Hotel in
Glasgow. The evening highlights the importance of everyone in Scotland having
basic first aid skills and the ceremony includes a sparkling wine reception,
dinner and entertainment.

Every minute counts in an emergency and first aid can potentially be the
difference between life and death. The Scottish First Aid Awards are a great way
to recognise people who have gone above and beyond what has been expected of
them in a first aid emergency.

There are seven award categories including Young First Aid Hero of the Year,
Community First Aid Champion and Organisation of the Year for First Aid
Excellence.

Chief Executive of St Andrew's First Aid, Stuart Callison says, "We believe that
no one should suffer or die because they needed first aid and didn't get it -
the Scottish First Aid Awards are a fantastic way to highlight the importance of
everyone in Scotland having these life saving skills."

You can nominate an individual or an organisation on our website
www.firstaid.org.uk/award-nominationsor call the Marketing and Fundraising
department on 0141 332 4031 for more information.

More information about St Andrew's First Aid and the work we do across Scotland
can be found at www.firstaid.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SFKH


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             570 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          Milngavie & Bearsden Herald

                             May 30, 2015 Saturday

Do you know a first aid hero?

LENGTH: 274  words


Scotland's dedicated first aid charity, St Andrew's First Aid, is searching for
the country's first aid heroes as nominations open for this year's Scottish
First Aid Awards, sponsored by Physio Control.

The Scottish First Aid Awards were created to champion first aid in Scotland and
recognise those individuals and businesses that are leading the way in its
provision.

This year the awards take place on Friday 27 November at the Thistle Hotel in
Glasgow. The evening highlights the importance of everyone in Scotland having
basic first aid skills and the ceremony includes a sparkling wine reception,
dinner and entertainment.

Every minute counts in an emergency and first aid can potentially be the
difference between life and death. The Scottish First Aid Awards are a great way
to recognise people who have gone above and beyond what has been expected of
them in a first aid emergency.

There are seven award categories including Young First Aid Hero of the Year,
Community First Aid Champion and Organisation of the Year for First Aid
Excellence.

Chief Executive of St Andrew's First Aid, Stuart Callison says, "We believe that
no one should suffer or die because they needed first aid and didn't get it -
the Scottish First Aid Awards are a fantastic way to highlight the importance of
everyone in Scotland having these life saving skills."

You can nominate an individual or an organisation on our website
www.firstaid.org.uk/award-nominationsor call the Marketing and Fundraising
department on 0141 332 4031 for more information.

More information about St Andrew's First Aid and the work we do across Scotland
can be found at www.firstaid.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SFMB


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             571 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

Director of Financial Aid

LENGTH: 1119  words

DATELINE: Lansing


National Association of Sales Professionals has issued the following job
announcement:


Director of Financial Aid
Job ID:  21984292
Position Title:  Director of Financial Aid
Company Name:  Fitchburg State University
Industry:  Education / Administration
Job Function:  Executive / Management
Location(s):  Fitchburg, Massachusetts, 01420, United States

Posted:  February 10, 2015
Entry Level:  No
Job Type:  Full-Time
Job Duration:  Indefinite
Min Education:  BA/BS/Undergraduate
Company:  Fitchburg State University
view full company profile
APPLY FOR THIS JOB
Contact Person:  Pamela McCafferty  Phone:  978-665-3435
Email Address:  pmccafferty@fitchburgstate.edu  Fax:  978-665-3897
Apply URL:  http://www.fitchburgstate.edu
Save Job  Email Job  Print Job
Job Description

General Statement of Duties: The Director is responsible for the planning,
organizing, supervising and administering of all financial aid activities at the
university. This includes monitoring programs to ensure that compliance and
correct interpretation of federal, state and institutional policies and
regulations are followed.

Supervision Received: Reports to the Assistant Vice President/Dean of Enrollment
Management and Planning.

Supervision Exercised: Supervises subordinate professional, classified, and
student personnel in the Financial Aid Office.

Responsibilities:

1. Provide exceptional customer service to prospective and current students and
their families.

2. Responsible for the evaluating, planning, organization, and administration of
all financial aid programs at the university.

3. Hire, train, supervise and evaluate the staff of the Financial Aid Office;
ensure their knowledge of financial aid regulations and policies.

4. Manage the daily operation of the Financial Aid Office; plan, direct, and
evaluate all activities of the office.

5. Monitor and reconcile fund expenditures for all federal, state and
institutional financial aid programs on an ongoing basis.

6. Develop, implement and maintain financial aid policies and procedures;
maintain a policy and procedures manual.

7. Evaluate student aid applications, determine student financial need, and
formulate an equitable packaging strategy for distributing limited funds to best
meet the financial need of a diverse student body.

8. Administer and oversee all federal, state, and institutional aid programs in
a manner which ensures efficient and appropriate awarding and disbursing
policies.

9. Prepare and submit applications and reports for federal and state funds;
provide the required documentation and support for all auditing activities
related to financial aid.

10. Maintain a comprehensive knowledge of current financial aid regulations and
policies; monitor national, state, and institutional developments that might
have an impact on financial aid programs at the university.

11. Conduct research, as necessary, to evaluate the impact of financial aid
programs on various aspects of institutional life and enrollment management
policies.

12. Develop, maintain and update appropriate informational publications and
application forms in order to provide prospective and current students and
parents with attractive and effective financial aid materials and information.

13. Counsel prospective and current students and parents with regard to
financial aid opportunities, procedures and financing issues.

14. Manage the data processing systems (SCT Banner, EDConnect); administer and
test all system upgrades; execute annual setup of new aid year in Banner.

15. Design and implement quality control mechanisms for all technological tools
and systems, as well as all office operations.

16. Design and execute queries and reports to assist in the management of
financial aid operations; provide data to supervisors as requested.

17. Prepare and administer the annual Financial Aid budgets.

18. Develop and enforce the university's Satisfactory Academic Progress Policy
for financial aid recipients in accordance with federal regulations.

19. Direct the staff in the evaluation of student eligibility and the proper
awarding of financial aid; oversee federal and state refund processes; review
and approve dependency overrides and other appeals.

20. Ensure that all publications meet the requirements of the Department of
Education with respect to consumer information regulations.

21. Collaborate with the Director of Student Accounts to ensure timely
disbursement of financial aid funds and timely receipt of student receivables;
coordinate activities that effect both departments, including federal and state
refund polices, disbursement notifications, book advances and perkins and
nursing loan servicing.

22. Administer default management programs for federal direct, perkins, nursing
and MA No Interest Loan programs.

23. Conduct financial aid workshops at the university and in the community to
promote the widest possible dissemination of information regarding financial aid
opportunities.

24. Work with the offices of Admissions, Registrar and Student Accounts on
student recruitment and enrollment management issues as they relate to financial
aid.

25. Administer, award, and disburse various institutional scholarships.

26. Establish and maintain appropriate liaisons with other campus offices and
government offices which might affect financial aid programs at the university.

27. Participate in regular training opportunities.

28. Serve on various university committees, as requested.

29. Perform other duties as assigned by the Assistant Vice President/Dean of
Enrollment Management and Planning.

Job Requirements

Qualifications:

1. Bachelor's Degree required; Master's Degree preferred.
2. Three to five years current experience directing financial aid programs.
Experience in the state college system desirable.
3. Demonstrated ability in the interpretation and implementation of federal and
state financial aid regulations.
4. Excellent written/oral communication and interpersonal skills. Ability to
work well with students, parents, faculty, staff and the general public.
5. A knowledge of higher education practices, principles, and procedures.
6. Thorough understanding of the structure and philosophy of the student
financial aid programs.
7. Knowledge of and experience with computerized financial aid systems.
8. Experience in the supervision of staff and the management of office
functions; e.g. budget, publications, master schedule, policy development, etc.
9. Knowledge of and demonstrable experience in all facets of the position as
described in the responsibilities of the job description.
10. Ability to perform above duties with or without reasonable accommodation.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             572 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Financial Gazette (Harare)

                               September 25, 2014

Medical Aid Societies in Crisis

BYLINE: Nelson Chenga

LENGTH: 1150 words


Dr Paul Chimedza, deputy minister of Health, was one of the key speakers at the
Association of Health Funders of Zimbabwe conference recently.

ZIMBABWE's medical aid societies are slithering into bankruptcy due to
escalating medical aid claims, with a recent hike in tariffs ordered by
government likely to worsen their already precarious position, industry players
warned. The situation could affect at least 1,6 million Zimbabweans who still
depend on medical aid, a form of insurance that protects individuals financially
should they be in need of medical or health care.

Information obtained by the Financial Gazette indicates that most medical aid
societies have started tapping into their reserves, and many are already facing
solvency challenges due to a grave mismatch between income and claims. Figures
indicate that claim payments from medical aid societies have been rocketing for
the past three years against dwindling financial inflows from an economically
struggling membership.

Last year, medical aid societies paid service providers US$342 million, a 50
percent jump on the US$174 million the sector paid in 2012. In 2011 medical aid
societies paid out US$155 million. "Effectively medical aid societies have dug
into their reserves to make these payments and now they are basically living
from hand to mouth," said Shylet Sanyanga, Association of Health Funders of
Zimbabwe chief executive officer.

An Insurance and Pensions Commission report has indicated a -51,69 percentage
change in the health class' gross premium written, which is the amount of money
being paid as insurance for the various medical aid schemes. While premiums for
the first quarter of 2013 amounted to US$381 263, a paltry US$184 200 was
recorded during the first quarter of 2014.

Explaining the statistics to the Financial Gazette, IPEC Commissioner, Manett
Mpofu, said: "As you may be aware, our economy has not been performing well and
many companies closed down during the period January 2013 to January 2014.
Closure of companies or scaling down of operations by companies leads to, among
other things, failure to remit medical aid contributions and hence the decline."

She added: "Obviously the implications are that many employees of the closed
companies or companies that have cut down operations no longer have access to
medical aid services and this will lead to loss of confidence in the providers
of these services by the public." But a government minister immediately
down-played fears of a sector-wide collapse, saying medical aid societies were
dishonest and "hiding behind a finger".

"(Medical aid societies) are trying to hide behind a finger. They are not being
honest and open. When they want public sympathy, they rush to the press," said
Deputy Minister of Health and Childcare, Paul Chimedza. But insurance industry
experts and medical aid society players said there was already a crisis in the
industry, which was likely to be worsened by a recent upward adjustment in
tariffs by government. An executive with one medical aid society said medical
aid societies were already liquidating their reserves, most of which were in the
form of prescribed assets, to meet claims.

The danger is however that if these buffer assets are depleted, medical aid
schemes will eventually fail to pay for claims made by service providers,
seriously endangering the life of medical aid schemes. Chimedza said there was
delinquency in medical aid societies which was undermining their operations.

"Money being collected are public funds. They (medical aid societies) must
produce figures of what they are earning and paying each other as salaries. We
have allowed them to operate without a buffer because of the difficult economic
situation. Ordinarily, we should have closed all of them because they are not
meeting their statutory obligations," fumed Chimedza, who accused the medical
aid organisations of insincerity.

"We have allowed them to increase contributions rates four times since
dollarisation and now they are offering service providers a US$1 increase in
tariffs. What has happened to all the money they have been collecting? Should we
allow hospitals to collapse and doctors to leave this country due to the very
low tariffs, just to serve medical aid societies? They are business people. They
should know how to run their businesses to survive," Chimedza said.

Although the Financial Gazette could not immediately determine how many medical
aid societies are in the red, indications are that the majority are tottering on
the brink of collapse After protracted negotiations between medical aid
societies and service provider that lasted more than eight months, failed to
yield an agreement, government gazetted new tariffs. The move has further driven
the medical aid societies into the doldrums, according to sector players.

General practitioners' consultations fees were increased from US$20 to US$35
after medical aid societies refused to accept the doctors' demand for US$75.
Doctors had also refused to accept the medical aid societies' request that fees
remain unchanged because members were struggling to pay contributions.

Of critical concern to the societies is the fact that since dollarisation in
February 2009, income has dwindled as companies shut down due to unrelenting
tough economic conditions. Companies that are still operational are struggling
to meet their medical aid obligations, medical aid society executives said, as
well as employee wages owing to serious illiquidity challenges affecting the
country. As a result, membership off medical aid societies has stagnated at 1,6
million. The formal sector now constitutes less that 20 percent of the economy.

"Due to the numerous challenges owing to the macro environmental factors, the
industry has spent energies operating in fire fighting and survival mode,"
Sanyanga told a recent AHFoZ conference, adding that medical aid societies are
being forced to accept subscription payment plans offered by employer
organisations because they realise that the existing operating environment
required flexibility.

"Failure to be flexible meant that medical aid societies would terminate many
firms and this could have damaged the sector beyond repair," she noted. While
the Government of Zimbabwe accepts the serious challenges confronting both the
medical aid schemes and service providers, it is also concerned by the many
cases of financial abuse and poor corporate governance by both parties.

"We would like to see good governance in medical aid societies so that the
funders' fiduciary duties are carried out efficiently and ethically... We hear
that some providers are engaging in unethical practices and committing fraud.
Let me state that if evidence of fraud is provided, the regulator will not
hesitate to take disciplinary action in order to clean up the sector of these
criminal elements before they rub-on to others," Chimedza said.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             573 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                           January 29, 2014 Wednesday

Bill would eliminate aid for new school bond issues

BYLINE: Celia Llopis-Jepsen.

celia.llopisjepsen@cjonline.com

LENGTH: 751 words


A bill introduced in the Senate education committee would eliminate state aid
for school bond issues meant to subsidize costs and even out resources among
districts with poorer local tax bases.

Senate vice president Jeff King, R-Independence, introduced the bill Monday. It
takes aim at one of the key areas of school finance where the state's
obligations have increased over the past five years. However, it also proposes
shifting money that would have been spent on bond aid to another category of
school funding that serves an equalization purpose - the state's long
underfunded supplemental general aid payments.

King said in a statement that the bill would ensure "our precious dollars are
being used directly to educate Kansas children" and not to "provide more bricks
and mortar."

His proposal, Senate Bill 305, says bond aid "shall only be distributed" to
districts with bonds passed by public vote prior to July 1, 2014.

Bills to cut bond aid have cropped up in the Legislature repeatedly in past
years, but have never passed.

King's bill proposes putting bond aid money toward supplemental aid instead.

Bond aid is aid for bond principal and interest and is distributed to districts
at rates that vary depending on their relative wealth. Supplemental aid is also
distributed based on an equalization formula, but goes toward operating costs
like salaries rather than capital costs like construction.

The Legislature hasn't funded supplemental aid at the statutory level since the
2008-09 school year, according to data on the Kansas State Department of
Education website.

Speaking Tuesday, Mark Tallman, a lobbyist for the Kansas Association of School
Boards, said his organization is concerned that supplemental aid is underfunded,
but would be concerned, too, if King's bill funds it at the expense of bond aid.

Peg McCarthy, vice president of the Topeka Unified School District 501 school
board, called bond aid important.

"One thing we've found," McCarthy said, "is with our mill levy, what we can get
locally isn't equal at all to districts with higher value."

USD 501 qualifies for 44 percent bond aid based on its assessed property
valuation per pupil compared to other districts.

Assessed valuation per pupil in USD 501 was $46,192 last year. By contrast, in
nearby Kaw Valley USD 321, it was $251,673 because of a coal plant there and the
district's relatively small enrollment.

USD 501 is planning a public vote in April on a $143 million bond issue. The
timing means that even if S.B. 305 passes, it wouldn't affect access to bond
aid.

"This is exactly why we felt we needed to move forward with the election in the
spring," McCarthy said.

Members of the USD 501 board have said they believe waiting until the November
general elections to vote on the bond is too risky.

Bond aid - like payments to the Kansas Public Employees Retirement System - is
one category of state spending on schools that has steadily increased and is
higher today than before the recession. Last year, the state spent $111.5
million on bond aid, up from $79.5 million five years earlier, data from the
education department and Kansas Legislative Research Department show.

Appropriations for supplemental aid have also grown since before the recession,
but haven't kept pace with what districts qualify for. When the recession hit
and base state aid to schools fell, districts turned to supplemental budgets to
fill the gap, thereby boosting the demand for supplemental aid. Since the
Legislature underfunds supplemental aid, however, the education department
prorates what the districts receive. Last year each district received about 80
percent of its supplemental aid payments. For USD 501, receiving the full amount
would have meant another $3.5 million in aid.

King's office said his bill would resolve the underfunding of supplemental aid
within five or six years and that this would help districts lower their mill
levies.

Superintendents have said repeatedly that underfunding supplemental aid forces
them to raise taxes or cut costs. Eliminating bond aid could, however, push up
mill levies for districts planning bond issues.

USD 501's bond issue would pay for an array of projects, including a new
elementary; a career learning center modeled on a program in the Blue Valley
district; tornado shelters at schools that lack strong shelters; security
improvements, such as bullet-resistant window film and panic buttons, meant to
guard against shootings; classroom technology for middle and high schools; and
other projects.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             574 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times of Zambia (Ndola)

                               November 30, 2013

HIV/Aids Free Zambia Possible

BYLINE: Sycorax Tiyesa Ndhlovu

LENGTH: 1257 words


DECEMBER 1 every year is an important day throughout the world because this is
when each of one of us remembers the causes and devastating effects of the HIV/
AIDS pandemic the world over.

To date, no one can say he or she doesn't know the causes and effects of HIV and
AIDS. It is said: 'If you are not infected you are affected.' This is true to
each one of us.

Children, youths and elderly persons are aware of the causes and effects of HIV
and AIDS.

What is critical to consider is that Zambia and many other countries worldwide
have lost many lives from HIV/ AIDS. From Zambia's point of view, the most
affected age group has been 15-49-year-olds.

Apart from losing many lives, what is worrying the loss from this age group is
that this is the most productive of Zambia's population.

Therefore, for Zambia, HIV/AIDS is not only a social but also a development
issue. Youths who are energetic enough to develop this country are dying due to
HIV/AIDS.

Previously, being infected with HIV was like being handed a death penalty. The
pandemic in Zambia had reached a stage where it was reported that every minute,
four people were being infected with HIV.

It was reported that about 16 per cent of the age group between 15 and 49 were
infected. This led to an increase in persons widowed and orphaned, and thus the
emergence of orphans and vulnerable children (OVCs).

HIV/AIDS has been a killer disease in almost all countries worldwide, and women
are the most vulnerable to infection partly because of their status in society,
as well as their biological make-up Considering the negative effects of HIV/AIDS
on socio-cultural and economic development of a country and the future of the
world in general, HIV preventative measures suddenly come up, starting with
creating awareness on the dangers of HIV/AIDS. Catch words like STOP

AIDS: Leaders keep the promise' have been common among local communities.

Alongside creating awareness and education about the dangers of HIV/AIDS, use of
condoms was popularised. Male and female condoms were introduced and
distributed, freely, as a measure to reduce the spread of HIV/AIDS.

It was from such alarming statistics that more efforts were made in the fight
against HIV/AIDS.

A song Sewenzetsani Makondomu'was composed and is played with a view to creating
more awareness about the dangers of the pandemic.

Male circumcision (MC) has also been identified as another effective tool in the
fight against HIV/AIDS. Males have been urged to go for MC as it is also
hygienic.

Because the most affected age group is the youth, to reduce the spread of the
infection further, some HIV/AIDS activists have suggested that condoms should be
distributed in schools where many youngsters who are sexually active are found.

First Republican president Dr Kenneth Kaunda has also been instrumental in the
fight against HIV/AIDS. Others who have taken a leading role in this fight are
Bishop Joshua Banda, Professor Nkandu Luo and Senior Chief Mukuni of Southern
Province, among others.

Many HIV prevention organisations were formed to contribute to the fight against
HIV/AIDS. The National AIDS Council (NAC) working in conjunction with the
Ministry of Health and civil society

organisations (CSOs) involved with HIV and AIDS prevention were co-ordinating
the efforts in the fight against HIV/AIDS. Huge sums of financial resources were
spent to facilitate the successful fight against HIV/AIDS.

With more efforts in trying to find a lasting solution to the pandemic,
anti-retroviral drugs (ARVs) were discovered and distributed in almost in all
countries.

The Zambian Government put in more efforts to ensure that ARVs reach every
corner of the country to save many lives.

With the coming of ARVs, HIV/AIDS is no longer a death penalty it was initially
believed to be. Now when one is infected, he/she has to go for voluntary
counseling and testing (VCT). If one is HIV positive and the CD4 has dropped to
a certain level, one is supposed to start taking ARVs drugs.

When a person living positively with HIV adheres to ARV intake, one lives longer
as expected. In fact, there are some PLPWHA who have lived longer than those who
are negative after adhering to ARV treatment.

It is from such strategies in HIV/AIDS prevention that Zambia managed to reduce
the infection from about 16 to below 14 per cent. This was a good achievement;
but the war is still on.

While some HIV/AIDS prevention measures have been well received in some quarters
of society, some have not.

One of the concerns in prevention is that there is a myth among some men living
positively with the virus that when such a person has canal knowledge with a
girl-child (2-4 years), such a man will be cured of HIV/AIDS. This belief only
tends to spread infections.

Some people have argued that distribution and use of condoms is promoting
promiscuity among different age groups in society. People against use of condoms
have argued that abstinence is far better than condoms. It has been argued that
condoms aren't 100 per cent perfect

in HIV prevention.

For example, the Catholic Church has not welcomed the use of condoms as a
measure to prevent the spread of HIV infection. It has even opposed distribution
of condoms in schools. For the Catholic Church, abstinence ili chee!

What has been worrying some members of society is that some clergymen have been
advising their church members not to be taking ARVs when such people are living
positively with HIV. Some pastors have been advising their church members not to
take ARVs but to just have faith

in God the Creator.

These and many others are some of the challenges in the fight against HIV/AIDS
pandemic in our society.

It is from such background that all should behave responsibly if we can stop the
spread of HIV/AIDS. This is because we cannot continue losing precious and
productive lives when one can easily prevent HIV the infection.

Moreover, why allow yourself to die when you can live longer by knowing your
status and going for VCT and, when you are positive, you adhere to taking ARVs
as advised.

What is interesting in the fight against HIV/AIDS is that, except for having
canal knowledge of a baby girl, it seems there is consensus that all methods
used in the fight against HIV/AIDS are good because what is important is to stop
its spread of.

So, aim at being among the few HIV/AIDS survivors. Use the right and effective
method(s) of prevention. Aim at being among the few to tell the story of causes
and devastating effects of HIV/AIDS to the future generations.

You were created in God's own image. God loves you. Therefore, love yourself by
sustaining your life according to God's will. Don't reduce your life span
through casual and unprotected sex. Be smart. Be a leader. Promise to stop the
spread of HIV/AIDS. Keep such a promise

and spread the good news to stop HIV/AIDS now.

This is why the First Lady Dr Christine Kaseba has been instrumental in helping
women fight against cervical cancer among African women; and Zambia in
particular. Dr Kaseba doesn't want cervical cancer to have a devastating effect
on women the way HIV/AIDS has done.

Each one of us should show love for one's children through avoiding careless and
unprotected casual sex. Have one sexual partner for life.

If possible, abstain from sex. Let's all join hands in the fight against HIV/
AIDS. Let's all reduce the number of OVCs in our community.

With unity of purpose, it is possible to have an HIV/AIDS free Zambia. If you,
that one and I can join hands to stop HIV/AIDS in Zambia, soon or later, we will
have an HIV/AIDS-free world.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             575 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                     Watani

                                October 23, 2013

Foreign aid...friend or foe?

LENGTH: 868  words


Sayed Nasri- Fady Labib
With Egyptian economy in the doldrums, how can the country deal with the
reduction in foreign aid?

The partial suspension of US military and financial aid to Egypt earlier this
month produced a hostile, inflammatory harangue against the US in Egypt. The
anger did not stop at rejecting or denouncing the US decision; it went as far as
to imply that Egypt needed no US aid in the first place and should do without
it. Suggestions came up that Egypt should cancel its peace agreement with Israel
altogether, since US aid was stipulated as a guarantor of Egypt's and Israel's
continued respect of the peace treaty. Other voices called for diversifying the
sources of supply of Egypt's arms, so as not to depend entirely on the US.
The issue raises the question of the extent of Egyptian dependence on foreign
aid, specifically that which comes from the US.

Economic doldrums
The US and the European Union are undoubtedly significant trade partners to
Egypt. Commercial exchange between Egypt and the EU exceeds an annual 34 billion
Euros and amounts to some 40 per cent of Egypt's total trade. Egypt has received
1 billion Euros in aid from the EU since 2006, of which 400 million Euros are
direct economic aid, and an additional 500 million Euros going towards direct
development and development of natural resources.
US commercial aid to Egypt was reduced from USD815 million in 1979, the year the
peace treaty with Israel was signed, to the current USD250 million per year. But
the major part of US aid is the yearly USD1.3 billion.
Predictably, cutting such aid would cause a number of problems, given that Egypt
is currently suffering from a severe economic crisis, and may further complicate
the country's relations with the donors. It would also make it difficult for
Egypt to obtain additional funding from international finance institutions such
as the IMF and World Bank.
Over the last 18 months Egypt accumulated a USD19 billion finance gap according
to government statistics. Foreign aid and loans are considered a primary means
by which to help to address the country's current budget deficit, which has
reached 13 per cent, considering the high cost of domestic borrowing and the
government's increased inability to acquire domestic funding.
Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and Kuwait are playing a significant role
in supporting Egypt's economy in the coming months through aid packages to the
tune of several billion dollars.

Political penalty
The strategic expert Assem Dessouqy explained to Watani that the biggest part of
US aid to Egypt goes to purchasing arms and military equipment.
In case of commercial aid, Egypt doesn't get it in cash but in the form of
agricultural products that should be purchased from the US alone, meaning that
the US is a main beneficiary. But Dr Dessouqy sees that the aid, which was
originally granted as a means to enhance peace in the region, is now being
exploited to pressure Egypt politically.
As far as EU aid goes, Gamal Bayoumi, Secretary General of the Egyptian European
Partnership at the Ministry of International Cooperation, said that European aid
is not a grant to Egypt; it is part of the European-Egyptian partnership.
Halting it is a form of political penalty.
"It is important to reach the point where Egypt can do without foreign aid
which, naturally, comes at a price and carries the implication of intervention
in our domestic affairs," the economic expert Rashad Abdu says. "The only way to
be on our own is to improve the security and economy of our country. The USD1.5
billion in total aid we get every year may be compensated for if we manage to
bring back tourism to its pre-2011, pre-Arab Spring, level. Back then the income
from tourism amounted to an annual USD12.8 billion, meaning that US annual aid
can be made up for by the income of a month of high tourism.

US benefits
In total agreement with Dr Abdu is Hussien Sabbour, Chairman of the Egyptian
Businessmen Association, who says that increased production can very well cover
the gap of suspended US aid. But then, Mr Sabbour says, this applies to the
value of the aid package not to the products acquired. "It applies," he says,
"to the economic aid but not to the military aid which provides Egypt with spare
parts of military equipment." To do without that, he says, we should diversify
our military supply sources.
"The US benefits greatly from its aid package to Egypt," international law
expert Nabil Hilmy told Watani, since all purchases and expertise acquired on
account of the aid package have to be imported from the US-usually at a value
higher than the market price. Does this mean that, should the US cut its aid to
Egypt, US suppliers would suffer since they would lose the lucrative business
with Egypt? Watani asked. And would US suppliers be then banned from selling to
Egypt? "Not at all," Dr Hilmy says. "There is a very big difference between
suspending or cutting aid and severing economic ties-a move that is very serious
and was never taken before. As I already said, the US benefits greatly on
account of its trade with Egypt, so it would make no sense to curtail it."

WATANI International
24 October 2013

Watani ® All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1084


                             Copyright 2013 Watani.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             576 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                           September 19, 2011 Monday

Nepal's aid dependency falls to '34 pc'

LENGTH: 386  words

DATELINE: KATHMANDU


KATHMANDU, Sept. 19 -- A recent report brought forth by ActionAid has shown that
aid dependency of the poor countries have plummeted in the recent years,
attributing it to, among many reasons, aid itself. The findings came at a time
when the aid volume funded by donors has been increasing.

The report titled "Real Aid-Ending Aid Dependency" shows that aid dependency has
fallen in Ghana from 46 percent to 27 percent; in Mozambique from 74 percent to
58 percent; in Rwanda from 86 percent to 65 percent and in Nepal from 53 percent
to 34 percent.

It also shows 14 of the 30 most aid dependent countries in 2000 reduced their
dependence by more than 20 percent of expenditure by 2009, and

the average dependence of these 30 countries fell by 36 percent of expenditure
over the same period. The report argues that real aid, the kind of aid where the
development is spearheaded by the government itself and not per the interests of
donors, is important.

The report says the "decline in aid dependency is good reason to cheer because
dependency undercuts countries' ability to chart their own development
strategies, which is needed if development is to really take root".

Highlighting about Nepal the report says that aid to Nepal has doubled since
2000. Despite this, aid dependency is falling constituting 53 percent of
government spending in 2000 and 34 percent in 2009. Meanwhile, tax revenue stood
at 15 percent in 2009.

The report has urged the donor countries throughout the world to focus more on
real aid which, it shows, makes a real difference in reducing poverty and their
involvement in uplifting the lives of people.

This is the third Real Aid report by ActionAid which had earlier published first
Real Aid report in 2005 and Real Aid 2 a year after.

With this report, it has been clear that the aid recipient countries have
started pulling their socks up in mobilising their own resources through their
own effort.

REPORTSPEAK

Aid dependency decreasing worldwide

Nepal's ratio of aid in government spending fell by 19 pc

Decline in aid dependency a good reason to cheer

Donor countries urged to focus more on real aid. Published by HT Syndication
with permission from EKantipur.com. For any query with respect to this article
or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             577 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                           September 18, 2011 Sunday

Nepal's aid : dependency falls to '34 pc'

LENGTH: 386  words

DATELINE: KATHMANDU


KATHMANDU, Sept. 18 -- A recent report brought forth by ActionAid has shown that
aid dependency of the poor countries have plummeted in the recent years,
attributing it to, among many reasons, aid itself. The findings came at a time
when the aid volume funded by donors has been increasing.

The report titled "Real Aid-Ending Aid Dependency" shows that aid dependency has
fallen in Ghana from 46 percent to 27 percent; in Mozambique from 74 percent to
58 percent; in Rwanda from 86 percent to 65 percent and in Nepal from 53 percent
to 34 percent.

It also shows 14 of the 30 most aid dependent countries in 2000 reduced their
dependence by more than 20 percent of expenditure by 2009, and

the average dependence of these 30 countries fell by 36 percent of expenditure
over the same period. The report argues that real aid, the kind of aid where the
development is spearheaded by the government itself and not per the interests of
donors, is important.

The report says the "decline in aid dependency is good reason to cheer because
dependency undercuts countries' ability to chart their own development
strategies, which is needed if development is to really take root".

Highlighting about Nepal the report says that aid to Nepal has doubled since
2000. Despite this, aid dependency is falling constituting 53 percent of
government spending in 2000 and 34 percent in 2009. Meanwhile, tax revenue stood
at 15 percent in 2009.

The report has urged the donor countries throughout the world to focus more on
real aid which, it shows, makes a real difference in reducing poverty and their
involvement in uplifting the lives of people.

This is the third Real Aid report by ActionAid which had earlier published first
Real Aid report in 2005 and Real Aid 2 a year after.

With this report, it has been clear that the aid recipient countries have
started pulling their socks up in mobilising their own resources through their
own effort.

REPORTSPEAK

Aid dependency decreasing worldwide

Nepal's ratio of aid in government spending fell by 19 pc

Decline in aid dependency a good reason to cheer

Donor countries urged to focus more on real aid. Published by HT Syndication
with permission from EKantipur.com. For any query with respect to this article
or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             578 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                            November 5, 2010 Friday

BBC apologises for claiming Live Aid funds bought guns

SECTION: IRELAND

LENGTH: 467 words


The corporation admitted in an on-air apology it had "no evidence" for the
claims which prompted a complaint from Band Aid Trustees including Bob Geldof.

An edition of Assignment, broadcast on the World Service last March, initially
reported aid had been diverted by a rebel group in the African country to buy
guns.

That story was subsequently followed up online and on programmes including From
Our Own Correspondent and the BBC News which named Live Aid and Band Aid as the
source of the misdirected funds.

An apology to be broadcast on the World Service stated: "Following a complaint
from the Band Aid Trust, the BBC has investigated the programme. The
investigation has concluded that the programme's evidence did not relate to
money raised by Band Aid and Live Aid. However, the programme gave the
impression that large amounts of Band Aid and Live Aid money had been diverted.

"The BBC wishes to apologise unreservedly to the Band Aid Trust for this
misleading and unfair impression. The BBC also wishes to apologise unreservedly
to the Band Aid Trust for a number of reports on television, radio and online
which went further than the programme itself in stating that millions of pounds
raised by Band Aid and Live Aid had been diverted to buy arms. The BBC had no
evidence for these statements, and they shouldn't have been broadcast."

The corporation also apologised to Mr Geldof after it "unfairly" said he refused
to comment on the story because it was too sensitive.

Mr Geldof welcomed the move but warned the BBC's "misleading and unfair"
coverage could damage public faith in charity campaigns.

"This was an unusual lapse in standards by the broadcaster and, most critically,
the World Service. It was Michael Buerk's frontline reports for the BBC from
Ethiopia which prompted me to act and establish Band Aid in the first place and
I recognise the important journalistic and humanitarian role the BBC has played
in our story.

"On behalf of all those members of the public who have so magnificently donated
to Band Aid and Live Aid over the last 26 years, we welcome the BBC's apologies
and hope that the public corrections can begin to repair some of the appalling
damage done and move forward."

The corporation also came under fire from Michael Grade, a former BBC chairman
and Band Aid trustee, who said they had got the story "horribly wrong".

He said: "It is surprising to me that a story so devoid of evidence could make
it to the air."

A BBC spokeswoman said: "Assignment did not make the allegation that relief aid
provided by Band Aid was diverted. However the BBC acknowledges that this
impression could have been taken from the programme.

"We also acknowledge that some of our related reporting of the story reinforced
this perception... we are looking at the lessons that can be learnt."

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             579 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            January 26, 2010 Tuesday

Pakistan: 89 HIV/AIDS patients registered in two months

LENGTH: 602  words

DATELINE: Pakistan


Pakistan, Jan. 26 -- Islamabad--- The Pakistan Institute of Medical Sciences
(PIMS) has registered as many as 89 patients suffering from HIV/AIDS during last
two months.The total number of HIV/AIDS patients so far registered at the PIMS
Centre for Treatment of AIDS, established in November 2005, has reached 715. The
data collected by 'The News' revealed that of 715 registered patients, the
number of male patients is more than 560, 120 females and 19 children.The
youngest of the registered cases is one-and-a-half years old. Not all
HIV-positive patients need treatment. Only those who have full-blown AIDS are
receiving antiviral treatment of AIDS at the PIMS centre.The total number of
AIDS patients so far registered at the centre is nearly 275. Most of the
patients registered with the PIMS belong to NWFP, Fata, AJK and Punjab,
including Jhelum and Gujrat, said PIMS Spokesman Dr. Waseem Ahmed Khawaja while
talking to 'The News' here on Monday.The PIMS centre, working under the National
Aids Control Programme, has 11-member staff, including six doctors, a nurse, a
laboratory technician, a data operator, a receptionist and a counsellor.

Professor Dr. Rizwan Qazi heads the centre, which is providing free screening
for AIDS, free of cost treatment to AIDS patients and free hepatitis B and
pneumonia vaccines to the victims of AIDS.Dr. Khawaja said that the centre is
also providing the facility of costly diagnostic tests free of cost to HIV and
AIDS patients, including PCR. 'All investigations of AIDS victims are free of
cost,' he said.To a query, he said that various NGOs refer the patients of HIV/
AIDS to the PIMS centre. In addition to NGOs, AIDS victims register themselves
with the centre. 'Private medical practitioners and doctors associated with
tertiary care hospitals also refer AIDS/HIV patients to the PIMS. The media is a
great source of information for new patients reaching the hospital.'He said that
most AIDS victims are suffering from the opportunist infections so they are
given treatment for them. 'Most patients reach the hospital with symptoms of
diarrhoea, excessive weight loss, fever, oral thrush and cough. The AIDS
patients are examined daily at the PIMS,' he said.He said that approximately
four to five patients are admitted per month for indoor treatment.According to
him, the causes of spread of the disease are not yet clear to many patients, as
they think that AIDS is spread by direct contact or using the utensils of the
patient.'Many male patients do not want to disclose to their family members,
including their wives, that they were suffering from AIDS. However in
counselling sessions, patients are convinced to disclose their disease to their
near and dear ones,' said Dr. Khawaja.He said that most patients registered with
the PIMS, particularly males, have a history of working in foreign countries.
'Most patients are afraid of the stigma attached with the disease. Many patients
have lost their jobs, their friends, relatives and their neighbours and place of
living after they disclosed that they are suffering from the disease.'Dr.
Khawaja said that the stigma attached with the disease needs to be removed. The
PIMS receives 20 to 25 patients of the disease every month on average, he
added.* The total number of patients registered with the hospital reaches 715*
The youngest of the registered cases is one-and-a-half years old* Most patients
belong to NWFP, Fata, AJK and Punjab Published by HT Syndication with permission
from Daily Pak Banker. For more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit
Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             580 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            August 1, 2007 Wednesday

OKC Events: August 1, 2007

BYLINE: Joan Gilmore

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 431  words


Proceeds from the 2007 Red Tie Night fundraiser have provided nearly $605,000 in
grants to agencies that assist Oklahoman's living with HIV/AIDS. Proceeds from
the 15th annual black-tie benefit go to the Oklahoma AIDS Care Fund, a nonprofit
agency founded by Barbara and Jackie Cooper in 1991. Red Tie Night, established
under the aegis of the Oklahoma AIDS Care Fund, takes place the first Saturday
night in March each year.

Agencies receiving grants include:

* AIDS Support Program Inc., aka The Winds House (housing support for people
living with AIDS).

* American Red Cross, Oklahoma County Chapter (HIV/AIDS education and prevention
among minority, at-risk, under-served and rural communities).

* Guiding Right Inc., (Multi-level HIV/AIDS prevention programs for
African-American women and men).

* HOPE Testing Clinic-Tulsa (non-biased HIV testing, outreach and counseling).

* Latino Community Development Agency (HIV/AIDS testing, education and
counseling to under-served Hispanic community).

* Legal Aid of Western Oklahoma Inc. (HIV/AIDS Legal Resource Project, providing
free legal services to low-income PLWA).

* Northern Lights Alternatives (funding for AIDS Mastery Bi-Lingual and women's
workshops).

* OSU Foundation Internal Medicine Specialty Clinic (specialty care, dental
services and testing for HIV/AIDS patients).

* Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation (education endowment).

* Other Options, Inc. (food pantry and nutritional meals for HIV/AIDS patients)

* Planned Parenthood of Central Oklahoma (HIV prevention and outreach through
community education programs).

* Red Rock Behavioral Health North side HIV/AIDS programs (outpatient mental
health, alcohol/drug services, medication clinic and case management to HIV/AIDS
clients).

* Special OACF Statewide Education Project (statewide billboard and bus bench
campaign for awareness and education).

* Tulsa C.A.R.E.S (emergency prescription, lab and co-pay assistance and
volunteer services for HIV/AIDS clients).

* Tulsa Community AIDS Partnership (HIV prevention/testing program for at-risk
women and Americorp workers salary support).

* University of Oklahoma Health Science Center, IDI Clinic (procurement of
computer equipment to track data from case management programs).

* OACF (emergency assistance program).

Bits and pieces

Norman's Sooner Theater's Young Producers will present Damn Yankees at 2 and
7:30 p.m. Thursday, Friday and Saturday at the theater, 101 E. Main. Tickets are
$10 per adult and $5 for children under the age of 12. Call (405) 321-9600 for
tickets or more information. Tickets may be purchased at the door.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             581 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Kalgoorlie Miner (Western Australia)

                           November 28, 2006 Tuesday
                                    GENERAL

Real life HIV story

SECTION: MINER; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 568  words


GOLDFIELDERS have a rare opportunity tonight to listen to the real life story of
someone living with HIV/AIDS.

The free session is being held at the Hannan's Club from 7pm and is open to men
and women aged 16 and over.

The event was organised by the Population Health and the Goldfields Women's
Health Care Centre.

Public health nurse Kiele Armstrong will speak on the topic "Sexual health -
things you may never expect to happen" and this will be followed by "Di's story,
what it means to live with HIV".

Ms Armstrong said it was a great opportunity for people to hear first hand an
inspirational account of how HIV has affected one lady's life.

"You can also hear about how HIV/AIDS and other sexually transmitted Infections
are affecting our local community and what is being done about it," Ms Armstrong
said.

"Everyone is welcome, bring your friends and family."

World Aids Day happens around the world this Friday, December 1 and to observe
the occasion health services from around the Goldfields are holding a special
youth event at Kingsbury Park.

From noon to 4pm there will be live music, free food and competitions.

The World Health Organisation (WHO) declared the first World AIDS Day in 1988.

The day quickly became established as one of the world's most successful
commemorative days and is now recognised and celebrated every year around the
world.

More than 190 countries around the globe participate in World AIDS Day each
year.

The aim of World AIDS Day is to raise awareness in the community about HIV
(human immunodeficiency virus)/AIDS (acquired immunodeficiency syndrome) issues,
including the need for support and understanding for people living with HIV/AIDS
and the development of education and prevention initiatives.

The red ribbon is the international symbol of HIV and AIDS awareness.

The ribbon was chosen to represent support for those living with and affected by
HIV/AIDS.

Red was chosen to symbolise blood and danger and the tails of the ribbon
pointing down was chosen to symbolise life flowing away.

The theme for the 2006 Australian World AIDS Day campaign is "HIV/AIDS: Let's
talk about it: many faces, different stories".

HIV/AIDS is still a major health issue with no known cure and Australians need
to be informed and reminded that we should not be complacent but remain
responsible for ourselves, vigilant with prevention and supportive of those who
have HIV/AIDS.

Not everyone infected with HIV will develop AIDS, however HIV can lead to AIDS.

The theme this year aims to educate people and raise awareness that prevention
is the best cure for HIV/AIDS.

AIDS FACTS

* In 1985, Australia became one of the first countries in the world to screen
all blood donors for HIV.

* By December 2001, AIDS had become the most devastating disease experienced by
humans.

* In Australia in 2005, there were 928 new diagnoses of HIV infection.

* At the end of last year an estimated 22,361 people had been infected with HIV,
and 6668 deaths had been attributed to AIDS.

* The main form of transmission of HIV in Australia continues to be sexual
contact between men.

* All Australians living with HIV or AIDS who require treatment can receive it.

* Globally, 38.6 million people had contracted HIV at the end of 2005, that year
there were 2.8 million deaths due to AIDS.

* Globally, women now comprise almost 50 per cent of all adults with HIV/AIDS.

* An estimated 2.3 million children under 15 are also HIV-positive.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AIDS aware: Public health nurse Kiele Armstrong and Goldfields Women's
Health Care Centre coordinator Natalie Ord prepare for the World AIDS Day
events.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 West Australian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             582 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                             March 20, 2006 Monday

Charity urges donor action as Aids leaves 9m African children without mothers:
Pupils miss schooling to care for sick parents: Mother's Day appeal for G8 to
give bulk of £3.6bn

SECTION: GUARDIAN INTERNATIONAL PAGES; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 327 words


Brazil

Female population 94.5 million

Women with HIV 260,500

Children who have lost a mother to Aids 2005 52,000

Children who will have lost a mother to Aids 2010 76,000

Mozambique

Female population 10.2 million

Number of women with HIV 690,000

Children who have lost a mother to Aids 2005 420,000

Children who will have lost a mother to Aids 2010 621,000

South Africa

Female population 24.1 million

Number of women with HIV 2.9m

Children who have lost a mother to Aids 2005 878,000

Children who will have lost a mother to Aids 2010 1.4 million

Democratic Republic of Congo

Female population 2 million

Number of women with HIV 765,000

Children who have lost a mother to Aids 2005 609,000

Children who will have lost a mother to Aids 2010 715,000

Sudan

Female population 18 million

Number of women with HIV 378,000

Children who have lost a mother to Aids 2005 86,000

Children who will have lost mother to Aids 2010 183,000

Angola

Female population 8 million

Number of women with HIV 175,000

Children who have lost a mother to Aids 2005 103,000

Children who will have lost a mother to Aids 2010 177,000

Nigeria

Female population 65 million

Number of women with HIV 2m

Children who have lost a mother to Aids 2005 952,000

Children who will have lost a mother to Aids 2010 1.4 million

UK

Female population 30.5 million

Number of women with HIV 17,700

Children who have lost a mother to Aids 2005 not available

Children who will have lost a mother to Aids 2010 not available

Russia

Female population 76.8 million

Number of women with HIV 290,000

Children who have lost a mother to Aids 2005 not available

Children who will have lost a mother to Aids 2010 not available

China

Female population 640 million

Number of women with HIV 207,500

Children who have lost a mother to Aids 2005 37,000

Children who will have lost a mother to Aids 2010 98,000

Vietnam

Female population 42.2 million

Number of women with HIV 70,500

Children who have lost a mother to Aids 2005 10,000

Children who will have lost a mother to Aids 2010 18,000

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             583 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       July 18, 2005 Monday Home Edition
                              Correction Appended

Church reaches out to people with AIDS

BYLINE: BILL OSINSKI

SECTION: Gwinnett News; Pg. 1JJ;

LENGTH: 747 words


They are sick and they are neighbors; but they have AIDS, so they are often
alone.

There are slightly fewer than 350 active cases in the Gwinnett area, according
to an AIDS support agency. There are also hundreds of churches in Gwinnett;
however, there are few connections between church groups and AIDS patients.

One exception is the AIDS Ministry of St. Oliver's Catholic Church in
Snellville. Members of this group do everyday things that AIDS and HIV-positive
people need help to do, such as cooking, housecleaning, yardwork or providing
transportation to medical clinics or the grocery. And when the sick people need
a hug or a caring touch, they give that as well.

Karen Straub, of Loganville, recalls a recent season when a gay couple receiving
the group's care had decided that Christmas wasn't worth celebrating.

Straub knew the men were depressed, because she had previously heard them say
how much the seasonal celebrations and decorations had meant to them.

So Straub and her fellow ministry team members bought a small Christmas tree,
pulled out the patients' stored boxes and decorated the home for them.

"It only took a few hours, and it brought them such happiness," Straub said.
"They would tell us the stories behind their favorite ornaments.

"They just sat there looking at their tree."

Straub knows first-hand the isolation that often comes with an AIDS diagnosis.
She lost a brother to AIDS, and she can recall how some of her relatives would
recoil in fear when they saw her give her brother a hug.

Brian Peckinpaugh, volunteer manager for AIDGwinnett, said there are a few other
church groups in Gwinnett and surrounding suburban counties that include AIDS
patients in their ministries.

"But no one else is close to what these people are doing," Peckinpaugh said,
referring to the level of assistance offered by members of the St. Oliver's AIDS
Ministry.

Most of the disconnect [ion] is caused by misinformation, he said. "People
think, 'We don't have AIDS here, this is Gwinnett,' " Peckinpaugh said. Others
think AIDS has been essentially conquered by new drugs, but the reality is that
it has not, he said. Also, many people are unaware of the extent to which the
disease has crossed the gender line; about 40 percent of the AIDS patients in
Gwinnett are women, he said.

About three years ago, the St. Oliver's AIDS Ministry was formed by the Rev.
Peter Jandaczek, one of the parish's priests at the time. A few months after the
first call for volunteers, the group had formed four teams. Each patient, or
"Care Receiver," is assigned to a team.

This group is the only AIDS ministry offered by a suburban parish in the
Catholic Archdiocese of Atlanta, members of the ministry said. In some of their
cases, the AIDS patients were not being served by the churches they had belonged
to.

Barbara Beck, one of the ministry members, said one of her team's cases was an
elderly couple, where the husband had contracted AIDS from an infected blood
transfusion.

The wife had never learned to drive, and the husband had become too ill. He had
to get to thrice-weekly dialysis appointments, but no one from their church
would help them.

Beck and others from the St. Oliver's ministry stepped in and took the man to
his 6:45 a.m. clinic appoints.

"He was so grateful, you couldn't help but love him," Beck said.

Pat Herman of Lawrenceville said she applies her personal experience with AIDS
to the ministry work. In 1987, when they lived in Oregon and awareness of the
AIDS epidemic was still low, her son came home fatally ill. "We knew he was
going to die, but he couldn't bring himself to tell us what it was," she said.

Now, Herman said, she knows AIDS patients need human connections as much as they
need medications. "My heart hurts for the families who go through this," Herman
said. "I know they [AIDS patients] like home-cooked food, and I'm a good
cleaner."

Earl Beck said the care and assistance are offered without making any judgments
on the lifestyles of the care receivers. Even though the disease can be spread
by practices that go against some church teachings, he said, the overriding
concern is that there are sick people who need help.

"I'm very interested in scripture," Beck said. "And I've never found an instance
in the Bible where Jesus said, 'I'm sorry but I can't help you, because you
brought this on yourself.' "

* On the Web: www.stolivers.com has a link to the AIDS Ministry.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: July 21, 2005 Thursday

CORRECTION: The number of AIDS cases in Gwinnett County was incorrect in a
Monday Gwinnett News story about the AIDS ministry of St. Oliver's Catholic
Church. The correct number, according to the Georgia AIDS Coalition, is 847.

                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             584 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            June 15, 2005 Wednesday

AIDS activist persecuted in China, rights group says

BYLINE: GEOFFREY YORK

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 764 words

DATELINE: BEIJING


China is jailing and persecuting dozens of AIDS activists, despite growing
evidence the country is facing one of the world's worst epidemics of the
disease, a new report says.

China forcibly shut down an AIDS orphanage, used violence against AIDS
protesters, imprisoned the staff of independent AIDS organizations and blocked
websites that provide vital information on how to prevent the disease, according
to the 55-page report to be released today by Human Rights Watch.

After denying the existence of its AIDS epidemic for many years, China has
recently begun to admit the spread of the virus, which is expected to infect 10
million Chinese by 2020 - potentially the world's largest HIV-infected
population.

Last year, Chinese Prime Minister Wen Jiabao pledged that the fight against the
epidemic will be the country's top priority. And in a high-profile gesture,
President Hu Jintao shook hands with AIDS patients at a Beijing hospital last
year for the first time, signalling the end of China's policy of denial.

Despite this new rhetoric, however, AIDS activists are continuing to face
persecution at the local level.

"Many entrenched local officials who may have a limited understanding of AIDS
fear any public discussion of the disease as a source of embarrassment that
threatens external investment in their impoverished regions," said Human Rights
Watch, an independent group based in New York.

The report cites cases of "harassment of AIDS training workshops and detention
of individual activists, harassment and detention of marginalized population
groups that are most at risk of contracting HIV, . . . general bureaucratic
restrictions on the activity of civil society and websites that curtail the
ability of those at risk of HIV transmission to share vital information."

Many of the worst problems are in China's Henan province, where as many as one
million villagers are carrying the AIDS virus after a tainted blood scandal in
the 1990s. Impoverished villagers were encouraged to sell their blood to poorly
run collection centres, often owned by local health officials who enriched
themselves with the schemes. When the centres failed to screen their blood for
AIDS, entire villages were left dying; an estimated 100,000 children became
orphans.

The report gives a long list of examples of persecution of people with the AIDS
virus last year alone in Henan: Five people with HIV were detained when they
sought economic aid the government had promised them; eight others were arrested
when they petitioned for government assistance; two others were arrested after
they travelled to Beijing to ask for economic aid; an AIDS activist was jailed
for eight days after contacting the U.S. ambassador; another AIDS activist was
attacked by a local official after he attended an AIDS conference in Beijing;
six volunteers at an AIDS orphanage were arrested or beaten by local officials
or thugs hired by the officials.

The orphanage, established in an abandoned temple in a Henan city in 2003, was
forcibly closed by the local government last July when 22 children were staying
in the building. A witness told Human Rights Watch that the orphanage was
surrounded by more than 100 police and government officials. The children were
forcibly removed and the staff were forbidden to speak to them.

"The children felt very scared and broke down and wept," the witness said.
"Badly shaken, one of the children fell into a faint. One volunteer, trying to
protect the children, was pulled into a car."

AIDS activists in many regions face "almost insurmountable difficulties" when
they seek legal registration for a non-profit AIDS organization, the report
says. And Chinese officials are using pornography laws to censor or shut down
websites that provide AIDS information to homosexuals.

"Grassroots organizations have direct experience that could greatly strengthen
the country's fight against AIDS," said Sara Davis, China researcher for Human
Rights Watch. The Chinese government announced this week that it has drafted a
new law to protect the rights of people infected with the AIDS virus. "Stigma
and discrimination are still prevalent," Chinese vice-minister of health Wang
Longde told a forum in Shanghai. "It is one of the main stumbling blocks to
preventing the spread of AIDS. There is widespread recognition of AIDS, but an
almost complete lack of knowledge about it."

One survey last year by the Health Ministry found that nearly 60 per cent of
China's urban residents would be "nervously afraid" to have public contact with
anyone with the AIDS virus.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2005 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             585 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                    November 13, 2000 Monday, FINAL EDITION

Artists' exhibit opens today;
 Show benefits AIDS programs

BYLINE: Richard Nangle; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 548 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER



- Art for AIDS Sake, the biennial art exhibition and AIDS Project Worcester
fund-raiser, begins today at the Worcester Center for Crafts.

Meanwhile, as the annual Dec. 1 World AIDS Day observance approaches, Health
Awareness Services of Central Massachusetts is accepting applications for an
award in memory of Marc Needleman, a Worcester-based AIDS activist who died last
year.

Art for AIDS Sake artworks will be on exhibit from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. through
Saturday. A gala reception and art sale will be held from 6 to 9 p.m. Saturday.
Tickets to the gala are $50 or $25 per person.

The Worcester Center for Crafts is located at 25 Sagamore Road. The exhibition
runs until Nov. 20.

Individual pieces of artwork will be sold for $180 to $500 with the proceeds
split evenly between the artist and AIDS Project Worcester. Members of the
general public can purchase artwork from noon to 3 p.m. Nov. 20 at the craft
center.

Jurors for this year's event are Susan Stoops, curator of contemporary arts at
Worcester Art Museum; Bernard Toale, owner of Bernard Toale Gallery in Boston;
and Ellen Lawrence, former director of the Cantor Gallery at the College of the
Holy Cross.

AIDS Project Worcester uses proceeds from Art for AIDS Sake to provide advocacy,
education, prevention, outreach and a full range of non-medical services to
individuals and families infected with, and affected by, HIV in Central
Massachusetts. AIDS Project Worcester serves more than 1,000 people and
thousands of collaterally affected individuals and family members each year.
Funding for AIDS Project Worcester services comes from individuals, events,
corporate and private foundations and federal and state public health agencies.

The Make a Wish from Marc'' award will be announced on World AIDS Day to one or
more people in the community who are infected with or have been affected by HIV/
AIDS.

Health Awareness Services described Mr. Needleman as a tireless activist for
people living with HIV/AIDS.''

As supervisor of Health Awareness Services programs on HIV/AIDS in the
Blackstone Valley, Marc set up its case management system and supervised its
speakers bureau.''

Mr. Needleman was a health adviser at AIDS Project Worcester, the first chairman
of the state Department of Public Health HIV/AIDS Bureau Advisory Board and
founder of the Central Massachusetts Consumer Advisory Board.

A subcommittee of the World AIDS Day steering committee will select this year's
winner or winners.

Applicants should submit in writing a single-page description of what their wish
is, why they feel their wish should be granted, and a brief description of their
HIV status and/or how they have been directly affected by HIV/AIDS. Applications
should include a name, address and phone number.

All information in the applications will be kept confidential. Letters should be
postmarked by Friday and addressed to Make a Wish from Marc'' c/o Jack Kickham,
World AIDS Day Committee, HASCM, 405 Grove St., Worcester, MA 01605.

Anyone interested in making a donation to the Needleman award is asked to do so
by Nov. 24. Checks should be made payable to HASCM/Needleman Award'' and
addressed to: HASCM/Needleman Award, c/o Mike Granville, HASCM, 405 Grove St.,
Worcester, MA 01605.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2000 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                             586 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   December 1, 1999, Wednesday, Final Edition

Number of AIDS orphans at crisis level in many countries

BYLINE: Lillian Lee Kim, Staff

SOURCE: JOURNAL

SECTION: News; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 337 words

The victims of AIDS not only include those it kills. Those it leaves behind can
suffer greatly.

The overwhelming number of children orphaned by AIDS has reached crisis levels
in many underdeveloped countries, especially in sub-Saharan Africa, where 95
percent of the world's HIV infected people live.

By the end of 1999, 11.2 million children will have been orphaned by AIDS,
according to a new joint report released today by UNICEF, the Joint United
Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS and the National Black Leadership Commission on
AIDS.

The number of AIDS orphans is expected to exceed 13 million by the end of the
year 2000, the report says. In some countries, up to 11 percent of all children
have been orphaned by the disease.

AIDS orphans are defined as children who, before they turn 15, lose either their
mother or both parents to AIDS. UNAIDS estimates 33.6 million people worldwide
are living with HIV infections or full-blown AIDS.

"The scale of the orphan crisis is almost unimaginable," said Carol Bellamy,
executive director of UNICEF.

Traditional support systems, already disrupted by the illnesses and deaths
caused by HIV/AIDS, are becoming severely strained by the dramatic increases in
AIDS orphans. The responsibility for these children often falls to their
grandparents, who frequently have limited resources.

In addition to the trauma of losing one or both parents, AIDS orphans are at a
higher risk of hardships such as poverty, malnutrition, illness, abuse and
sexual exploitation, according to the report. These children also face
discrimination due to the stigma attached to the virus.

The report says massive financial and organizational efforts are needed to
prevent the orphan crisis from completely overwhelming public services in many
developing countries.

Today, which was designated World AIDS Day, the United Nations sponsored a
symposium on AIDS orphans. Among the featured speakers were Hillary Rodham
Clinton, Queen Noor of Jordan and basketball star Magic Johnson.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                             587 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             July 15, 1997 Tuesday
                                  Late Edition

Aid storm threatens islands

BYLINE: Geoffrey Barker

SECTION: NEWS; Opinion; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 842 words


Many small South Pacific countries depend on Australian aid for economic reform,
yet Australian aid levels are dropping sharply, writes Geoffrey Barker.

Australian aid to South Pacific countries was barely mentioned at last Friday's
Cairns meeting of Pacific economic ministers, according to the Federal
Treasurer, Mr Peter Costello.

This disclosure, at a news conference in Cairns, passed largely unnoticed, but
it was arguably more remarkable than the much-vaunted economic reform "Action
Plan" to which the ministers agreed.

Ministers from 13 small Pacific countries, some highly dependent on Australian
aid, discussed economic reforms apparently without considering the future of the
$429 million supplied in aid to them annually by Australia. ($300 million goes
to Papua New Guinea and $129 million goes mostly to Fiji, Kiribati, the Solomon
Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu, Vanuatu and Western Samoa).

At a time when Australian aid levels are dropping sharply, and consultations are
under way in Canberra on the recent Simons report on the aid program, it seems
not one minister asked some obvious questions.

What level and type of ongoing support can be expected from Australia for
countries trying to reform economies and to reduce aid dependency in the South
Pacific? How does Australia propose to deal in future with the tiny States whose
prospects for graduating from aid dependency seem remote?

The questions are important because Australia, the biggest and richest regional
economy, is (quite reasonably) an enthusiastic advocate for economic reforms to
reduce aid dependency. Australia is, moreover, a major donor with important
economic and security interests in ensuring a prosperous South Pacific in the
global economy. It is a developed country surrounded by the developing world.

The fact that the questions were not raised speaks volumes about the foresight
of many South Pacific leaders - an issue that goes to the heart of the region's
poor development record. Countries now running painful economic reform programs
are entitled to seek assurances about Australian aid through their transitions.
The smallest and weakest are entitled to assurances about their future aid
levels.

For all its caution, for all its qualifying clauses, the Cairns Action Plan does
reflect the continuing aspirations of the Pacific States to lift their economic
and political performance and standards sufficiently to improve their long-term
growth prospects.

Australia's aspirations regarding the future of its falling overseas aid
payments are far less clear as Canberra's elites debate the Simons report, which
has essentially proposed that overseas aid be focused on one objective - the
reduction of poverty through sustainable development.

This is partly because of political concerns that public support for overseas
development aid may be weakening at a time of high domestic unemployment.

There seems little broad understanding that development aid is not a charitable
hand-out but an investment in the long-term national interests of both Australia
and countries receiving aid.

Furthermore the Simons report has confronted Mr Costello, and the Minister for
Foreign Affairs, Mr Alexander Downer, with three extremely tough political
choices.

First, it has recommended that Australia's commitment to an aid volume target of
0.7 per cent of GNP be replaced with "an achievable 3-5 year target". But does
Australia want to lead a global rush away from the 0.7 per cent United Nations'
target? If so what would be an achieveable target?

Second, it has recommended Australia work towards untying its aid from goods and
services supplied by Australian firms. There are good economic reasons for
untying aid (according to the OECD it reduces the average value of aid by 10 to
15 per cent), but there are strong domestic business pressures for continued
tied aid.

Third, it has recommended a new untied soft loan scheme to replace the
terminated Development Import Finance Facility scheme. Given the difficulties Mr
Downer inflicted on himself in ending the DIFF scheme, it may be difficult to
persuade him to agree to another soft loan scheme.

At the same time the Simons report sensibly urged differentiated Pacific aid,
based on the resource bases and income levels of individual countries. It
suggested that "it may be appropriate to re-examine the quantum and nature of
assistance to individual countries" and plan the ending of aid for wealthier
countries with "good prospects for self-reliance".

Mr Costello was doubtless pleased that aid issues were not pressed on him last
week. He said the Action Plan should be seen "as an agreement of common mind"
rather than something "hooked in with aid implications or consequences".

But the ability of many small South Pacific countries to reform their economies
and end their aid-dependent status is still intimately linked to programs
supplied by Australian aid. Australia will be better placed to urge faster
economic reform on small and weak neighbours when the future size and design of
its development aid is clearer to them.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1997 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             588 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                                  May 22, 1996

Teenagers can play a more active role

BYLINE: By Yeong Siu Kae

SECTION: Young times; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 472 words


I THOUGHT I knew enough about AIDS. So did many of the teenagers I talked
to. But none of them knew that May 19 was AIDS Memorial Day. When informed
of the day, some asked "Memorial for whom?" and exclaimed, "Why should we
honour those who have done wrong and got what they deserved?"

We have labelled AIDS patients as people deserving punishment such as
adulterers and drug abusers. Many of us have forgotten those who
contracted AIDS through faulty blood transfusions and medical mishaps.

When asked whether they would avoid a person who they knew had AIDS,
many said they wouldn't. But they had answered instantly, as if this could
never affect them in real life.

Would they offer an encouraging hug to a patient or shake a victim's
hand or allow their younger brothers and sisters to play with a child who
has AIDS? Many had second thoughts about all this.

To many teenagers, knowing how AIDS is contracted is enough. Knowing the
many illnesses you can die from if the virus which causes AIDS is present
in your body is enough.

One teenager asked: "What else is there to know? What else do you want
to know?" How about whether there are local AIDS support groups? And what
they can offer?

How can teenagers help? One teenager suggested giving moral support to
AIDS patients, to let them know they are not alone.

Another suggested getting them to talk about their experiences and to
warn others not to follow in their footsteps.

Yet another said AIDS support groups should help inform other teenagers
about AIDS. "Why give support to the dying? Why not keep the living from
dying as well?"

Teenagers have a lot of energy which can be harnessed. But we don't know
where to go or where to offer our assistance. In the US, the Paediatric
AIDS Foundation, co-founded by the late Elizabeth Glaser, raises funds for
AIDS research especially for children with AIDS.

Besides that, the foundation offers moral support and hope for many
bereaved parents. The idea of helping children with AIDS appeals to
Malaysian teenagers as well. Perhaps this is a possible dream.

To stop AIDS, we should first identify it. Many of the teenagers
interviewed think students should be tested for HIV if only to get
accurate statistics on how many of us have it. If testing is to be done,
every teenager should undergo it, not just a selected few.

And the results should be sent discreetly to our houses and not to our
schools. Besides testing for the HIV, the test could also show up drug
abuse.

We teenagers think that we should step out of our passive shell and play
more active roles in this battle against AIDS. What we would like to know
is how to do this. But first, let us take some time to reflect on and
remember all the victims of AIDS. And let us pray that we find a cure ...
fast!


LOAD-DATE: March 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: (STF) - For seven members of the Writers' Bloc, the International AIDS
Memorial Day on May 19 was a day to reflect on how society, and youth in
particular, has dealt with AIDS. Their general conclusion of the matter is
alarming: Malaysian teens, they write, are still largely clueless about the
disease.

            Copyright 1996 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                             589 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     OCTOBER 10, 1995 Tuesday FINAL EDITION

TAKING A NEW SLANT TO COMBAT AIDS JESSE MILAN'S BIGGEST MISSION? TAKING THE
POLITICS OUT OF PHILA.'S EFFORT.

BYLINE: Huntly Collins, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 1096 words


Jesse Milan has a little red spray can labeled with a popular vulgarity and the
word repellent on his desk.

And by all accounts, he'll need as much of that as he can get in his new role as
director of the city's AIDS Activities Coordinating Office (AACO).

"I keep it close at hand for friend and foe alike," said Milan, 39, who assumed
the $90,000-a-year post at the Philadelphia Health Department on July 8.

Milan, a lawyer and former chief-of-staff to Temple University President Peter
J. Liacouras, has his work cut out for him.

At a time when the AIDS epidemic is still expanding in Philadelphia, Milan will
likely be the city's first AIDS director to be faced with a shrinking budget.

He will also oversee the first major restructuring of the complex decision-
making process that determines the priorities for spending millions of
dollars in federal funding for AIDS.

And Milan has inherited an agency that has been wracked by political in-
fighting, low staff morale, and credibility problems.

He is the sixth director of the AIDS Activity Coordinating Office (AACO) in its
eight-year existence.

Milan succeeds Richard Scott, who resigned after some AIDS activists accused him
of being insensitive to the concerns of racial minorities.

"This is one of the toughest areas of the Health Department," said City Health
Commissioner Estelle Richman, who appointed Milan to the AIDS post. "People are
still focused on the politics of AIDS, not the disease."

In the fractious world of AIDS politics, where gays are often pitted against
straights, blacks against whites, men against women, and big organizations
against small, Milan hopes to keep his vision trained on the one enemy that
everyone has in common - the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), which causes
AIDS.

Since 1981, the AIDS epidemic has claimed nearly 6,000 lives in the Philadelphia
region. Based on national studies, city health officials estimate that more than
23,000 people in Philadelphia and its surrounding suburbs are now infected with
HIV.

"If that's true, then the majority of AIDS cases in our region have yet to be
diagnosed," Milan said.

A graduate of Princeton University and New York University Law School, Milan is
the first African American to head the city's AIDS office. He is also openly gay
and the former chairman of the Mayor's Commission on Sexual Minorities.

Six years ago, Milan learned he was infected with the AIDS virus - a fact he
doesn't hide.

"People need to know that even an HIV-positive diagnosis doesn't mean you are in
the grave right away," Milan said. "People (who are infected) can live active
lives for many years."

Milan is a picture of vitality. A tall, trim man, he routinely works 12- hour
days, exercises regularly, plays the piano, and is active in the Episcopal
church.

Since being named AACO director, Milan has made it his business to visit as many
different AIDS agencies as he can.

"Wow! Look at all these volunteers," Milan said one recent morning as he breezed
into the Center City headquarters of Manna, an AIDS nutrition program, where
volunteers bustled around to prepare hot chicken dinners for delivery to more
than 300 homebound AIDS patients.

During his visit, Milan got a firsthand look at the agency's operation and its
new nutrition booklet, funded with about $100,000 from the city. The booklet is
targeted at the growing number of low-income minorities in Philadelphia who are
now being diagnosed with HIV.

As AACO director, Milan oversees the city's contracts with more than 60 groups
such as Manna - most of them private, nonprofit agencies that deliver a wide
array of social and medical services to fight the AIDS epidemic.

All told, the groups receive $20 million in taxpayer money, most of it from the
federal government. "We have an expanding and changing epidemic and we need to
do everything we can to stop it," said Milan.

Nonetheless, Milan wants the city to hold its AIDS contractors more accountable.

In recent years, directors at two of the city's largest AIDS agencies have been
accused of fiscal mismanagement. What's more, the city's system of doling out
about $15 million in federal AIDS funds has been fraught with financial
conflicts of interest.

Milan said he hopes to attack those problems by improving AACO's own operations
so it can more effectively monitor the agencies it funds. He has hired an
outside auditor, Mitchell/ Titus & Co., to help put AACO "in working order."

For the first time, AACO will develop procedures to evaluate the quality of AIDS
services supported by taxpayer dollars, Milan said. "That is something the
system has never had," he said.

Milan also has high hopes that a new 44-member regional planning
commission, to be named by Richman today, will take some of the politics out of
AIDS planning.

The commission, which will set priorities for federal spending on AIDS in
Philadelphia and its surrounding suburbs, replaces an 88-member consortium made
up of AIDS service providers.

Milan said the commission will bring new faces to the table and ensure that the
needs of those infected with HIV - not the needs of particular AIDS agencies -
come first. Half the commission members will be HIV-positive, he said.

"Our expectations are very high for them to look with fresh eyes and fewer
political constraints," he said.

Though Milan has yet to be tested in the crucible of AIDS controversies, his
appointment has won praise from diverse interests in the AIDS services
community.

Dorothy Mann, director of the Family Planning Council, called Milan "a fabulous
appointment" who has a shot at bringing credibility back to AACO and healing
some of the divisions that split AIDS providers in the past.

"Most people respect the fact that Jesse has integrity," said David Fair, the
city's first AACO director and now executive director of We the People Living
with HIV/AIDS.

Tyrone Smith, director of Unity Inc., which runs an AIDS education program for
African American gay men, said Milan's appointment was "the best thing that
could have happened" at AACO. "He has given us an open door and we can dialogue
with him," he said.

James Roberts, executive director of the Minority AIDS Project, an umbrella
group representing 30 community organizations, also praised Milan's appointment.

"We don't know what the future of federal spending will be," Roberts said. "We
are all afraid there might be a rentrenchment. At the same time, the epidemic is
growing. Jesse has the most difficult job in the AIDS arena."

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;

PHOTO (1)
1. Jesse Milan has taken over an agency beset by political in-fighting, low
staff morale, and credibility problems. (The Philadelphia Inquirer, REBECCA
BARGER)

                  Copyright 1995 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             590 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   November 10, 1994, Thursday, METRO EDITION

Gay, AIDS activist George Smith, 59 a 'brilliant man'

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 324 words


   Prominent gay and AIDS activist George Smith was an extraordinarily generous
person with a wonderful mind, said a friend and teaching colleague at the
Ontario Institute for Studies in Education.

He was widely appreciated for the help he provided people in an "absolutely
unpretentious way," Dorothy Smith said. He was "a very brilliant man."

Mr. Smith died Sunday of complications due to AIDS at his Toronto home. He was
59.

He was chairperson of the Right to Privacy Committee, the community organization
formed after Toronto bathhouse raids in 1981 to provide support and legal
assistance.

In 1988, Mr. Smith helped start the group AIDS Action Now.

A year later, he was a founding member and director of the Toronto-based
Community AIDS Treatment Information Exchange.

He was instrumental in establishing the federally financed AIDS Treatment
Information Service, which will begin providing services to doctors and patients
across Canada early next year.

Mr. Smith was co-author of Getting Hooked Up, a study funded by Health and
Welfare Canada on social service delivery and access for people with HIV and
AIDS.

He also sat on a number of committees advising the federal and provincial
governments on issues related to AIDS, including the National Advisory Committee
on AIDS.

He was born in Montreal, received a master's degree from McGill University and
was a distinguished sociologist.

He taught school in Montreal and at Simon Fraser University in British Columbia.

Mr. Smith was a research associate at the Ontario Institute for Studies in
Education from 1985 to 1992.

He wrote numerous academic articles, including "Policing the Gay Community,"
published in the International Journal of the Sociology of the Law in 1988.

He leaves his partner, Sean Hosein, his mother, Florence, and his brother,
Robert.

No funeral was to be held, but a celebration of Mr. Smith's life will be
conducted later.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: GEORGE SMITH: Known for aiding others, he succumbed to AIDS.

                  Copyright 1994 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             591 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                             October 1, 1993 Friday

Is that your hearing aid languishing on the shelf?

LENGTH: 691 words


SCORES of useful, and expensive, hearing aids languish in drawers when they
could be plugging their owners into the vitality that stems from communication.

Most people who abandon a hearing aid do so because "it's not right" or using it
is "too painful".

One of three hearing advisers with the Better Hearing Association (SA branch),
Catherine Blakey, says an important and critical step in getting a hearing aid
is the free-use trial.

All Adelaide's hearing aid suppliers give customers free trials but, she says,
in some cases the time before payment is too short.

"Anyone wearing a hearing aid for the first time needs at least eight weeks to
assess whether it helps or is a nuisance or that something else may be more
suitable," says Ms Blakey.

"Even someone trying an upgraded hearing aid because of diminution of hearing is
still going to take four to six weeks to discover whether the new hearing levels
need to be adjusted." Before and during the trial period, a good audiologist or
hearing aid audiometerist does more than fit a hearing aid and say: "Wear it for
a couple of hours a day at first and you'll be right".

At weekly or fortnightly intervals, the customer reports his or her progress.

"There is a massive amount of variation in an individual aid and just slight
adjustments can make it comfortable as opposed to causing pain," Ms Blakey says.

As well, over a trial period and longer, noise levels or tones that are
uncomfortable at first can later be adjusted.

When acquired hearing loss occurs, usually slowly, the portion of the cortex
receiving sound from that ear becomes lazy.

"It doesn't lose the ability to listen. It gets lazy," Ms Blakey explains. "It
just wears out its application of energy to listen and you need to re-train it.

"I have worn an aid and not worn an aid in my right ear. On the last occasion,
it took me several months to relearn to listen; to stop myself tuning out
because the effort involved is tiring." She warns people against thinking of
their supplier: "He was so nice, I couldn't bother him again".

"That is a no go. There is a hefty mark-up on hearing aids by suppliers It
covers the cost of service and people should get that service while the hearing
aid is under warranty, usually 12 months." The Better Hearing Association, which
does not supply hearing aids but does provide consumer advice, suggests anyone
who thinks they have a hearing loss should see an ear, nose and throat
specialist for a diagnosis and possible referral for a hearing aid.

Pensioners, part-pensioners and anyone under 21 can become a member of the
Australian Hearing Services for a fee of $25 a year. This covers their hearing
testing, hearing aid supply, maintenance and repairs, aid moulds, audiological
assessment, batteries and upgrades of hearing aids.

Everyone else goes to suppliers in the private sector, paying, for one ear, from
$800 for an in-the-ear or behind-the-ear aid to $2000 for a programmable aid
with remote controls; and for two ears, from $1400 to $3000.

Ms Blakey says other costs run to about $30 for each mould trialled if it can't
be re-used, any repairs when the aid or aids come out of warranty and, in some
cases, insurance.

She says the Better Hearing Association is happy with charges up to $50 or $60
for removing carbon from a volume wheel, replacing a microphone or an amplifier
because a hearing aid often is necessary for a person to keep their job or for
his or her very survival.

But the association does urge caution on the part of anyone with a mild or
moderate loss faced with the outlay for two hearing aids.

Ms Blakey suggests it is practical and feasible to buy one aid, learn to use it,
and then buy the second.

And, she says, many people ask suppliers for, and get, payment terms.

It's also worth asking about concessions and repairs.

"If you become reliant on an aid and its going to take three-to-four days to be
repaired what do you do? Stay home from work? "People with in-the-ear hearing
aids may find their supplier has a range of behind-the-ear hearing aids, with
standard moulds, for temporary use."

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: artwork: people with hearing loss

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1993 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             592 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    February 26, 1993, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Host of U.S. churches see foreign aid as investment

BYLINE: Marilyn Greene

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 647 words


As the federal government prepares to slash spending, Congress is beginning to
hear surprising calls of support for a historically unpopular program: U.S.
foreign aid.

"There's no more 'them' and 'us,' " says Marie Bledsoe, 47, of Kansas City, Kan.
"A hungry person is a hungry person . . . We're a global community."

Bledsoe's church, the Pentecostal Church of God in Christ, is in one of the
city's poorest neighborhoods.

It's one of an estimated 1,000 across the nation whose members plan to let
legislators know they see aid not as a giveaway but an investment _ and want it
strengthened.

"Some folks don't realize how much people care about things like how our foreign
aid is spent," says Cathy Brechtelsbauer, 48, of Sioux Falls, S.D.

She's a member of Our Savior Lutheran Church, one of 25 congregations planning
an April march to the Sioux Falls Post Office with letters to Congress saying:
Use aid money to feed the hungry, less on arms.

In the current $ 15 billion foreign aid budget, 27% goes for military aid, 11%
for food.

Since the end of World War II, U.S. aid aimed at maintaining a political and
military balance with the Soviet Union.

With the end of the Cold War, people like Bledsoe and Brechtelsbauer may for the
first time in decades find receptive ears:

Deputy Secretary of State Clifton Wharton is examining the way U.S. foreign aid
is spent. His report and recommendations are due in April.

Sen. Patrick Leahy, D-Vt., chairman of the Appropriations panel that oversees
foreign aid, has called for an overhaul of the entire
program.    "A consensus has emerged, including the new

administration, that our foreign aid program needs top to bottom reform," Leahy
said this week.

His subcommittee this week launched hearings on foreign aid, with two givens:
Distribution of aid will be changed and it will likely be cut.

Egypt and Israel receive about $ 5 billion in U.S. aid, a third of the total.
Their share is unlikely to change. With the Persian Gulf war still fresh in
mind, and Middle East peace talks under way, Congress sees aid to the region as
an investment in security.

What is expected to change is how the remaining $ 10 billion is allocated.

The United States spends just 1.1% of its $ 1.5 trillion budget to assist other
countries, but foreign aid has always ranked near the bottom of taxpayers'
spending preference.

President Clinton wants to reduce the foreign aid total by about $ 2 billion,
making the debate over how it's divvied up even more heated than usual.

Among the factors:

A call for investments in democracy and technical training in the republics of
the former Soviet Union.

Pressure to pull funds for authoritarian regimes.

Requests for investment in projects that encourage agricultural
self-sufficiency.

Experience in Somalia, Sudan and Mozambique, indicating the need to head off
such disasters early.

Questions about aid for countries like the Philippines, 10th-largest aid
recipient before ousting U.S. military bases this year.

Leahy admits reforming aid will be "like turning an ocean liner around."

Economist Nicholas Eberstadt, author of Foreign Aid and American Purpose, is
even more skeptical: "Aid is . . . a mess. It costs more political capital to
fix than any president has judged worthwhile for many administrations."

Nations getting most U.S. aid Top 10 recipients of U.S. foreign aid in fiscal
year 1993:
Israel               $ 3.6 billion
Egypt                $ 2.2 billion
Turkey               $ 654 million

Former Soviet Union $ 581 million
Eastern Europe       $ 545 million
Andean nations(1)    $ 480 million
Greece               $ 315 million
El Salvador          $ 229 million
Nicaragua            $ 195 million
Philippines          $ 158 million

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, Stephen Conley, USA TODAY, Source: Congressional Research
Service (Bar graph); PHOTO, b/w, H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY

WASHINGTON AND THE WORLD; See info box at end of text

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             593 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            June 3, 1992, Wednesday

George Kish's struggle against AIDS

BYLINE: By Chris Wohlwend STAFF WRITERdisease; aid; organizations; leaders;
atlanta; deaths

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section A; Page 10

LENGTH: 337 words


Eleven years can be a long time in the era of AIDS. It can be a lifetime -
several lifetimes, in fact, as few people diagnosed with AIDS live more than
three years.

George Kish had 11 years after he found out he had AIDS. It was perhaps the
longest that anyone in metro Atlanta had survived with the syndrome. However,
those who knew him say he won't be remembered so much for how long he lived with
AIDS as for how well he lived with it, and for how he helped others do the same.

In addition to refusing to become no more than a victim of AIDS, Mr. Kish spent
his time supporting and caring for people with AIDS and attempting to educate
others about the disease. He refused to allow AIDS to take away the way he lived
even as it took away his life.

Much happened during the 11 years Mr. Kish considered himself blessed to live
with AIDS. The total number of AIDS cases diagnosed in the United States has
reached 218,301. Deaths from AIDS have surpassed 141,000. The most recent trend
has shown alarming increases in the rate of the disease among adolescents.

But there also have been positive developments. Education efforts have brought
lifestyle changes that cut the rate of AIDS among gay males, the first high-risk
group identified in this country. We have gone from a president who wouldn't let
the word "AIDS" cross his lips to one who pledges to make defeating the disease
a priority. Federal spending on AIDS has gone from zero to almost $ 2 billion
this year.

We have come a long way in the fight against AIDS since it first burst into the
public consciousness more than a decade ago. But we've got a long way to go
still. We'd be further along if there were more people willing to give the
effort that George Kish gave to eliminating AIDS as a disease and as a line of
demarcation separating people with AIDS from the rest of the world.

George Kish's long years of work ended with his death last week. But the job he
set for himself is not finished. It is left to the rest of us to take it up.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: George Kish

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                             594 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Daily Yomiuri

                            December 1, 1991, Monday

Editorial;
War Clouds Of AIDS Draw Near

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 702 words


AIDS, acquired immunodeficiency syndrome, has spread across the world in the
past 10 years since the first case was reported in the United States and is now
threatening all of us. The World Health Organization has designated Dec. 1 as
World AIDS Day to promote worldwide cooperation in the war against the fatal
disease.

According to WHO, 418,000 AIDS cases have been officially reported from 163
nations as of Oct. 1. But WHO estimates the actual number of sufferers is
several times more and that about 10 million people are AIDS carriers.

Currently more patients, those with the deadly symptoms, are being reported in
the United States and African nations, but the number of AIDS cases is expected
to increase dramatically in Asia. WHO predicts 30 million to 40 million people
will be infected with AIDS across the world by the end of the century.

The number of AIDS patients and carriers in Japan is small, compared with other
advanced nations. However, there is a sharp increase in the number of victims.

Latest Survey Report

Currently, the Health and Welfare Ministry conducts a survey on the number of
AIDS patients and carriers once every two months. The September-October survey
reported 56 new AIDS victims, including 10 patients--the largest increase ever
recorded. Thirty-two of those new AIDS patients and carriers are female,
including 26 women from Southeast Asia.

The total number of AIDS victims this year has reached 177, including 83
patients, double the increase rate of last year. According to Yuichi Shiokawa,
chairman of the ministry's AIDS Surveillance Committee, Japan is now on the
brink of the AIDS crisis--an explosive increase of AIDS victims or a successful
containment of the disease.

Most AIDS victims have been male homosexuals. In recent years, however, an
increasing number of AIDS victims are found to have been infected with the virus
through a heterosexual intercourse. Most Japanese AIDS victims are found to have
been stricken by the virus during a stay overseas. But, there is an increase in
the number of Japanese acquiring the virus at home.

The government should take all possible measures to fight this deadly disease.

Lurking Shadows

It is important to make sure that people are properly educated about AIDS.

A survey by the Management and Coordination Agency showed many Japanese falsely
believe people can contract AIDS when they share the same bathtub or toilet with
virus carriers (41 percent of those surveyed) or that they can get AIDS through
mosquito bites (62 percent).

AIDS can be contracted only through blood transmission and sexual intercourse
and, for newborns, from prenatal contact.

In the past, many people became infected with the fatal disease from imported
blood products, but now these products are carefully sterilized before use.
Using condoms and avoiding sharing hypodermic needles, razor blades and
toothbrushes are ways to prevent AIDS. Lurking In Shadows

It is also important to diagnose the virus at an early stage, since it takes an
average of 10 years before carriers develop AIDS symptoms. But during the
incubation period, carriers can transmit the disease. On the positive front, new
medications have been developed to delay the onset of AIDS.

The Health and Welfare Ministry says it plans to offer telephone consultation
services and reinforce communication networks among hospitals. To further
enforce these steps, the ministry should offer foreign language services.

In addition to developing preventative measures, effective treatment should be
established. The Health and Welfare and Education ministries and the Science and
Technology Agency are investing 1.1 billion yen annually, but substantially
effective medications have yet to be developed.

According to WHO, AIDS carriers number as many as 30,000 in Thailand.
Prostitution in poverty-stricken areas as well as the sharing of needles by
virus carriers are threatening to infect a new generation. The disease is said
to be spreading to other Asian nations, but some countries are poorly informed.
In this regard, Japan's technological support, in both prevention and treatment,
is eagerly awaited.

(From Dec. 1 Yomiuri Shimbun)

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1991 The Daily Yomiuri


                             595 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                              March 8, 1991 Friday
                                  Late Edition

ACTUARIES MARK THE DEATH OF AIDS

BYLINE: MICHAEL STUTCHBURY and SHERYLE BAGWELL

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1509 words


The most feared communicable disease of the 1980s, AIDS, is being contained in
Australia.

Although late notifications are still dribbling in, 1990 may go down as the
first year in which the number of new AIDS cases fell or at least plateaued in
Australia - from 568 in 1989 to a preliminary 525 last year, according to data
collected by the National Centre in HIV Epidemiology and Clinical Research.

Instead of continuing its exponential growth of the mid-1980s by spreading
widely through the heterosexual and intravenous-drug-user populations, the
acquired immune deficiency syndrome remains overwhelmingly a homosexual disease.

Homosexual and bisexual males still account for 90 per cent of the 2,381
diagnosed cases of AIDS to date. And, while the incidence of the disease in most
other categories continues to bubble around low levels, the homosexual community
has radically changed its sexual practices in response to the deadly threat.

New HIV infections among homosexual men may have fallen about 10-fold, according
to the leading specialist on Australian AIDS statistics, Associate Professor
John Kaldor, the deputy director of the HIV centre and the chairman of a Federal
Government working party aimed at projecting the incidence of the AIDS-causing
human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) over the next three years.

After the mid-1980s panic, which prompted insurance companies to require HIV
tests of people seeking life cover of more than $250,000, the insurance industry
has halved its forecasts of the AIDS toll over the next few years.

In 1988, the Institute of Actuaries of Australia estimated a central projection
of a cumulative 6,360 deaths due to AIDS by mid-1992.

Its most recent projection for mid-1992 has cut this to 3,400, a number which
the institute's AIDS sub-committee chairman, Mr David Kerr, thinks may still be
an over-estimate due to the plateau in the number of notifications of the
disease in Australia since mid-1988.

Because of the apparent sharp fall-off in new HIV infections, some medical,
scientific and insurance specialists can even see the incidence of AIDS
declining markedly over the next two decades.

"In the long term, it may become a relatively rare occurrence rather than a
thing that is constantly increasing and threatening," said the HIV centre's Dr
John Calder.

"It is unlikely that the epidemic of HIV would be self-sustaining on the basis
of heterosexual contact alone," said Dr Kaldor. Purely heterosexual to
heterosexual (transmission) will be a very rare event."

According to Mr Kerr, the Institute of Actuaries' latest longer term projections
- which are used by insurance companies for setting aside reserves for future
claims - may also be on the high side.

These projections - based on data up to the end of 1989 - suggest that the
number of new HIV infected people in Australia is likely to peak in the first
few years of the 1990s at an annual rate of around 5,100. From there, the number
is expected to decline rapidly through the 1990s and the first decade of the
21st century to just over 300 a year.

If correct, this sort of boom-bust in HIV infection would echo about 10 years
later into new AIDS cases and then into a peak in annual AIDS deaths early in
the 21st century.

By the year 2012, the Institute of Actuaries' medium or central projection
suggests that 56,000 Australians will have died of AIDS over a 30-year period

In the first five years after the first local diagnosis of AIDS in 1982,
estimates of the number of Australians infected with the HIV virus ballooned to
as high as 150,000. Now, only between 13,000 and 20,000 Australian are believed
to carry the virus.

Just three years ago, Australia had the fourth highest per capita incidence of
AIDS among developed countries. Australia is now eighth on the AIDS ladder, with
the United States remaining at the top.

In Australia, predictions that the exponential growth in the number of AIDS
cases in the early stages of the epidemic would continue unabated have proved
unfounded for the simple reason that they did not account for changed behaviour
in high-risk groups such as homosexuals and the apparent success of education
programmes.

Said Mr Kerr of the Institute of Actuaries: "We could see the tip of the iceberg
and tried to guess what was underneath the water. The more the iceberg comes out
of the water, the easier it is to estimate what is going to happen.

"We are still going to have a lot of AIDS cases coming through from people who
are already infected.

"The cost of treating these people will still be substantial over the next 10
years, but I would expect the number of new infections to decline. It should
have already started - it will fall as long as people maintain their current
attitudes."

Yet one of the reasons why this more optimist AIDS story has remained untold
until now is the fear - particularly among AIDS workers - that any lessening in
the pitch of community alarm will see the reduction in "unsafe"behaviour
reverse.

Dr George Rubin, the director of the Epidemiology branch of the NSW Health
Department attributed the containment of the infection down to the success of
government education programmes in persuading the primary target group
-homosexual and bisexual men - to adopt safe sex practices.

Most significantly, suggested Dr Rubin, the spread of the disease to intravenous
drug users has been far smaller due to quick introduction of liberal policy
strategies in 1986 such as needle-exchange programmes.

The HIV Centre's Dr John Kaldor added that Australia did not have the
marginalised ghetto living intravenous drug users that occured in larger US and
European cities.

According to the latest issue of Lancet, the respected international medical
journal, drug users account for just under 5 per cent of AIDS cases in
Australia. Reports have suggested that percentage to be as high as 30 per cent
in the US where governments have largely refrained from implementing
controversial needle exchange programmes.

Lancet also reported success in HIV prevention among Australian prostitutes,
most of whom now require their clients to wear condoms but who were often also
intravenous drug users.

However, the author of the Lancet report, Dr Alex Wodak of the drug and alcohol
centre at Sydney's St Vincent's Hospital, warned that AIDS was now spreading
rapidly in several South-East Asian nations where Australian drug users
travelled in search of cheaper and purer drugs.

"In my view, it is too early to talk of a turnaround," he said. "With the AIDS
epidemic, all news eventually turns out to be bad news."

The recent big success story has been the elimination of HIV contamination from
infected blood transfusions - particularly of haemophiliacs - due to the
clampdown on blood screening in 1985.

Perhaps the biggest surprise has been the low incidence of infection - less than
40 cases - from heterosexual contact. The HIV Centre's Dr John Kaldor noted that
alarmist reports of the risk of HIV infection through heterosexual contact had
been overstated for males.

"There are very few documented cases in Western countries where a man who only
does insertive intercourse gets transmitted HIV," he said.

However, AIDS groups are cautious about statements that Australia has
successfully begun to control the deadly disease.

The Australia Federation of AIDS Organisations - the peak body representing
community organisations such as homosexual and drug-user groups - argues that
the reduction in AIDS cases last year reflects merely a slowdown in the
progression of the disease from the HIV infection to full-blown AIDS.

The AFAO executive director, Ms Leanne Joyce, said access to AZT treatments for
example had delayed the onset of symptoms among many AIDS sufferers. "With AIDS,
the figures are often all over the place," she said. "We can expect an increase
of AIDS over the next few years."

AIDS workers too fear that complacency could lead to the huge government funding
of AIDS research, control and education over the past few years being curbed,
particularly during a recession.

In 1989, the Federal Government launched a $318.5 million three-year campaign to
fight AIDS. Funding for AIDS control alone had increased from $5.1 million in
1984-85 to $47.5 million in 1990-91.

Professor Peter McDonald, the vice chairman of the Australian National Council
of AIDS, the peak advisory body to the Federal Government, said while evidence
suggested Australia's AIDS strategy has begun to work, this was not the time to
curb funding.

"Even with signs of success, we have to continue to resource the fight," he
said. "If we don't, then cases will increase and that will cost the community
much more than we are outlaying now to prevent and control AIDS."

Indeed, AIDS workers on the ground report signs of complacency among the most
vigilant group in the fight against AIDS - homosexual men.

Mr Don Baxter, the director of the AIDS Council of NSW, points out that
homosexuals have been using condoms now for nine years. None expected they would
have to take precautions for so long. "Mistakes are beginning to be made," he
said.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: THE AIDS EPIDEMIC - Median annual projections, number of new HIV
infections, AIDS cases and AIDS deaths, 1984 - 2012

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1991 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             596 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 19, 1990, Tuesday, Final Edition

AFTER 10 YEARS...Where We're Headed

SECTION: HEALTH; PAGE Z6; AFTER 10 YEARS

LENGTH: 2923 words


One way or another, each of the eight people profiled below is an AIDS survivor
-- whether as a health care worker, researcher, activist or person living with
the disease. AIDS has irrevocably changed each of their lives.

Michael Callen and Stephen Pieters, who were diagnosed in the early days of the
epidemic, have beaten phenomenal odds; their longevity and relative good health
are badly needed sources of inspiration amid the escalating death toll. Although
many people with AIDS are living longer because of earlier detection and better
treatment, most die within two years of diagnosis.

Public health officials are studying long-term survivors, defined as those alive
three or more years after an AIDS diagnosis. Relatively little is known about
them, other than the fact that most are gay white men who have tried both
conventional and unconventional therapies and who combine a ferocious
determination to keep on living with a realistic outlook.

That is a trait they share with survivors of a different sort -- the doctors,
nurses and activists who continue to bring energy and emotional commitment to
their work, long after many of their colleagues have burned out.

As Donald S. Abrams, deputy director of the AIDS program at San Francisco
General Hospital, noted: "Every week, we write the names of the patients who
have died on a blackboard. Sometimes, it becomes overpowering and I ask, 'How
long can I do this?' " -- Sandra G. Boodman

Fran Herman has spent the last four years living or working out of the one-room
apartment in lower Manhattan that belonged to her son, trying to help other
families deal with the pain of losing a child to AIDS.

Herman's own son Bob, a 31-year-old lighting designer, died of AIDS in 1986; his
apartment has special meaning to Herman, a psychotherapist and
interdenominational minister, who nursed him through his last horrible illnesses
there.

The loneliness of that experience, Herman said, made it clear that there was a
glaring lack of services for families of AIDS patients and especially mothers,
who often end up caring for their dying children.

As a result, she founded AIDS Family Services of New York, a group composed
entirely of volunteers, many of whom have lost children to AIDS; it is still the
state's only organization devoted exclusively to helping families weather the
pain, the guilt and, above all, the stigma that makes AIDS different from all
other diseases.

AIDS Family Services gets referrals from hospitals, from social service agencies
and from AIDS organizations. About 85 mothers and 200 other relatives, as well
as AIDS patients who have family problems, have been through its programs, which
include bereavement support groups.

One mother, who had nursed her own son until he died, then cared for her son's
lover because his own family had rejected him. When he, too, died, on Mother's
Day, "her loss was as great as when her own son died," Herman said. "And that's
not unusual."

Having endured the pain of an AIDS death, Herman says, has given her credibility
with other mothers. "They tell me, 'I know you've been through it and you've
made it. I can hope that I will, too.' " -- Sandy Rovner

MAX ESSEX:

When AIDS was first discovered in 1981, Myron "Max" Essex was ready, even though
he didn't know it at the time. His years of work on leukemia in cats shed early
light on the cause and behavior of the AIDS virus in humans, and his efforts
have made him one of the most prominent AIDS researchers in the world.

A veterinarian turned biologist who was then chief of microbiology at the
Harvard School of Public Health, Essex believed that some human cancers might be
caused by transmissible viruses. He studied a cat cancer, caused by a retrovirus
ignored by many scientists. Essex showed that the virus was contagious, that it
could spread from cat to cat and that most were killed by infections that might
not have been fatal had the virus not crippled their immune systems.

Soon after AIDS surfaced in 1981, Essex demonstrated that AIDS patients produced
virus-fighting antibodies similar to those produced in infected cats. And AIDS,
too, killed with "opportunistic" infections that attacked weakened bodies.

Essex, who has conducted extensive field studies in Africa, says he is convinced
that the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) originated in African monkeys,
co-existing with them for perhaps thousands of years, so long that HIV no longer
harmed them. He has hypothesized that 40 to 50 years ago it spread to some
tribes, moving into African cities, then across oceans.

Now president of Harvard's new AIDS Institute, Essex, the scientist, said that
the months he spent studying AIDS and traveling in Africa have altered his world
view.

"I'm much more aware of social problems -- of the problems of minorities, of gay
men, of the homeless, of government inaction when people outside the mainstream
are affected," he said.  -- Victor Cohn

JAMES CURRAN:

Epidemiologists are medicine's bean counters. They discover from statistics and
field studies whether there is progress, stalemate or tragedy. During the decade
he has spent tracking AIDS, James Curran, the 45-year-old chief of the AIDS
program at the federal Centers for Disease Control, has encountered all three.


"The problem isn't over," Curran said recently. "I'm afraid we're moving into a
period of relaxation and a kind of complacency, when AIDS is going to get
bigger."

An unflappable, plain-spoken, boyish-looking physician who is also trained in
public health, Curran was chief of CDC's venereal disease prevention program
when he was summoned to New York City in June 1981 to investigate an outbreak of
a mysterious, then unnamed, disease that was killing gay men.

In the intervening years, he has emerged as one of the nation's most
influential, behind-the-scenes AIDS policymakers. He is an architect of the
federal government's response to AIDS, a "point man" for controversial policies
advocating more widespread testing and a familiar witness at congressional
hearings and countless medical meetings on AIDS.

The struggle over the proper approach to AIDS, he notes, "is not always
friendly. There's give and take, push and shove."

While much has changed since the early days, Curran's overall view of AIDS has
not. In 1982, he warned a group of doctors that AIDS "isn't going to go away.
It's likely we'll be working on this for much of our careers, if not most of our
lives . . . We are in for a long haul." -- Victor Cohn

LARRY KESSLER:

After nearly a decade on the front lines, Larry Kessler is tired.

"I'm tired of the political squabbles and the constant level of inattention"
from a government "willing to move AIDS to the back burner," said Kessler, 47,
executive director of the AIDS Action Committee of Massachusetts and a member of
the National Commission on AIDS.

A former Roman Catholic seminarian, Kessler was running a gift shop in Boston
when, in 1982, he read a profile of an AIDS patient. "He was upwardly mobile, in
his mid-thirties, well-educated, gay. I said if he is a symbol of what is
coming, then a lot of people are going to be in trouble," said Kessler.

The article galvanized Kessler, who has a long history of political activism as
an official of Boston's Paulist Center. One wintry night several months later in
1983, the AIDS Action Committee was born during a meeting attended by Kessler
and a few others held at a health center that serves Boston's gay community.

Since then, the committee has expanded dramatically: it currently has 75
employees, 1,700 volunteers and a $ 5.5 million annual budget.

Presiding over it all is Kessler, the longest-tenured executive director of any
of the nation's AIDS organizations. Many of his peers at other groups have died
or left because they were physically or emotionally exhausted.

"I thought I would just do it for two to three years and it would be over,"
Kessler recalled. For the first two years, he did not take a day off. "Then I
started to pace myself."

Kessler said that the evolution of his job has enabled him to stay so long. "I
think that one of the problems many directors have is letting go," said Kessler,
who once knew the name of every AIDS client served by his group.  "I had that,
too. But I realized that if I was going to stay in AIDS, I would have to keep
delegating and negotiating."

Sometimes, he said, his longevity surprises him. "It's been the most challenging
and rewarding job that I have ever had," said Kessler, who has no plans to
resign. "But it's also been the most frustrating and sad." -- Sally Squires

YOLANDA SERRANO:

She is called the "Avon Lady of AIDS prevention" because she delivers bottles of
bleach and condoms to Brooklyn's most dangerous crack houses and shooting
galleries. She runs AIDS prevention groups for teenage prostitutes, whom she
calls "my girls" and warmly greets homeless addicts by name, offering a sandwich
or a blanket and coaxing them to consider seeking drug treatment.

"We want to do anything that is going to curb the AIDS virus," said Yolanda
Serrano, 41, executive director of ADAPT, the Association for Drug Abuse
Prevention and Treatment, the community-based organization with which she has
worked since 1985. "If it takes giving out bleach or giving out clean needles or
whatever, it should be done."

In 1980, Serrano, a divorced mother of two young daughters, worked as a social
worker at a Brooklyn methadone clinic. "My patients were pretty healthy when I
started there, and then they just started dying," she recalled.

Serrano heard about the strange disease that was beginning to ravage the gay
community and thought it might be the same illness that was killing addicts.

In 1982, a friend's husband, who was an intravenous drug user, died of AIDS. The
fight suddenly "became kind of a personal thing," said Serrano, who became
president of ADAPT in 1985.

For three years, she juggled her full-time job at the methadone clinic, her
volunteer work at ADAPT and her children. In 1988 -- a year after the
organization got its first grant from the New York City Health Department -- she
quit the clinic to become ADAPT's full-time executive director.  She now heads
an organization, headquartered in a Brooklyn storefront, that has an annual
budget of $ 1.3 million and a staff of 38.

An indefatigable, charismatic woman who appears fearless, Serrano is determined
to make a difference, despite the enormity of the problem in New York City,
where an estimated 250,000 people are intravenous drug users and as many as half
are believed to be infected with HIV.

"About 60,000 [IV drug users] are women of childbearing age who will give birth
to babies," many of whom will probably be infected with AIDS, Serrano said. "We
have a critical situation." -- Sally Squires

STEPHEN PIETERS:

Stephen Pieters was diagnosed with AIDS in 1984, before actor Rock Hudson died
of the disease, before there was a blood test for the virus and before AZT or
any other AIDS drug was developed. He was 31 and, as he watched the members of
his support group die one by one, leaving him alone, he felt like a survivor of
the Holocaust.

Gradually, though, the Los Angeles minister says he stopped wondering, "Why me?"
and began to concentrate on staying alive.

A graduate of a Presbyterian seminary in Chicago, Pieters, now 37, is a minister
with the gay Metropolitan Community Church. He has toured more than 100 cities
and four countries.

He has survived a score of infections and two kinds of cancer -- Kaposi's
sarcoma and lymphoma -- as well as the highly toxic experimental drug suramin,
which was believed to hold great promise in the early days of AIDS.

"I believed I was going to get better," he said, "even though people told me I
was in denial, suffering from dementia."

Religion is the cornerstone of his life. "When you discover there are things you
can do to help yourself, you create hope," he said. "To me, that's one of the
great gifts we receive from our faith, that allows us to face things like AIDS,
like death, and still have hope."

In addition to his faith, Pieters has incorporated into his own life many of the
imaging concepts employed by some cancer therapists. He has drawn from books
written by Carl Simonton and Norman Cousins; he meditates every day, conjuring
up images of strong T cells, the type of white blood cells attacked by the human
immunodeficiency virus. He maintains a healthy diet, is a bodybuilder who works
out regularly and does not take AZT or aerosolized pentamidine, a drug effective
in preventing AIDS pneumonia.

"I don't really believe in them," he said. "I figure for my own situation I'm
doing fine, and I'd rather wait until my condition begins to deteriorate." --
Sandy Rovner

MICHAEL CALLEN:


Michael Callen is a pioneer. Now 35, the singer-songwriter-activist was
diagnosed with an AIDS infection in 1982, before AIDS even had a name. Since
then, he has managed to outlive dozens of his friends, has served as a symbol of
hope to thousands of AIDS patients and has helped found several major AIDS
organizations in New York City, where he lives.

He has even found time to write a book on long-term AIDS survivors, which will
be published in September.

Callen, who half-jokingly attributes his longevity to "luck, Classic Coke and
the love of a good man," says he plans to write music full time and is seriously
contemplating "retiring" from AIDS. "It's time to go," he says. "I'm pooped."

Callen acknowledges that he is fortunate to have lived long enough to see the
group he co-founded, Community Research Initiative, an organization of doctors
and AIDS patients devoted to testing unproven drugs, embraced by the medical
establishment he needled for years. His recommendation that AIDS patients
receive routine prophylactic treatment with aerosolized pentamidine was endorsed
by the Food and Drug Administration last year.

Living with AIDS for eight years has hardly been easy. A rail-thin man with an
ironic sensibility, Callen has endured a relentless barrage of AIDS-related
infections including cryptosporidium, which causes chronic diarrhea; Kaposi's
sarcoma, a disfiguring skin cancer that affects AIDS patients, shingles, thrush
and herpes.

He remains a passionate advocate of the gospel of "self-empowerment," a
philosophy common among other long-term survivors. And he continues to regard
AIDS with gritty determination and talks about "wrestling this beast to the
ground."

From the outset, tenacity has been Callen's hallmark. "We condemn attempts to
label us as 'victims,' which implies defeat, and we are only occasionally
'patients,' which implies passivity, helplessness and dependence upon the care
of others. We are people with AIDS," he wrote in 1983. Those feelings, he said
recently, haven't changed. "I'm trying to cram five lifetimes into the time I
have left." -- Sandy Rovner

BARBARA BAIRD:


Barbara Baird, a registered nurse at the National Institutes of Health, vividly
remembers the three times she stuck herself with needles that had been used on
AIDS patients.

The first time, in 1982, was the worst. Baird nicked her hand with a freshly
discarded syringe used on a patient who was also suffering from meningitis and
hepatitis.

She managed to maintain her composure as she walked out of his room, her eyes
brimming with tears. In the hall, she encountered a doctor and blurted out what
had happened. Looking stricken, he said, "Oh, my God," then helped her clean the
puncture. Baird was lucky; she did not contract HIV, only a mild, asymptomatic
case of hepatitis.

The second and third needlesticks occurred in 1983; both were more minor and
worried Baird far less. By the last time, she said half jokingly, "I had become
rather jaded."


Baird, 52, has not become jaded about her work. She has been caring for AIDS
patients since 1981, the year AIDS was first identified. Although she has known
and taken care of scores of people with AIDS since then, Baird has managed to
avoid the burnout that has affected many nurses who find the demands of caring
for the constant succession of AIDS patients emotionally draining.

Many things have changed since the early days of AIDS, Baird observes. Her three
grown sons no longer worry that she'll get AIDS, as they did in the early days
of the epidemic. And she rarely finds herself ostracized because of her job, as
was once the case.

The health and life expectancy of her patients has improved. In the early 1980s,
most went blind from the disease or deaf from treatment. "Back then, the
mortality rate was 40 percent for patients who [entered] the emergency room with
a case of pneumocystis pneumonia," she said. "Today, we have a 90 percent
survival rate [for the first bout of pneumocystis pneumonia].

She has witnessed an enormous amount of suffering. "Because the disease is so
awful, when death comes it is almost a relief," Baird said. Still, each patient
has taught her something. "I see a lot of courage," she added. "They teach me a
lot about myself and about life."

The people with whom she works are the reason she has stayed so long, although
her job has changed. She no longer works on an inpatient ward, but as a study
coordinator. "We've just finished a study on a drug that is very effective
against cytomegalovirus retinitis," which causes blindness, she said. "We see
the progress that we have made.  When I think [about] where we came from, it has
just been an incredible journey." -- Sally Squires


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, YOLANDA SERRANO. JEAN STRONGIN; PHOTO, LUCIAN PERKINS; PHOTO,
THERESE FRARE; PHOTO, JOHN MCCOY; PHOTO, JOEL SOKOLOW

TYPE: FEATURE

                       Copyright 1990 The Washington Post


                             597 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                June 3, 1989, Saturday, SATURDAY SECOND EDITION

Spotlight on Canada at world AIDS forum

BYLINE: By Kelly Toughill Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1164 words


   When Brian Mulroney opens the world's largest AIDS conference in Montreal
tomorrow, it will be the first time the Prime Minister has ever discussed the
epidemic in public.

The Prime Minister isn't expected to say much, but the fact he is saying
anything at all marks a dramatic shift in the federal government's response to
the disease that has claimed more than 1,700 Canadian lives.

Canada has the second-highest rate of AIDS in the developed world, with more
than one in every 10,000 citizens diagnosed with the disease. Yet Canada, until
recently, had one of the least aggressive campaigns to fight it, with a low
public profile and a low priority on the political agenda.

Canada's efforts to fight the epidemic will come under the international
spotlight this week when Montreal hosts the world's largest AIDS conference.

Attitude changing

Almost 10,000 scientists, community workers and journalists from around the
world will spend the next six days swapping information about everything from
the basic biology of the disease to how the epidemic is affecting national
economies.

"There has been a huge change in the attitude of the federal government over the
last six months," said Jeff Braff, president of the Canadian AIDS Society, an
umbrella group for AIDS organizations around the country.

"They have made major steps, though there is still a long way to go."

It was just over a year ago that AIDS activists marched through the streets of
Toronto and burned an effigy of then-health minister Jake Epp to protest the way
promising AIDS drugs were tested and licensed in Canada.

Today those same AIDS activists are likely to be found sitting down with Perrin
Beatty, the new health minister, in Ottawa planning the country's upcoming AIDS
strategy.

The specific policies they were protesting that day have been changed. Most
trials of AIDS drugs in Canada no longer include a group of patients who are
given a placebo and health authorities routinely release experimental drugs to
people with AIDS, provided their doctor agrees and the manufacturer is willing
to sell.

"The change has taken place because now we have a health minister who takes a
personal interest in AIDS," Braff said. "In our system of government, what a
minister thinks is very important."

Beatty said Mulroney told him AIDS should be his first priority as health
minister when he offered Beatty the portfolio six months ago.

But Beatty was motivated by personal experience, not just political direction;
he already knew two people who had died of the disease.

"When you know somebody who contracted the disease, it makes you realize we are
talking about people here and not about statistics," Beatty said.

"In the case of one chap, my family had been in his house and he had been in
ours. He was a fine person and we all felt a tremendous sense of loss when he
died.

"These are human beings we are talking about. If we are ever to defeat the
disease and if we are to develop a sense of urgency about it, we have to see
this in terms of people, in terms of the human loss that is involved, not in
terms of statistics."

More than 2,700 Canadians have been diagnosed with AIDS and up to 50,000 are
believed to be infected with the virus that causes the disease. Everyone who has
the virus is expected to develop the fatal syndrome unless a cure is found.

AIDS is caused by a virus that gradually destroys the immune system, leaving
people vulnerable to other, often fatal, infections. The virus is found in blood
and semen and is most often spread through sexual intercourse, the sharing of
needles by drug users and from a pregnant mother to her child.

The World Health Organization estimates that more than 350,000 people around the
world have developed AIDS and that up to 10 million are infected with the AIDS
virus.

Activists have demanded more AIDS research in Canada, more trials of
experimental drugs on Canadian patients, a national education campaign and tough
anti-discrimination measures. Most of all, they want Canada to develop a
specific strategy to fight the epidemic.

National strategy

"We seem to win individual battles, but never the broader principles," said Art
Wood, chairman of the AIDS Committee of Toronto. "We won the ability to get
experimental drugs according to individual need, but why is it that access to
experimental drugs isn't recognized as a universal right?"

A national AIDS strategy is the one thing the activists are likely to get.
Beatty has promised to draft a national plan this summer. He has also promised
to speed up federal response to the epidemic.

"Too many people have already died of this disease and too many people are going
to die from it," he said. "We have to keep on reminding ourselves, both within
government and in the private sector as well, that people can die simply as a
result of delay or as a result of our not giving the disease the priority it
deserves."

Activists give Beatty high marks for effort in his short tenure, saying they are
pleased he has met with them and has assigned a special assistant to deal with
AIDS issues. But they are withholding final judgment, waiting to see if they are
as pleased by his actions as they have been by his attitudes.

Meanwhile, the Quebec health ministry yesterday announced the government will
spend $21 million over the next three years to fight AIDS. So far, Quebec has
spent $13.4 million on AIDS programs.

Some of the money, along with funding from the federal government, will finance
a pilot project to supply intravenous drug users with clean needles and
information on the disease.

Some activist groups are angry Mulroney has chosen the international conference
on AIDS to talk about the epidemic for the first time.

"It's a disgraceful presumption on his part that he is building on a record of
support for AIDS," Wood said.

"The United States, Britain and France articulated a vision to fight AIDS five
years ago, but in Canada, we're just beginning. Our response has been slow to
non-moving in many areas."

Protest planned

"It smacks of hypocrisy," said Tim McCaskell, of AIDS Action Now, a group that
organized the Toronto demonstration last summer and plans to picket the hall in
Montreal while Mulroney is speaking.

However others, including Braff, disagree.

"As long as people act, I don't care what motivates them to do it," Braff said.
"If it takes the fifth international AIDS conference to get Mulroney to talk
about AIDS, then I'm glad the conference is here."

Beatty defends Mulroney's upcoming speech.

"The Prime Minister's presence will lend force to the war against AIDS and help
to develop public understanding in Canada that we all have to work together.

"The fact that he chose to accept the invitation to open the conference should
be seen by all of us who are concerned about AIDS as an important signal from
the Prime Minister about the priority he gives this disease."

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1989 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             598 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Wells Fargo Spells Out How to Treat Afflicted

                            October 23, 1987, Friday


The following directive outlines Wells Fargo's policy and procedures for
handling employees who have been medically diagnosed or are suspected of being
infected with the AIDS virus. Wells Fargo developed the policy in 1983 and
continues to update it through consultation with recognized medical experts from
the San Francisco Department of Public Health, the Department of Health and
Human Services' Center for Disease Control in Atlanta.

Purpose

The purpose of the AIDS policy is to reassure employees that AIDS is not spread
through casual contact during normal work practices and to reduce unrealistic
fears about contracting an AIDS virus-related condition. This policy also
protects the legal rights of employees to work who are diagnosed with an AIDS
virus-related condition and provides guidelines to manage employees or
situations where infection with the AIDS virus is suspected. Wells Fargo's
policy encourages supervisors to convey sensitivity and understanding to
employees affected with a condition of the AIDS virus.

General Policy

Wells Fargo is committed to maintaining a healthy work environment by protecting
the physical and emotional health and well-being of all employees in the
workplace. The bank also has a continuing commitment to provide employment for
physically handicapped people who are able to work. This AIDS policy is a direct
outgrowth of those commitments. It provides guidelines to manage employees or
situations when a question of an AIDS virus-related condition arises. There are
three major points:

* Wells Fargo employees who are diagnosed with an AIDS virus-related condition
may continue to work if they are deemed medically able to work and can meet
acceptable performance standards. The bank will provide reasonable accommodation
if necessary to enable these employees to continue working.

* Wells Fargo provides AIDS education for all employees to help them understand
how the AIDS virus is spread and to reduce unrealistic fears of contracting an
AIDS virus-related condition.

* The term "AIDS virus-related conditions" refers to the following four
medically diagnosed conditions: the presence of the AIDS antibody without
symptoms of AIDS, the presence of an AIDS-related condition (ARC), AIDS, and
central nervous system infection.

SECTION: BACKPAGE; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 384 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1987 American Banker, Inc.


                             599 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 31, 1987, Sunday, Final Edition

AIDS Seen as Threat To Africa's Future;
AIDS Hits African Urban Elites, Is Broad Threat to Development

BYLINE: Blaine Harden, Washington Post Foreign Service

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A1

LENGTH: 2539 words

DATELINE: NAIROBI, Kenya, May 30, 1987


AIDS in central and eastern Africa, which has infected up to a quarter of the
population of some capital cities, is now seen by some African governments and
western aid donors as an unprecedented economic and developmental catastrophe.

The fatal disease is viewed as a particularly severe threat to Africa, the
world's poorest continent, because it appears to have spread among its limited
pool of professional and technical elite.

Health authorities in Africa and observers elsewhere say the AIDS epidemic
could, in a sense, decapitate some African countries. The growing epidemic,
these authorities agree, aggravates an already severe shortage of skilled people
and raises the prospect of economic, political and social disorder.

AIDS has hit Africa harder than any other region, according to the World Health
Organization (WHO). Last year, between 1 and 18 percent of healthy blood donors
and pregnant women in urban areas of the worst-hit countries were infected with
the AIDS virus, according to published reports. Studies this year show that AIDS
is continuing to spread in some cities at what researchers describe as an
alarming rate.

Tests of 1,000 pregnant women at a maternity hospital in the Ugandan capital in
1986 found that 13 percent were infected with the AIDS virus. This February,
tests of 170 pregnant women at the same Kampala hospital found that the
percentage of those infected had nearly doubled to 24 percent. In Kigali, the
capital of Rwanda, recent tests suggest a comparable level of infection.

"In terms of deaths, the AIDS epidemic in Africa will soon be as serious as the
African famine of a couple of years ago," said Jon Tinker, director of the Panos
Institute, a London-based organization that analyzes Third World AIDS data.

"But the famine was a relatively short-term problem. AIDS will continue year
after year. Nothing we do -- screening of blood, education, distribution of
condoms -- will have any effect on the severity of the epidemic for the next
five years. The people who are going to die have already been determined,"
Tinker said.

This grim assessment is shared by a growing number of western countries that
provide economic assistance to Africa. The AIDS emergency in the developing
world will be a central topic in Washington this week as up to 6,000 researchers
are expected to convene at the Washington Hilton for the Third International
Conference on AIDS. African scientists will deliver papers on the widening
epidemic.

According to State Department officials in Washington, the U.S. government in
recent months has come to view AIDS as the most important emergency facing
Africa.

"The disease is already present among the educated elite in a number of
countries, and loss of these human resources could severely damage prospects for
economic stability and progress," said M. Peter McPherson, the former
administrator of the U.S. Agency for International Development, in an April
policy statement.

Uganda's health minister, Dr. Ruhakana Rugunda, reinforced that message last
week in a speech in Kampala. "AIDS is a disease hitting mainly at the productive
age group. In our experience, the disease has not spared either the ordinary
worker or the executive and professional sectors," Rugunda said.  His country
has led Africa in openness about the spread of AIDS, or acquired immune
deficiency syndrome, which cripples the body's immune system and leaves it
vulnerable to fatal infections.

Uganda is not an isolated case. Research in Africa's so-called AIDS Belt --
including Uganda, Central African Republic, Zaire, Rwanda, Burundi, Tanzania and
Zambia -- has found a repeated pattern of infection among educated elites.

In Zambia, for example, tests of blood donors in towns of the northern
copper-mining region found that 13 percent were infected with the virus. Of that
group, according to Zambian health officials, 68 percent were skilled
professionals.

"In a country that is just beginning to develop, how many young movers and
shakers can you lose before the net effect becomes a dampening of social
progress?" asks Jonathan Mann, director of WHO's special program on AIDS. "In
Africa, AIDS could have widespread economic, social and political consequences.
What exactly they will be, it is too early to say."

Statistics about the spread of AIDS in Africa are sketchy and unreliable. While
more than 4 out of 5 Africans live in rural areas, most AIDS statistics are
based on studies of people living in cities. Recent tests of Africans in
isolated rural areas -- such as last year in a remote Zairian village, where 1
percent tested positive for the virus -- have found infection levels to be
sharply lower than in cities.

Authoritative statistics have become harder, not easier, to obtain in the past
year as some African governments press AIDS researchers not to release their
findings.

As of this month, 4,370 clinically confirmed cases have been reported by African
governments to WHO. Researchers and African health officials, however, say that
figure is a gross underestimate of the spread of the disease.

WHO estimates that at least 50,000 Africans have symptoms of AIDS and that 2
million or more are infected with the virus. (There were 30,839 cases of AIDS
reported in United States at the end of February.) Many virologists believe that
about half of those now infected will die within five years and that nearly all
will be dead within 10 years.

"There is no doubt that at this point one is talking of many millions of deaths
in Africa. . . . The indications in the heavily affected countries [are] that
you are seeing a doubling of infection every 12 months," said Tinker. "If you
take the most pessimistic assumptions -- that the disease will continue to
infect more people and that it will move into rural areas, which are quite
likely -- then you come up with a frighteningly high figure."

Dire scenarios for AIDS in Africa are regarded as unfounded and
counterproductive by WHO's Jonathan Mann.

"The problem is so serious that overstating it doesn't help," said Mann. "Saying
that AIDS is doubling in Africa every year means that in three years everybody
in Uganda is going to be infected. We don't believe that is true. Recent studies
show that AIDS levels in parts of rural Uganda are very low. If you think
everybody is going to be infected, you can easily say it is hopeless. Why even
bother?"

Mann said that immediate international support for education, blood screening
and strengthening the health systems in African countries -- where per capita
spending on health averages about $ 1.75 a year -- can check the spread of the
disease.

"This is not a campaign that will be won or lost in a year or two. It will take
a sustained effort," Mann said. "It will have to be built into the health
systems of these countries."

The cost of a sustained effort, Mann said, will double every year as African
countries develop the capacity to use more donated funds effectively. He said
that $ 220 million could be used this year in Africa, with about $ 20 millon
going to WHO itself to develop and coordinate programs and the rest going to
African countries themselves.

Only one African country, Uganda, has thus far developed a long-term plan to
fight the disease. At a meeting of aid donors last week in Kampala, more than $
6 million was pledged to support that plan.

West European governments and the United States have recently increased the
amount of money they are prepared to spend on AIDS in Africa. Sweden has taken
the lead, with about $ 17 million available this year for AIDS prevention in
Africa. The U.S. government, which this year contributed $ 2 million to WHO's
AIDS program, made another $ 3 million available in March for Africa. Another $
50 million will be spent in the next five years on an AIDS research project
aimed primarily at Africa.

Unlike much of the world, where AIDS has been spread primarily through
homosexual contact, intravenous drug use and blood transfusion, the disease in
Africa is spread primarily through heterosexual contact. Since the epidemic
started in Africa in the late 1970s and early 1980s, men and women have
contracted the disease in equal numbers.

Controlled case studies in Africa show that AIDS patients have had more sexual
partners, an average of 32, than Africans who do not have the disease, who
average three partners.

International publicity focusing on sexual promiscuity as a prime reason for the
rapid spread of AIDS in Africa has infuriated many Africans and their
governments. That anger has turned the disease into a highly charged political
issue. Senior State Department officials say this sensitivity has forced the
U.S. government not to consider bilateral AIDS prevention programs in Africa.

In Kenya, where the economy depends heavily on foreign tourism, foreign press
reports about AIDS infection levels have led to stringent controls on the
release of AIDS research data. A Cabinet-level committee now decides what to
make public. If American and Canadian researchers here bypass official channels,
they risk cancellation of their research projects and expulsion.

Echoing the resentment of leaders across Africa, Ugandan Health Minister Rugunda
said last week that "the AIDS problem has unmasked thinly veiled racism and
fascism in some quarters where Africans are labeled the breeders of a scourge.

"It is true that AIDS is mainly a sexually transmitted disease in our
experience, [but] it is erroneous -- as has been intimated in some quarters --
that African society is more sexually permissive than other societies," Rugunda
said.

Medical anthropologists specializing in Africa say no research evidence exists
showing that Africans are more promiscuous than Americans or Europeans. Nor is
there any reason to believe, according to Murray Last, a medical anthropologist
at University College London, that Africans are incapable of changing their
behavior to cope with the epidemic.

"It's our own dark glasses that make Africa the dark continent. Take these
glasses off and you will see ordinary people working out from their own
experience various ways of living with AIDS," said Last, who has studied how
Africans responded to a number of calamitous epidemics in this century.

"Africans have a long history of understanding the nature of infectious disease
and developing ways to live with them," said Last.

Across Africa, there is evidence that people are getting the message about AIDS
and that behavior may be beginning to change.

According to U.S. officials in Kenya, demand for condoms has jumped from 10,000
a month last year at this time to 300,000 a month now. The unprecedented
explosion in demand, in a country where men for years have refused to use
condoms, coincided with circulation in Kenya of a Red Cross poster warning about
AIDS. A similar run on condoms occurred early this year in Uganda, where 500,000
U.S.-supplied condoms disappeared weeks after arriving in the country.

The Panos Institute reports that the price of condoms has gone up sharply in
several African cities, reflecting increased demand. In Rwanda, the government
last year began Africa's first national AIDS education program. After it began,
70 percent of Rwandans said in a survey that they were "very afraid of AIDS."

In the West African country of Senegal, the government recently has begun a
blood-screening program for prostitutes. If they are AIDS-free, the government
issues them a green card that allows them to ply their trade.

"There have been remarkable changes in Africa. A year ago, it was quite
difficult to have an open public discussion about AIDS at the political level,"
said Mann. "At this point, there is no African country that doesn't want to
start strengthening their AIDS program. It is very clear, too, that Africans are
talking a lot about being [sexually] cautious. . . . Whether that translates
into behavior, we don't know yet."

Despite the progress, however, there are demographic and medical factors unique
to Africa that researchers say make AIDS particularly difficult to control.
Forty percent of the continent's population is in its sexually active years, a
higher percentage than anywhere in the world.

"The proportion of children in Africa moving from prepuberty into the years of
sexual activity is much higher in Africa than anywhere," said Tinker. "They
represent the most likely group for the spread of AIDS, and they should be the
focus of education campaigns."

Researchers agree that Africa's high rate of untreated venereal disease appears
to be another important factor in the spread of AIDS. The prevalence of
gonorrhea, for example, is 10 percent in Kampala and 7 percent in Nairobi. (In
London, the figure is 0.3 percent; in Atlanta, 2.5 percent.) Researchers
speculate that open sores resulting from venereal infections may facilitate
transmission of the AIDS virus between sex partners.

Another trigger for the spread of AIDS in Africa is the continent's fertility
rate, the world's highest. African women give birth to an average of 6.7
children each, according to the World Bank. Researchers have found that by
carrying a baby to term, an AIDS-infected woman greatly increases her risk of
developing AIDS symptoms. She also has a 50 percent chance of passing the
disease to her baby.

"In Kinshasa, infants and the most sexually active age group are jointly the
most infected with [AIDS]. And in Rwanda, roughly 20 percent of AIDS victims are
now children," according to a recent report by the Panos Institute.

Zambian doctors said in a seminar last year that they fear there will be as many
as 6,000 infants with AIDS in that country by the end of this year. This
compares with fewer than 400 in the United States.

More than the high percentage of infection or the growing number of babies with
AIDS, what alarms many health officials and researchers about the African
epidemic is that it appears to target a group that this developing continent
cannot afford to lose -- skilled young adults. "The death of a 30-year-old
teacher or banker in whom society has made a considerable investment is a
greater burden on development than the death of a baby," said Mann.

In several African countries, according to Mann, senior government officials and
business leaders have died of AIDS. Worldwide fear of AIDS could adversely
affect the opportunities of Africans to obtain much-needed university and
technical training abroad. African students have protested AIDS screening in
Belgium and India.

Multinational companies with large investments in Africa have begun to consider
moving their operations, according to Tinker, who recently has been approached
for information about AIDS by several companies with African holdings.

"In Africa, companies have traditionally assumed the cost of most medical
benefits," said Tinker. "If they start making calculations about the costs of
operating in countries with a major AIDS epidemic, it seems inescapable that
some multinationals will switch their investment from Africa to another region
without AIDS."

The World Bank reported last year that Africa already has the lowest rate of
private foreign investment of any region in the world.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MAP, DAVE COOK

TYPE: FOREIGN NEWS

                       Copyright 1987 The Washington Post


                             600 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                              July 4, 2005 Monday
                                 First Edition

After global good intentions, IMF reveals cold facts

BYLINE: TIM COLEBATCH, ECONOMICS EDITOR, CANBERRA

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 534 words


TWO International Monetary Fund researchers have turned intellectual firehoses
on crowds at the Live 8 concerts, publishing research concluding that, in most
cases, aid does nothing to boost economic growth.

In two research papers the fund's research director, Raghuram Rajan, and
research economist Arvin Subramanian say comparisons of growth rates throughout
the developing world show no solid evidence that aid flows lift growth.

While carefully hedging their findings - which they present as their own views,
not those of the IMF - they sum up: "We find little evidence of a robust
positive impact of aid on growth."

They continue: "All that one can conclude is that it is difficult to discern
robust effects of aid in the data, either positive or negative.

"We find virtually no evidence that aid works better in better policy or
institutional or geographical environments, or that certain kinds of aid work
better than others."

The findings cut sharply across the global consensus that more aid is essential
to "make poverty history".

The leaders of the G8 countries pledged to significantly increase aid to Africa
in the lead-up to the weekend's concerts and this week's G8 summit in
Gleneagles, Scotland.

But the German Government's chief adviser on African aid, Uschi Eid, warned that
African countries might misuse a doubling of aid flows and that the West should
look at other forms of support, such as skilled experts.

Others have urged Western governments to follow the example of Microsoft chief
Bill Gates and put their money into medical research directed to diseases such
as malaria and AIDS.

Launching the two papers, senior IMF adviser Mark Plant said the IMF itself
wanted to see the developed world "substantially increase the level and
effectiveness of aid".

"More aid is needed, I think no one disputes that," he said. "We know that some
aid has been misused in the past, but much aid has been effective."

The two economists argue, however, that aid flows damage trade-exposed sectors
of the economy by lifting the country's exchange rate. This makes imports
cheaper and exports more expensive, reducing the growth that would have occurred
without aid.

They also argue that by providing an alternative source of funds, aid reduces
pressure on governments to collect revenue, build up their own sources of
economic growth, and engage their people in economic development.

They conclude, however, that these are "side effects" that may be outweighed by
the positive effects of aid in boosting a country's economic capacity.

"The good news is that by paying careful attention to macro-economic management
and issues like absorptive capacity, perhaps aid may have a better chance of
success," they say.

"We have to be careful, however, given the past chequered history of aid, that
we do not place more hopes on aid as an instrument of development than it is
capable of delivering."

Their papers are also full of caveats. They concede that their approach has
serious limitations and the real forces at work could be drowned out by
"background noise" in their data. They emphasise that they found no evidence
that aid reduces growth.

They say their findings should not be used to deter humanitarian aid.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             601 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 26, 1998, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Decline Is Seen In Legal Help For City's Poor

BYLINE: By DAVID ROHDE

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1085 words


Two years after the Giuliani administration instituted changes it said would
improve legal services for the poor and save taxpayers money, a court-appointed
panel has concluded that the quality of legal help for indigent defendants in
Manhattan is actually getting worse.

The report said two factors have combined to overwhelm the system: a record
number of people arraigned in Manhattan courts under the city's crackdown on
quality-of-life crimes and a decrease in the Legal Aid Society's budget.

The study said services provided in Manhattan by Legal Aid, the nonprofit group
that handles roughly 65 percent of indigent defendants in the borough, failed to
meet minimum standards for good representation, and it urged changes in the
system.

The report found that Legal Aid lawyers in Manhattan were overworked, handling
an average of 650 cases each in the 1997 fiscal year. Legal Aid lawyers
frequently did not show up in court, the report said, and indigent clients
sometimes spent all day waiting in a courtroom -- or jail cell -- only to have a
substitute Legal Aid lawyer arrive and postpone, or mishandle, the hearing.

In the wake of a 1994 strike by Legal Aid lawyers, the Giuliani administration
set out to break what it called Legal Aid's monopoly and invited other nonprofit
groups to bid for contracts to represent the city's poor as court-appointed
lawyers.

Over the last two years, city officials have taken funds away from Legal Aid and
awarded them to a half-dozen new groups that won contracts to represent about 30
percent of the indigent clients across the city. The new groups each agreed to
represent a set number of clients, while Legal Aid agreed to handle the rest.

But with a record number of court cases flowing into the system, Legal Aid has
ended up handling the same number of cases it did in 1994 with a budget that is
30 percent smaller. Working conditions and morale are so poor at Legal Aid, the
report said, that many of its best lawyers are moving to the new nonprofit
groups.

The authors of the report, an eight-member committee appointed by the First
Department of the Appellate Division of State Supreme Court, emphasized that the
problems they found involved defendants facing misdemeanor charges and that
clients facing more serious felony charges were being well represented by Legal
Aid lawyers. They also said that in the Bronx, the other borough studied, Legal
Aid was providing adequate services for all of its clients.

Michele Maxian, director of Legal Aid's criminal defense division, said that the
society was still providing quality legal services for the poor but that the new
system would not work without more financing. "An infinite number of cases for a
finite amount of money is not working for us," she said. "We and the city need
to look at how we do our contract."

But Steven M. Fishner, Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani's Criminal Justice Coordinator,
said the new system was working. The problem, he said, is a lack of efficiency
and a need for better management at Legal Aid. "We think the system is
functioning very well," he said. "Competition is a good thing. It will make the
Legal Aid Society into a better organization."

City and court officials noted that the report was advisory and said the city
faced little threat in the short term of being forced to modify its new system.
The most likely source of a confrontation, they said, would be a class action
suit in Federal court by Legal Aid clients contending that the system
effectively deprives them of their right to a court-appointed lawyer, but no
such suit has yet been filed.

Along with its contract with Legal Aid, the city pays New York Defender Services
to handle 12,500 cases a year; the Bronx Defenders, to handle 10,000 cases; the
Center for Appellate Litigation, to handle 200 appeals; Brooklyn Defender
Services, for 10,000 cases; Queens Law Associates, also for 10,000 cases, and
Appellate Advocates, for 200 appeals.

Pat Bath, a spokeswoman for the Legal Aid Society, said the group signed a new
contract this summer that commits it to handling all clients not covered by
other nonprofit organizations across the city until 2000. But each year the
group renegotiates its budget, which has shrunk from $79.3 million in fiscal
1994 to $52 million in fiscal 1999.

Defense lawyers, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said Legal Aid
officials were divided over whether the society should limit the number of
clients it takes on in order to improve service. If it set a limit, the society
would be relinquishing its role as the city's primary provider of
court-appointed lawyers, they said.

Defense lawyers have long asserted that the new system was an attempt by Mr.
Giuliani, a former prosecutor, to eliminate Legal Aid and weaken the political
power of court-appointed lawyers by dividing them among several nonprofit
groups.

But Mr. Fishner, the Criminal Justice Coordinator, said the administration's
goal was to strengthen both the system and Legal Aid. He said competitive
bidding was already making Legal Aid a more dynamic organization and praised the
group for management changes it has already made. But he said the group needed
to do more.

Mr. Fishner said Legal Aid spends more per case than other nonprofit groups, a
claim that Ms. Maxian of Legal Aid disputed.

Klaus Eppler, the lawyer who headed the court-appointed committee, declined to
comment on the bulk of the report but said a permanent staff should be set up to
monitor the new system. "It's important that we keep our eye on the ultimate
goal," he said, "which is that every defendant not just have some minimal
representation, but quality, professional representation."

The report, which was dated Aug. 12 and described in The New York Law Journal on
Monday, recommends that Legal Aid be given more funding or be allowed to limit
the number of cases it handles.

"There is no question that L.A.S. is handling too many cases with too little
staff and too little support," the report said, referring to Legal Aid. "The
courts are unhappy and clients are not receiving the services they deserve."

It praised Legal Aid for some management changes it was making but said the
problem would only be solved through major reforms. And it said it was
"imperative" that the city either allow Legal Aid to limit the number of cases
it receives, or create a formula for financing based on the number of cases
handled.

Mr. Fishner said he would not comment on any future negotiations.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphs: "Keeping Track: Lagging Legal Aid"
The nonprofit organization that provides most of the lawers for the indigent has
had budget and staffing decreases since its attorneys briefly went on strike in
1994. Their caseload, however, has remained roughly the same. Graphs show the
budget, number of attorneys and number of cases for the Legal Aid Society, from
1993 through 1999. (Source: Legal Aid Society)(pg. B4)


                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                             602 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                    December 2, 1994, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Improved co-ordination needed in global fight against AIDS, PM says

BYLINE: JULIET O'NEILL; SOUTHAM NEWS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A8

DATELINE: PARIS


PRIORITY STATUS: Canada may increase spending to combat AIDS in Africa and Asia,
where most victims live, Jean Chretien told an international conference.

PARIS -- Prime Minister Jean Chretien has joined other world leaders calling for
a better co-ordinated effort against the "horrible, terrible" toll of AIDS.

In a speech at a 42-country conference Thursday on Acquired Immune Deficiency
Syndrome, Chretien said Canada may increase spending to combat AIDS in Africa
and Asia -- where most of the millions of victims live.

And he spoke out against the way AIDS victims -- 2,000 a year in Canada -- are
"often shunned by society" when they need social and economic support to manage
the disease with dignity and respect.

Since the mid-1980s, Canada has spent about $ 100 million on AIDS programs in
developing countries and will spend $ 203.5 million by 1998 on community-based
AIDS health care programs in Canada.

"Canada has done more than its share in the international effort to defeat AIDS,
" Chretien said. "And we will continue to do so."

Canada is the fourth largest contributor after the United States, Sweden and
Britain to the AIDS program of the World Health Organization, which predicts
that 30 million to 40 million people will be infected with HIV, the virus that
causes AIDS, by the year 2000.

Canada was one of only 12 countries at the conference whose delegations were led
by a head of government -- a signal of the priority Canada puts on defeating the
AIDS epidemic, Chretien said.

And he urged that the summit serve as "a catalyst to -- not a substitute for --
action."

French Prime Minister Edouard Balladur said a conference declaration pledging
better co-ordination of world AIDS research, prevention and care efforts, will
be submitted to all United Nations countries.

"One day a cure will be found following a combination of luck and good research
or a combination of systematic research efforts," Balladur said.

Meantime, prevention is paramount -- through responsible sex and clean blood
supplies -- and it is up to wealthy countries to help developing countries cope
with the condition.

UN Secretary General Boutros-Boutros Ghali called for an end to the
"fragmentation" of international efforts to prevent and find a cure for AIDS and
care for its victims.

The world community must "say No to AIDS as we say No to war and No to
underdevelopment."

Richard Burzynski of the Ottawa-based International Council of Aids Services
Organizations appealed for an end to restrictions on AIDS victims, such as
barriers to entering some countries.

He also won applause for calling for the abolition of laws criminalizing
homosexuality, prostitution and drug use -- three main ways AIDS is spread.

The summit, Burzynski said, has "inched us forward" in the struggle against AIDS
and concrete follow-up action was necessary.

Burzynski later singled out as a victory the summit declaration's first
initiative -- to support the strengthening of networks and community programs
for AIDS victims.

"It's one foot in one door," he said, adding that people with AIDS and HIV have
to push governments for concrete support measures.

Southam News

Regional support: Residents show unity with people living with AIDS, C8

Update

Here are new international developments in the campaign against AIDS:

Paris conference: Prime Minister Jean Chretien joined other world leaders
demanding better co-ordination in the effort against the "horrible, terrible"
toll of AIDS.

Oral vaccine: Researchers at San Francisco General Hospital enrolled patients
this week for the first human test of an oral AIDS vaccine. An oral vaccine is
easier to administer than injected vaccines and stimulates the body to fight the
infection at its first line of defence, the fluids of the membranes that line
the digestive and respiratory systems, researchers said.

Enlisting baboons: Doctors are planning to inject bone marrow cells from baboons
into people with advanced cases of AIDS. Scientists reason that if the immune
system of a person with AIDS were replaced with corresponding cells from
baboons, which appear impervious to most forms of the AIDS virus, the patient
may be able to battle back against the infection.



LOAD-DATE: December 3, 1994

LENGTH: 711 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1994 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             603 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                        May 14, 1993, Friday, 1* EDITION

Three key action groups now living under one roof where life, death intertwine

BYLINE: NICOLE PARTON .; VANSUN

SECTION:  Pg. A3

LENGTH: 612 words


IT'S ONLY A SIMPLE paper-and-Mylar poster, but it packs a powerful punch. Your
own face stares from its reflective centre, framed by a caption that reads:
"Look who can get AIDS."

Other posters dot the walls: A reminder that the Canadian AIDS memorial quilt
comes to Vancouver later this month; the meeting time and place of an AIDS grief
recovery group; a notice that the 10th international AIDS candlelight memorial
is scant days away.

This is the recently named Pacific AIDS Resource Centre at 1107 Seymour, where
death is a fact of life, and life is enhanced and celebrated.

Formerly housed in separate quarters with separate bureaucracies, B.C.'s most
powerful AIDS action groups - AIDS Vancouver, the Persons With AIDS Society and
the Positive Women's Network - now pool their resources in this sprawling,
two-storey building, close to bus routes and St. Paul's Hospital.

The groups' new "one-stop shopping" concept and province-wide community outreach
have placed B.C. at the vanguard of AIDS education, support and advocacy for
North America.

The message: HIV/AIDS is an equal-opportunity virus that can strike anyone,
anywhere, anytime. Education is prevention and prevention - unlike treatment -
is readily affordable.

The cost to treat B.C.'s estimated 4,000 HIV-positive men and 400 HIV-positive
women will be about $ 70 million this year.

Contrast that to the $ 3 million resource centre is raising - $ 1 million to
renovate, furnish and equip the centre, and $ 2 million to create an endowment
(managed by the Vancouver Foundation) to fund the resource centre's broad range
of community services.

The centre has a 10-year lease and five-year renewal clause on the one-time
bowling alley, which urgently needs such amenities as an elevator, estimated to
cost at least $ 100,000. Like other people who live with HIV/AIDS, Bryan Wade,
past president of the Persons With Aids Society, now finds it difficult coping
with stairs, while others who visit the centre can't manage the stairs at all.

Now all under one roof are one of the most comprehensive and up-to-date HIV/AIDS
libraries in the province, accessible to anyone; a food bank that each week
distributes 200 bags of groceries to those living with HIV/AIDS; a hot
meal-delivery service for those too sick to visit the centre; a used-clothing
and household goods store for those whose sudden weight loss means clothes in a
smaller size, and whose greatly lowered income (GAIN for the handicapped
provides just $ 740 a month) means straitened circumstances; peer counselling
and support; a helpline (687-AIDS) that last year accepted nearly 17,000 calls,
most of which came from the heterosexual community.

Another of the three-to-five-year campaign's goals is a province-wide toll-free
number, estimated to cost $ 60,000. The resource centre currently accepts
collect calls.

AIDS' advancement among heterosexuals, families, teenagers and women has
broadened the resource centre's support base, so that heterosexuals and the
congregations from a number of churches are now volunteering beside the gay and
lesbian community to halt the spread of AIDS.

"The largest tragedy about AIDS," says Mark Mees, executive director of AIDS
Vancouver, "is how many people are disenfranchised and marginalized by it and
have absolutely no support system around them. Their families essentially disown
them. If they're in a relationship, it's often the end of it. It can be a very
lonely experience."

Within the resource centre is support for members of the francophone,
aboriginal, Asian and South Asian communities, as well as a speaker's bureau and
specialized help for women.


LOAD-DATE: May 15, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: IAN LINDSAY/ JOINT FIGHTERS in struggle against AIDS are Pam Weeks,
temporary coordinator for the Positive Women's Network, and Mark Mees, executive
director of AIDS Van couver, shown in their new downtown headquarters. (93-3391)

               Copyright 1993 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             604 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 December 6, 1992, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Changing Face of AIDS In the County

BYLINE: By ELSA BRENNER

SECTION: Section 13WC; Page 1; Column 1; Westchester Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 1843 words


EVERY time her 2 1/2-year-old son cuts himself, Iris F. begins another vigil. "I
wait to see if it's going to heal," she said, "because then I know he's still
O.K."

A year ago, both the 36-year-old Mount Vernon resident and her son tested
positive for H.I.V., the virus that causes AIDS, and ever since, her days have
been spent fearfully measuring little symptoms that could mean they are losing
their battle and contracting the disease. The woman agreed to be interviewed on
the condition that only her first name and last initial be used.

Another Westchester mother, Mary K., has also tested positive for H.I.V.,
although her three children -- two teen-age boys and a 4-year-old daughter --
are not infected.

"I finally told my two oldest children, but only we know," said Mary K., a
former drug addict. "It's our family secret."

The two mothers are among a growing legion of women in Westchester who are
either infected with H.I.V. or have AIDS.

They are representative of a pattern that has county health officials struggling
to make sense of disturbing new statistics suggesting that in Westchester one
person in every 100 is H.I.V. positive -- two and a half times the national
rate.

Statistics also show that in Westchester, the number of women who have AIDS far
exceeds the national average and that those most at risk are not gay men but
drug users who do not use sterile needles.

The patterns in Westchester, health officials said, reflect trends in New York
City, where almost 87 percent of the state's cases have been reported.

Armed with the latest figures and eager to stop the spread of AIDS in
Westchester, County Executive Andrew P. O'Rourke announced a new campaign late
last month to teach the public and coordinate the efforts of many different AIDS
-advocacy groups.

Mr. O'Rourke also released the recommendations of the newly formed Westchester
AIDS Council, an 18-member group led by the Hospitals Commissioner, Mack L.
Carter Jr. Among other things, the recommendations call for the development of
AIDS education in the workplace and an AIDS-education curriculum for middle
school and high school students.

Seventy-five thousand copies of a new brochure called "Let's Talk About . . .
Drugs, Sex, AIDS," will be distributed to health clinics and community-based
organizations that serve youths, a group that is considered highly vulnerable
because many adolescents engage in unprotected sex. The booklet was written by
the Westchester Consortium for AIDS Education, a group of private and public
community agencies.

Local museums, cultural institutions, advocacy groups and municipalities have
also joined the effort to increase AIDS awareness, with many of these
organizations last week marking the start of World AIDS Month.

A Day Without Art was observed Tuesday at the Neuberger Museum of Art at the
State University of New York in Purchase, where there were poetry readings by
people with AIDS, and health-education information was distributed to the
public.

A Grass-Roots Effort

Also on Tuesday, at the Bridge Gallery in the County Office Building in White
Plains, the lights were dimmed during the day in memory of Westchester residents
who have died of AIDS.

In Mount Vernon, where 19 percent of the county's known AIDS cases have been
recorded, Mayor Ronald A. Blackwood held a conference to mark AIDS Awareness
Day, and he initiated what he said he hoped would be a grass-roots effort to
combat the spread of the disease. The Mayor called on members of the clergy,
educators and parents, among others, to help government leaders in their fight
against the disease.

Throughout Westchester, where every municipality has recorded at least one AIDS
case, there have been 1,173 cases of the disease since 1983, when the first case
was recorded in the county. In the last year, there have been 250 new cases,
with about 20 new cases occurring each month.

The estimated rate for those infected with H.I.V. -- one in 100 -- is based on a
Centers for Disease Control formula, which says that for each recorded case of
AIDS, there are 5 to 10 cases of H.I.V. infection. Based on Westchester's
population of close to 900,000, there would be between 6,000 and 12,000 cases of
H.I.V. infection. County health officials have estimated that there are 9,000
cases, which means that about 1 percent of the population is infected.

'A Disease of Families'

Injection drug users are the hardest hit by AIDS in Westchester, accounting for
46 percent of AIDS cases, which is twice the rate for that group nationally,
statistics show.

And while 57 percent of AIDS cases nationally have occurred among men engaging
in homosexual activity, in Westchester that figure is only 33 percent.

For women, the rate of AIDS is 18 percent, compared with 11 percent nationally.

AIDS in Westchester, said Karin L. Rhines, program administrator for H.I.V./AIDS
for the Westchester County Health Department, "has become a disease of
families."

"We are in the next wave," Ms. Rhines said, "and gay men are not the only major
group."

'Everything Went Downhill'

For Mary K. and many women like her, the disease has undermined all attempts to
hold down a job and provide for her children.

"When I was married," Mary K. said, "we had the good middle-class life -- two
cars and a house. Then we started using drugs, and everything went downhill."

She was divorced, stopped injecting drugs and was hoping to make a better life
again, but "I guess it didn't work," she said.

In Yonkers, where 27 percent of the county's AIDS cases have been recorded, a
41-year-old man said that he, too, had hoped to make a better life for himself
before he became ill. He formerly injected drugs and spent time in jail on a
robbery charge, but several years ago he gave up using drugs and landed a job.

"I became a productive citizen, with credit cards and everything," said Curtis
A., a heterosexual who lives with his girlfriend. "I got my life cleaned up."

"It's kind of ironic," he said. "Three months into that job, I got sick. It kind
of grabs you."

30 Clients a Day

Brian H. Belcher, a program supervisor at the Upper Room in Yonkers, an arm of
the nonprofit Sharing Community, said that he sees many men and women with AIDS
and H.I.V. who "finally get their lives together, then find out they are sick
and feel that they've been knocked down again."

"But we try to show them that it doesn't mean they have to stop living," said
Mr. Belcher, whose organization runs support groups for about 30 clients a day.

Most AIDS cases in the county occur in cities where there are high
concentrations of poor people, with Yonkers, Mount Vernon, New Rochelle and
White Plains recording the highest incidences of the disease.

Blacks account for 44.4 percent of the cases in Westchester, compared with 29.7
percent nationally.

Adrienne T. Young, a senior social worker for the County Department of Health
who oversees programs to help people link up with available services and support
groups, said that AIDS has become "just another cross to bear for those who have
all the problems of the poorest people and then some."

Portions of Quilt on Display

About 14 percent of AIDS cases in Westchester occur in the 20- to 29-year-old
age group, and most of those people contracted the disease when they were
teen-agers.

Forty-five percent of the cases recorded in the county have occurred among
people 30 to 39 years old, and 27 percent have been in the 40- to 49-year-old
category. Ten percent of the AIDS cases have been among those older than 50.

World AIDS Month is being observed at the Hudson River Museum in Yonkers, where
two 12-foot-square sections from the Names Project AIDS Memorial Quilt will hang
until Dec. 14. The museum will also show the Oscar-winning documentary film
"Common Threads: Stories From the Quilt."

At the Scarsdale Library, memorial quilts will be on display until the end of
the month.

The Westchester Arts Council in White Plains is serving as a distribution site
for the Ribbon Project. The number to call to obtain a red inverted V-shaped
ribbon to wear as a symbol of support for the AIDS cause is 428-4220.

A White Plains woman with H.I.V., who would identify herself only as Client No.
3, said she would observe World AIDS Month at the Westchester County Medical
Center in Valhalla by spending some days holding babies who have AIDS. "I may
need to be held one day myself," she said.




AIDS-Related Services

THE following are some of the resources available in the county to people who
are H.I.V. infected or who have AIDS:

*Westchester County Health Department, AIDS Program, White Plains. Free
anonymous or confidential H.I.V. counseling and testing offered to those who
call 593-5067. For case management of families with H.I.V. or AIDS-related
problems, call 285-5808.

*AIDS-Related Community Services, Elmsford. Client services, case management,
support groups and information are offered to those who call 345-8888. Questions
are answered from 9 A.M. to 9 P.M. Monday through Friday on the agency's hot
line: (800) 992-1442.

*Greenburgh Neighborhood Health Center. Confidential H.I.V. counseling and
testing. Primary care for people with H.I.V. infection or AIDS. The phone number
is 285-4970.

*The Lord's Pantry, White Plains. Food delivery for homebound people with AIDS.
682-4306.

*Mount Vernon Neighborhood Health Center. Case management for people with H.I.V.
infection or AIDS. Also, H.I.V. counseling and testing.  699-7200.

*New York State Department of Health. The number for free anonymous H.I.V.
counseling and testing is 632-3443.

*Ossining Open Door. Confidential H.I.V. counseling and testing. Primary care
and case management for those who are H.I.V. infected. 941-1263.

*Peekskill Area Health Center. Dental care and primary health care for people
with H.I.V. infection or AIDS. H.I.V. counseling and testing. 739-8105.

*Planned Parenthood of Westchester/Rockland, White Plains. Confidential H.I.V.
testing and counseling. Gynecological services for women who are H.I.V.
infected. 428-7876.

*St. Peter's Community Services, Peekskill. Drop-in center, meal delivery for
homebound, counseling, peer support, case management. 737-7841.

*Sharing Community, Yonkers. Meal delivery for home-bound people with AIDS.
963-2626.

*The Upper Room at St. John's Community Center, Yonkers. Drop-in center for
people with AIDS. 963-2211.

*Valentine Lane Family Practice, Yonkers. Case management for individuals with
H.I.V. infection or AIDS. Confidential H.I.V. counseling and testing. 965-9771.

*Volunteers of America, Hawthorne. Respite care for people with AIDS to give
regular care givers some time off. 741-2200.

*Westchester County Medical Center, AIDS Management Program, Valhalla.
Comprehensive medical and dental care for people with H.I.V. infection or AIDS.
285-7700.

*Westchester Legal Services, White Plains. Legal advocacy, advice and
representation for low-income people with H.I.V. infection. 949-1305.

ELSA BRENNER

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             605 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright (c) 2014 American University/Sustainable
                            Development Law & Policy
                      Sustainable Development Law & Policy

                                  Winter, 2014

                      Sustainable Development Law & Policy

                       14 Sustainable Dev. L. & Pol'y 47

LENGTH: 10711 words

IN THIS ISSUE: IPAT IN PRACTICE: U.S. FOOD AID REFORM THROUGH ALTERNATIVE
DISPUTE RESOLUTION

NAME: By Delilah J. Griswold *

BIO:


* Masters in Environmental Law & Policy Candidate 2013, Vermont Law School. Ms.
Griswold earned a B.A. magna cum laude in Anthropology from Wheaton College. She
wishes to thank Professor Laurie Beyranevand for her invaluable insight and
guidance in the production of this article.

 TEXT:
 [*47]  I. INTRODUCTION


     "Don't worry about what I feed my family. You just give me some money
     and I will take care of it. You don't have to assume that I don't know
     what to feed my family. The problem is that I happen to be poor and if
     you can't do anything about that then get out of here. Don't waste my
     time." tilde Female Farmer, Bangladesh, 1980s  n1


The opening sentence of Amartya Sen's Poverty and Famines states succinctly,
"[s]tarvation is the characteristic of some people not having enough food to
eat. It is not the characteristic of there being not enough food to eat."  n2
The idea and the details of its substantiation caused a paradigm shift in
academic and political discourse concerning famine and hunger.  n3 Those
concerned with the plagues of malnutrition and starvation began to conceptualize
their causes in intricate relation to economics and markets as opposed to
considering them solely in relation to the supply of food.  n4

   In addition to positing the notion of entitlements and access as the
foundation of food security, Sen also highlighted the significant role
government plays in stabilizing and ensuring the necessary entitlements and
access, thus quelling the potential or severity of hunger and famine.  n5
Consequently, hunger is no longer perceived solely as an inevitable consequence
of natural systems, but instead as a malevolent event, largely preventable and
ameliorable through appropriate governmental intervention.  n6 Although impacted
by controllable policy, Sen was quick to add that the cause of malnourishment is
complex and very often a result of sudden, uncontrollable natural events or
prolonged developments which gradually erode food security.  n7 The theory thus
followed that flexible and locally-aware food aid and famine-prevention efforts,
which are unrestricted by rigid controls, provide the best potential for
effective relief.

   Despite Sen's foundational theories and the expanse of academic acumen that
his insights spurred, both malnourishment and hunger persist while a bulk of
food aid policy remains unchanged and outdated. Based on modest calculations,
n8 recent estimates find that there are 36 million annual hunger-related deaths.
n9 Moreover, the recent trend is one of disquieting growth: Reports from the
United Nations ("UN") state that between 1992 and 2007, the number of
undernourished people in the world increased by 80 million.  n10 Furthermore,
the global food-price spike in 2007 meant that, by 2008, another 40 million
individuals had inadequate access to food, bringing the total number of those
undernourished to 936 million--1 in every 6 people.  n11

   The persistence of outdated food aid policy, despite an improved
understanding of causal mechanisms and prevention tactics for reducing both
hunger and famine, highlights a main thesis of this article:  n12 Policy is
rarely empirical and frequently imperfect, and although academic expertise
offers significant insight, it is not always easily converted into appropriate
law and policy. As the largest single source of international food aid,
lamentably with some of the most outdated food aid policies, the structure and
controversy surrounding U.S. food assistance serve as important case studies to
this argument. The failure to improve U.S. food aid helps to illustrate how and
why public policy often lags behind academic and empirical understanding on key
issues. The legislative process, which dictates the formation of U.S. policy, is
often over-burdened with competing interests and divergent stakeholders that
aggravate both strategic and institutional barriers to the cooperation and
negotiation necessary for effective decision-making.  n13

   In the case of U.S. food aid, conflicting stakeholder interests have been a
key impediment to reform.  n14 Furthermore, efforts for reform have largely
ignored the importance and power of the key oppositional groups, failing
entirely to include them in conversations about how food aid policy might be
improved.  n15 The lack of facilitated and inclusive negotiation preceding
reform attempts has continually worked against change, in part by assuring
fervent opposition from the powerful excluded parties and further minimizing the
limited voice of those most impacted by the controversial policies.

   To this end, this article proposes that improving legislative negotiations
through two specific alternative dispute resolution ("ADR") tactics--private,
multiparty negotiation and mediation by a politician--could have improved the
success of various food aid reform efforts in the past by working to balance
stakeholder power and quell detrimental opposition tactics. The field of ADR has
tremendous potential to aid the legislative process in both the specific area of
food aid reform as well as more generally by improving cooperative action toward
the beneficial resolution of disputes. Negotiations between diverse stakeholders
with divergent interests are often contentious, yet are also the foundation of
developing current policy and legislation. Consequently, a focus on improving
the level of cooperative action within negotiations is invaluable to forging
effective governance through appropriate policy.

    [*48]  To contextualize the contemporary controversy over U.S. food aid
reform, Part II of this article begins with a brief history and description of
the practical and political elements of international food aid policy, thus
elucidating the roots of the current controversy. This Part finishes by
analyzing the specific institutional components of U.S. food aid, providing an
overview of the Food for Peace Act ("P.L. 480"),  n16 the specific legislation
to be reformed, and the associated statutes impacting the implementation of the
Act. Part III introduces the key stakeholders in the food aid reform debate,
highlighting their interests, goals, and influence in the contemporary food aid
controversy. Part IV introduces the concept of ADR and the theoretical
underpinnings that make it a valuable tool for improving the potential outcome
for food aid reform efforts. Through an implementation of ADR theory, Part IV
examines the recent attempts to achieve food aid reform, highlighting the key
tactical failings and concluding that the usage of multi-stakeholder
negotiations mediated by a key facilitative mediator could have improved the
likely success of food aid reform.

II. INTERNATIONAL FOOD AID IN PRACTICE AND POLITICS: FROM THE ROOTS OF THE
PRESENT CONTROVERSY TO THE STRUCTURE OF CONTEMPORARY AID

   For the past six decades, the United States has played a principal role in
international food aid, spending roughly $ 2 billion annually since the
mid-1950s,  n17 and contributing 55% of all global donations since 2000.  n18
Despite its unquestionably large scale, U.S. food aid policy has been both
historically and contemporarily questioned for its efficiency and
appropriateness.  n19 From the 1950s to the 1970s, critics lamented U.S. food
aid policy "as a classic example of donor self-interest."  n20 They protested
that food aid programs were structured primarily to benefit domestic
agricultural and foreign policy interests of the donor state.  n21 Specifically,
aid programs served U.S. and other donor countries'  n22 economic interests by
creating outlets for surplus agricultural commodities, and as leverage to
influence political and economic policies of recipient states--an important
diplomatic strategy for gaining political power during the Cold War.  n23

   Removed from the primary aim of serving those in need, donor-centric food aid
strategies often had unfortunate consequences,  n24 which spurred rising
criticism in the 1970s and 1980s.  n25 This criticism prompted an effort by the
United States and other donor states to amend aspects of the donor-oriented
policies in international food aid, and by the 1980s and 1990s public opinion
saw these efforts as a success.  n26 As a result, global public and political
interest in evaluating international food aid policy waned.  n27

   Key academic publications in the early part of the twenty-first century,
coupled with the 2007-2008 global food crisis, reawakened both public and
political interest in the contemporary policies of food aid, specifically
focusing attention on U.S. policies.  n28 Although the intensity of twenty-first
century food aid discussions matched previous levels, the context and content of
the controversy was markedly changed, as aid had become increasingly linked to a
mix of international and domestic institutions with various agendas. The
expanded complexity of interests involved in food aid policy increased the
number of key stakeholders involved and complicated the dialogue concerning
reform.  n29

   Instead of focusing on the geopolitical and commodity surplus motivations of
donor-states, contemporary concerns emphasized the mechanisms of food aid
distribution and their problematic character.  n30 Specifically, the dilemma of
whether food aid should be in-kind and tied to the donor country became central
to an animated debate among various governmental and nongovernmental
institutions.  n31 Previously, the tying of aid was seen as a given and an
intrinsic component of the aid programs of grain-surplus producing countries
such as the United States, Canada, and Australia.  n32 As agricultural commodity
surpluses declined and disappeared due to a restructuring of agricultural
policies among donor states, the mechanisms of tying food aid changed, with
donor countries sourcing food from the commercial market instead of
governmentally controlled domestic surplus stores.  n33 This requirement for
commercial sourcing and the concomitant fiscal strains, combined with growing
academic, public, and political disapproval towards tied aid, prompted many
donor countries to abandon the practice.  n34 Most notably, the European Union
("EU") began to untie its aid beginning in 1996, with Australia and Canada
following suit within the decade. "The United States, however, as the world's
largest donor of food aid, continued with a nearly 100[%] tied food aid policy."
n35 Consequently, twenty-first century food aid critique is directed
specifically at the United States.

   The unique entrenchment of a controversial tied-aid policy within U.S. aid
programs highlights the powerful economic interests of key stakeholders who
assert influential authority over the direction of aid policy.  n36 The key
stakeholders include the agricultural industry, nongovernmental food aid
organizations reliant upon monetization of in-kind donations for program
funding, and the shipping and maritime industry that benefit from the transport
contracts for tied food aid.  n37 These powerful and entrenched interests reduce
the potential for cooperation or compromise in efforts for reform. Understanding
the specific nature of U.S. food aid policy, and the associated interests built
by that structure is essential to illuminating potential areas for improved
cooperation toward reform.

A. U.S. International Food Aid in Institution & Policy

   The Marshall Plan,  n38 launched in 1949, was the first U.S.
institutionalized food aid program, laying the foundation for the United States'
primacy in the amount of international food assistance provided.  n39 The United
States has since become the largest single donor of international food aid in
the world.  n40

   The United States Farm Bill,  n41 generally renewed on a five-year basis, is
the primary legislation addressing a variety of agricultural programs, including
international food aid.  n42 Fundamentally, the Farm Bill delineates the
specific tonnage of aid to be donated through the United States' food aid
programs  [*49]  and outlines the portions allotted to either emergency or
non-emergency aid, while additionally proposing program funding levels--although
the final funding levels are ultimately approved through the federal budget
process.  n43 Thus, funding for most food aid programs is
discretionary--determined through the annual Agricultural Appropriations
Bill--and requires Congressional approval.  n44

   Of the numerous U.S. food aid programs, the Food for Peace program  n45 is
the largest.  n46 Both the U.S. Department of Agriculture ("USDA") and U.S.
Agency for International Development ("USAID") administer the program, which
accounts for 50 to 90% of the total food aid budget,  n47 a total contribution
of nearly 75% of all U.S. international food assistance.  n48 In recent times,
Title II under P.L. 480 has received the largest amount of funding, averaging $
1.8 billion in annual appropriations since 2008, with a current authorized
maximum level of $ 2.5 billion per annum.  n49

   At the height of the Cold War, the U.S. Congress passed P.L. 480, the
"Agricultural Trade and Development Act," which authorized the Food for Peace
program to "increase the consumption of United States agricultural commodities
in foreign countries, [and] to improve the foreign relations of the United
States."  n50 While signing P.L. 480 into law on July 10, 1954, then President
Dwight D. Eisenhower echoed this objective, noting that the purpose of the
legislation was to "lay the basis for a permanent expansion of [U.S.] exports of
agricultural products with lasting benefits to [the United States] and the
peoples of other lands."  n51 President Eisenhower's statement makes plain the
dual intentions of P.L. 480: expand markets for U.S. agricultural export with
the added benefit of providing international food assistance. P.L. 480 allowed
for the provision of surplus agricultural products to developing nations either
through emergency aid or on concessionary terms.  n52 In the decade following
the law's passage, 27% of all agricultural exports ($ 12.3 billion worth) were
shipped through P.L. 480.  n53

   P.L. 480 is composed of four parts, each listed under a separate title with
distinct objectives. Each title works to meet one of several overarching goals,
"including combating world hunger and malnutrition and [its] causes; promoting
sustainable development; and preventing conflicts."  n54 The most utilized and
significant section, Title II, Emergency and Private Assistance, is specifically
directed "to minimize hunger in the world . . . to ensure that one day no one
needs food aid" and is currently the largest single program source of U.S. food
aid.  n55 Between P.L. 480's inception and 2004, the Title II program provided
106 million metric tons of food assistance.  n56 From 2002 to 2011 the program
accounted for between 50 and 90% of total annual international food aid
spending.  n57 Unsurprisingly, a tenfold rise in the annual dollar value of U.S.
agricultural exports since 1954 has accompanied the passage of P.L. 480.  n58
Furthermore, the value of annual Title II programs has increased more than
threefold since P.L. 480's inception.  n59

   Title II of P.L. 480 functions through partnerships with nongovernmental and
private voluntary organizations ("NGOs" and "PVOs") that assist with
distribution.  n60 The U.N. World Food Program ("WFP") is the largest partner,
and the Title II program is the largest donor among all 82 WFP partner programs.
The celebrated successes of Title II include the development of
"self-sufficiency," or net-food export, in previously aid-receiving countries
such as France, Germany, Belgium, Austria, Italy, the United Kingdom, Spain,
Greece, Portugal, Cyprus, Turkey, Poland, and former Czechoslovakia.  n61

   Despite these accomplishments, Title II is the target of major critiques of
U.S. international food aid policy. Distilling the essence of these critiques,
Seventh Circuit Judge Frank Easterbrook has sardonically stated that "[Public
Law] 480 has three beneficiaries: the starving, American Farmers, and the Owners
of American Ships."  n62 The most contentious components include U.S. commodity
preferences, which are directly authorized under the P.L. 480 program and
U.S.-flagged cargo preferences; and monetization, authorized under the Cargo
Preference Act  n63 and both the Food Security Act of 1985 and Title III of P.L.
480.

B. Tying Aid: Title II's Domestic Commodity Mandates  n64

   As highlighted by President Eisenhower's statement,  n65 Title II's original
goal was twofold: (1) to expand U.S. agricultural export markets, and (2) to
provide assistance for international populations in need of aid.  n66
Consequently, the primary form of Title II aid to receiving organizations has
always been domestically sourced and in-kind, tied aid. By law, 100% of the food
aid must be sourced from U.S. agricultural producers.  n67 At the outset, aid
covered under Title II was sourced from surplus agricultural commodities
purchased directly from U.S. farmers by the former Commodity Credit Corporation.
n68 Because the United States has ceased to maintain significant stockpiles of
agricultural commodity surplus, the food aid provided under Title II is now
produced explicitly for the purpose of the program.  n69

   Currently, USDA's Kansas City Commodity Off ice ("KCCO") purchases the food
required for the Title II program. The purchases occur through a sealed-bid,
fixed-price process: "USAID formulates a request for a specific commodity and
tonnage based on their needs and the domestic preferencing requirements, and the
KCCO creates an invitation for bids."  n70 Invitations to bid are sent only to
contractors who fulfill the qualification requirements established by the KCCO.
n71

   The dual objectives of benefiting U.S. agricultural producers and the hungry,
and the aid structure their mutual fulfillment requires is at the root of
organizational, political, and public critique of the program. Contemporary
concern stems primarily from the reality that meeting the first objective,
prioritizing and benefiting U.S. agricultural producers, fundamentally impedes
the program's efficacy in meeting its second objective of hunger and famine
relief.  n72

C. Transporting Aid: The Cargo Preference Act

   In addition to 100% U.S. commodity procurement requirements for Title II food
aid, 75% of the total tonnage of all aid distributed under the program must be
transported via U.S.-flag vessels.  n73 The Cargo Preference Act (P.L 83-644)
governs  [*50]  this transportation mandate for all U.S. government generated
shipments.  n74 Congress passed the Act in 1954, amending the Merchant Marine
Act of 1936 by adding "a new section 901(b), to ensure U.S.-flag vessel
participation in the carriage of U.S. government sponsored cargos."  n75 An
additional mandate, entitled the Great Lakes Set-Aside, "requires that up to
25[%] of Title II bagged food aid tonnage be allocated to Great Lakes ports each
month."  n76 These legislative requirements were primarily intended to ensure
the security and stability of the U.S. merchant maritime fleet.  n77

   A 2011 report from the U.S. Government Accountability Office ("GAO") noted
that "[t]hese legal requirements limit competition and potentially reduce food
aid shipping capacity, leading to higher freight rates."  n78 For monetized food
aid alone, ocean shipping between 2008 and 2010 cost $ 235 million, roughly
one-third of the total aid costs.  n79 Furthermore, for certain commodities the
cost of U.S.-flag ocean transport is frequently higher than the initial
commodity purchase cost: "[f]or example, while it cost[s] $ 3.9 million to
purchase the shipment of 10,000 metric tons of wheat to be sent to Malawi in
2008 for monetization, it cost[s] $ 4.5 million in ocean shipping."  n80
Overall, the cost to ship aid commodities is roughly $ 25 per ton less on
foreign flagged vessels than for U.S.-flag vessels.  n81

   Further aggravating the cost disadvantage of U.S.-flag transport is the
requirement that foreign built vessels wait three years after reflagging into
the U.S. registry to transport food aid.  n82 Like the general cargo preference
requirements, this additional requirement sought to secure U.S. shipyard
employment and the general security and stability of the U.S. merchant maritime
fleet.  n83 Alternatively, this restriction works to further reduce competition
for U.S. government-generated cargo, consequently increasing overall freight
rates for U.S. international food aid shipments.  n84 Specifically, this
limiting of competition "contributes to fewer ships winning the majority of the
food aid shipping contracts" and thus gives more leverage to the existing fleets
to demand higher freight costs.  n85

D. Monetizing Aid: The Food Security Act of 1985

   The selling of food aid commodities in local or regional markets in order to
fund nonemergency food assistance programs in those areas, referred to as
monetization, is arguably one of the most contentious components of current food
aid policy and its proposed reform.  n86 Monetization was originally authorized
by the Food Security Act of 1985,  n87 allowing "implementing partners that
received nonemergency food aid under USAID's Food for Peace program and USDA's
Food for Progress program to monetize some of the food in recipient countries
and use the proceeds to cover associated shipping costs."  n88 Funds generated
through monetization are typically used for development projects such as those
that "[provide] assistance to improve agricultural production, provide health
and nutrition activities, and support education and humanitarian needs."  n89

   Of the $ 2.5 billion spent to provide 2.5 million metric tons of food aid
commodities in 2010, the United States shipped a total of 540,000 metric tons
specifically for monetization; the procurement and transport of this monetized
freight cost more than $ 300 million.  n90 In the same year, 63% of the total
food aid tonnage under the Food for Peace program, more than 313,000 metric
tons, was destined for monetization.  n91

   Monetization is carried out by food aid partner organizations, primarily
NGOs, who have received grants from either USAID or the USDA "to monetize agreed
upon commodities in certain countries."  n92 When submitting a grant
application, the implementing partner must have secured a buyer in the recipient
country; if the organization has met this requirement, the agency "approves or
disapproves the request, which is then routed to KCCO. KCCO purchases the
requested commodities from U.S. producers in the United States and ships them to
the implementing partner in the recipient country."  n93 This shipment must
comply with the cargo preference requirements, which the U.S. Department of
Transportation ("USDOT") aids KCCO in meeting.  n94 Ultimately, the process of
monetization consists of at least seven major steps, with as many as 50
sub-steps, "including steps to complete the application, conduct market
assessments, coordinate requests and shipment, identify bidders and obtain bids,
deliver commodities, and collect payment."  n95

   Like domestic procurement mandates for food aid, monetization originated in
part from surpluses in U.S. agricultural commodities--a phenomenon largely
resulting from U.S. government farm subsidies.  n96 Those critical of
monetization frequently note that "the U.S. government no longer has surplus
agricultural commodities[;]"  n97 consequently, the current maintenance of the
program depends on U.S. government purchases of agricultural commodities from
the commercial market.

   While proponents of monetization laud its facilitation of necessary
development programs for the food insecure, critics deride the program as
inefficient and potentially detrimental to the stability of markets in recipient
countries.  n98 Although the programs funded through monetization provide
essential services, 2007 and 2011 reports from the GAO make it clear that
monetization is inefficient:  n99 "The inefficiencies stem from the process of
using U.S. government funds to procure food aid commodities in the United States
which are then shipped to the recipient country and sold."  n100

   Moreover, following a 2002 Farm Bill amendment to the Food for Peace Act,
neither USAID in its administration of the Food for Peace programs, nor USDA in
its administration of Food for Progress is obligated to achieve a specific level
of cost recovery: instead each agency is simply required to achieve "reasonable
market price," a standard left undefined by the statute.  n101 Thus, the only
steadfast condition on monetization is that the sale be "an amount not less than
15% of the aggregate amounts of all commodities distributed under Title II
nonemergency programs for each fiscal year,"  n102 a condition which is
continually met at rates above the minimum requirement.  n103

   Taken together, these policies compose the structure of tied U.S. food aid--
aid that mandates spending in the donor country as opposed to providing direct
monetary assistance to recipient nations. Despite widespread opposition to tied
aid, shifts away from tied aid among other donor countries, and multiple pushes
[*51]  for the reform of U.S. aid, the United States has yet to transition away
from a "nearly 100[%] tied food aid policy."  n104

   The United States' ostensible inability to modernize its food aid policies is
directly linked to the strong economic interests of powerful stakeholders
pulling in the opposite direction. It is telling that a significant portion of
the U.S. food aid budget is spent domestically: "[I]n 2004, for example, it was
estimated that some 90[%] of the aid budget was spent inside the country."  n105
The primary beneficiaries of this spending include domestic agricultural and
maritime industries, as well as food aid NGOs.  n106 Each of these groups has
formed large and influential lobbies, tasked with quelling any effort to alter
the structure of food aid in a way that would limit the direct support these
organizations receive under the current order. Consequently, as will be
highlighted in Part III, the asserted efforts of these institutions have been
the primary obstacle to food aid reform in the United States.

   The argument of this article, taken up in Part V, is that this is not an
inevitable fate for food aid reform but a precedent that is largely ameliorable
through the use of specific alternative dispute resolution tactics. Before
making this argument, it is first important to clearly understand the interests
and influences of the stakeholders involved.

III. FOOD AID REFORM & DIVERGENT STAKEHOLDER INTERESTS

A. Reform-Supporting Stakeholders

   Sen's 1981 analysis of famines made clear that "[f]amine was not caused by a
slump in the overall availability of food, but by the loss of entitlements to
that food.  n107 Thus, social scientists adopted a focus on "demand failure" as
opposed to "supply failure" as the appropriate means to evaluate the cause of
famines.  n108 Focusing on demand failure resituated famines as "predictable
consequences of normal market processes given that markets respond to purchasing
power rather than to need."  n109 This shift to a focus on entitlements has also
altered the way relief and aid are academically conceptualized: "[A]consensus
has emerged from famine ethnographies that famines are preventable and that
relief initiatives must focus on restoring lost entitlements and not simply
"throw grain at famines."  n110

   The United States' Title II hunger and famine aid policy, which functions by
effectively prohibiting any other tactic than the "throwing of
grain"--specifically U.S.-produced grain--has been the focus of numerous public
and political critiques. These critiques have come from a variety of
individuals, institutions, and organizations, representing both sides of the
U.S. political party divide. Notably, appeals for Title II reform have created
such uncharacteristic bedfellows as The Heritage Foundation  n111 and Oxfam
America.  n112 These unexpected partnerships are most clearly explained by two
theoretical categories of critique, which underpin most arguments against the
current food aid policies. Specifically, there are those concerned with fiscal
efficiency and those that focus on humanitarian efficiency. Unsurprisingly, the
supporting stakeholders motivated by fiscal concerns include the conservative
organizations such as The Heritage Foundation and Republican legislators.

   On the other hand, reform supporting aid organizations, federal agencies, and
agency administrators, most notably Andrew Natsios, Administrator of USAID from
2001 to 2005, are primarily motivated by humanitarian concerns. While this
divide helps contextualize the uncharacteristic partnerships, it is not a
hardline division. Overlap exists with many humanitarian organizations making
appeals premised on fiscal efficiency, while food-aid reform supporting fiscal
conservatives also make humanitarian-minded arguments for policy change.
Consequently, instead of exploring the strict divisions, it is more relevant to
highlight the principal arguments motivating pushes for reform.

   The primary arguments of food aid reform supporters include the critique that
too much of the aid budget is wasted on U.S. mandated procurement and consequent
transport, which can also delay aid, making it less effective.  n113
Furthermore, those in support of reform note that domestic procurement
preferences increase costs to agencies and aid recipients and reduce the amount
available for the provision of actual aid.  n114 Finally, supporters critique
U.S. commodity distribution and monetization as having a detrimental effect on
local markets in the areas in need of aid, consequently exacerbating future
need, and failing to meet the program's goal of increasing food security.  n115

   Concerted efforts to reform U.S. food aid did not emerge on the political
scene until the start of the 21st century, when a number of key publications
awakened public and political consciousness to the issues of U.S. food
assistance policy.  n116 In a 2005 statement supporting a move away from
domestic procurement requirements and other tied aid measures, Andrew Natsios,
then USAID Administrator, commented: "The primary purpose of the Title II
program is to save lives and having more flexibility in our programs to use cash
to buy food locally will save lives;" adding that "[t]he fact that United States
farmers and shippers are able to benefit from the Food for Peace program is an
important, but secondary benefit."  n117

   Natsios' comments convey the typical humanitarian appeal for food aid reform.
These ethical arguments are frequently coupled with economic arguments
concerning efficiency, as those supporting food aid reform are quick to
highlight the inefficiencies of domestic commodity and U.S.-flagged cargo
preferencing.  n118 Most argue that by allowing for local procurement  n119--as
opposed to the current laws that require domestic food purchases--U.S. food aid
funding could provide more food at lower cost and a faster pace.  n120
Furthermore, supporters of reform also critique the practice of monetization
both for the efficiency issues addressed above and because the practice hampers
the development and long-term resilience of local agricultural markets in aid
-receiving regions.  n121

   Despite bipartisan, multi-institutional and academic support, reform efforts
have been largely unsuccessful primarily because of the influence of key
oppositional groups motivated by strong economic interests in maintaining the
food aid status quo. These groups--the agricultural lobby, the shipping lobby,
and food aid NGOs--have exerted powerful pressure within the  [*52]  U.S.
Congress, successfully swaying the most important institutional body in food aid
policy.

B. Opposing-Stakeholders

   Often swayed by the aggressive lobbying efforts of reformopposing groups,
many lawmakers voice skepticism about the lauded efficacy of cash aid versus
in-kind--or tied--food aid.  n122 Most note the potential loss of important U.S.
industry and jobs if the proposed reforms to food aid are implemented.
Furthermore, many lawmakers are simply not impressed by the predictions of
savings in the realm of "$ 500 million over a decade," a comparatively small
sum, "when stacked against the vocal complaints about the potential loss of jobs
and markets for U.S.-grown food."  n123

   Furthermore, there are cynical concerns about the ability of international
food aid to maintain its robust funding if it loses the support of powerful
agricultural lobbyists. Critics note that "allowing non-U.S. commodities to be
purchased with U.S. funds would result in undermining the coalition of commodity
groups, PVOs, and shippers that support the program, and in reductions in U.S.
food aid."  n124 Further fueling opposition are concerns regarding the ability
of the United States to receive public credit for aid purchased locally in the
area of need as opposed to being U.S. sourced and shipped. American Farm Bureau
economist Veronica Night has stated "[e]xports via food aid are a small drop in
the market. . . . Our concern is less about decreasing an important revenue
stream for U.S. agriculture. It's more about the loss of a sense of pride."
n125

   These general sentiments, shared by many reform-opposing lawmakers, are an
overall reflection of steadfast lobbying efforts on the part of three key
oppositional stakeholders--the agricultural industry, the shipping industry, and
some food aid NGOs.

1. AGRICULTURAL INTERESTS & LOBBIES

   The interest of U.S. agricultural producers, processors, and handlers in
maintaining domestic procurement mandates for food aid is readily apparent. The
depth and power of this interest is largely galvanized by the corporatization of
the agricultural industry. The majority of the global grain trade is controlled
by just four firms--Archer Daniels Midland ("ADM"), Bunge, Cargill, and Louis
Dryfus.  n126 Consequently, the purchase of U.S. aid commodities through the
commercial market provides direct and substantial benefit to the handful of
private grain companies.  n127 Furthermore, the domestic procurement mandates
restricting food aid commodity sourcing "mean[] that there are a limited number
of potential providers bidding on contracts."  n128 Unsurprisingly, "more than
half of food aid in the Food for Peace program was purchased from just four
large transnational agrifood companies and their subsidiaries: ADM, Cargill,
Bunge, and Cal Western Packaging."  n129

   This low level of competition has resulted in a price premium for food aid
commodities.  n130 Estimates show that wheat is now sourced at roughly 3.2%
above market rates, while maize procured for aid has on average a more than 70%
price premium.  n131 Consequently, "domestically sourced food aid costs the U.S.
government on average 11[%] more than market prices."  n132 Accordingly,
domestic procurement mandates serve to assure both a market and a bloated profit
for the handful of companies controlling the global grain trade.

   A quote from a wheat industry lobby group, the U.S. Wheat Associates, conveys
the entrenched interests: "Losing in-kind donations and monetization would be a
difficult blow for the U.S. wheat industry."  n133 The U.S. wheat industry is
the agricultural sector most supported by food aid, as "23[%] of all hard white
wheat exports for 2001-[0]2 and 17[%] of hard red wheat exports in 2002-[0]3
were sold to the government for food aid programs."  n134 Other key agricultural
lobby groups fighting against food aid reform include the National Association
of Wheat Growers and the North American Millers Association.  n135

2. SHIPING INTERESTS & LOBBIES

The shipping industry's interest in maintaining the status quo for food aid
policy is also huge: "[F]or U.S.-flag vessel operators, their bread and butter
remains in the transportation of food aid."  n136 For a number of shipping
firms, this declaration is unequivocally true. For shipping lines such as
Waterman Steamship Corporation and Liberty Maritime, contracts for food aid
shipment are responsible for the vast bulk of their income.  n137 Moreover,
between 2003 and 2006 the U.S. food aid programs have funneled nearly $ 1.3
billion in government money toward the shipping industry in the form of food aid
contracts.  n138 However, support also flows in the reverse, as the shipping
industry is responsible for substantial amount of political campaign donations,
n139 giving the shipping lobby considerable weight in U.S. politics. Industry
representatives that have been active congressional lobbyists on the issue of
food aid, include the American Maritime Congress, American Maritime Officers,
and the Maritime Trades Department of the American Federation of Labor and
Congress of Industrial Organizations ("AFL-CIO"). Overall, the combination of
their significant stake in maintaining the food aid status quo and their
political might makes the shipping industry a powerful player in preventing U.S.
food aid policy reform.

   Like the grain industry, the U.S. shipping industry is characterized by large
scale concentration--over half of the $ 300 million spent on the transport of
food aid in 2004 went toward contracts with just five shipping firms.  n140 Such
mandates under the Cargo Preference Act work to benefit a small portion of
U.S.-flagged shippers through stringent policies that prevent contracts from
going to newly flagged vessels.  n141 Consequently, "[i]n the 1990s there were
only eighteen shipping companies that were qualified to bid on food aid
contracts, and by the early 2000s this number had dropped to just thirteen."
n142 Moreover, as explained in Part II, "[t]his lack of competition at the
shipping and freight end of food aid has led to inflated prices for
transportation."  n143

   A fundamental argument made by the shipping and maritime industries is that
U.S.-flagged aid shipments are important for national security because they
ensure that the United States "is able to maintain vital sealift capabilities
during peacetime."  n144 Those making the argument note that in 1975 the United
States had over 850 U.S.-flagged ocean vessels but that by 2012 the  [*53]
number had dropped to 109. Predictably, there has been a concomitant drop in the
percentage of U.S. commercial cargo transported on U.S. vessels, falling from
10% in 1959 to 4% by 2012.  n145 These statistics evidence shippers' appeal that
cargo preference laws mandating the transport of food aid on U.S.-flag vessels
provide a critical source of cargo for the dwindling U.S. fleet and thus offer
an essential assurance that the United States "[maintains] adequate sealift
capacity, both to support [the] military and to ensure . . . the retention of .
. . at least a core of skilled merchant mariners and commercial vessels of all
types."  n146 Ultimately, this appeal cautions that a loss of U.S. food aid
cargo for U.S.-flag vessels would expedite the decline of an already diminishing
fleet, making the Nation's sealift "objectives . . . dependent on
foreign-flagged vessels operated by foreign mariners."  n147

   The protection of a U.S. merchant maritime fleet is also praised as providing
essential jobs and economic stability for a number of U.S. citizens.  n148
Industry representatives warn that an exemption of food aid from cargo
preferences would put U.S. jobs on the line by compromising the economic
stability of already struggling shipping fleets.  n149

3. FOOD AID NONGOVERNMENTAL ORGANIZATIONS

   As noted in Part III, the U.S. policy of providing in-kind food aid, coupled
with authorization for the monetization of nonemergency aid, serves as an
essential source of funds for U.S. based food-aid NGOs. The vast majority of
nonemergency Title II aid is funneled through NGOs charged with delivery and
sale of the donated commodity, achieved primarily through monetization.  n150
Unsurprisingly, the practice of monetization provides a significant funding
source for these NGOs.  n151 For certain organizations, the total funds provided
through the monetization of in-kind aid have been more than $ 100 million.  n152

   The capital generated by NGOs through monetization works to fund
non-emergency development projects that lack an alternative source of concerted
funding. Since the practice was first authorized in 1985, the overall percentage
of nonemergency Title II aid that becomes monetized has continued to grow: In
1996, 28% of nonemergency aid was monetized, by 2001 the share had risen to 70%,
and in more recent years the portion has been as high as 74% on average.  n153
Furthermore, "[f]or some food aid operations, NGOs monetized the entire amount,
as it is a major source of their development finance."  n154

   Accordingly, the food aid NGOs reliant on the monetization of in-kind aid
institutionalized in U.S. food assistance policy are markedly opposed to reform
efforts that would disallow this practice. The Alliance for Global Food Security
has served as the primary voice of NGOs lobbying against reform to U.S.
international food aid.  n155 Importantly, the presence of food-aid NGOs in the
group opposing reform has given a "degree of legitimacy" to the industry
position, "and together they form[] a powerful bloc fighting against food aid
reform."  n156 This block of powerful stakeholders has unquestionable influence
in the debate about food aid reform.  n157 They have, and will undoubtedly
continue to have, a significant impact on the success, failure, and overall
composition of any changes to U.S. food aid policy.

C. The Voiceless Stakeholders

   Often forgotten in the midst of heated debates about food aid reform are the
people who depend on food aid for their daily survival, the stakeholders for
whom the debate and the outcomes are the most crucial; yet, they have the
smallest voice in the dispute over food aid reform. Logistically, it would be
impossible to include the opinions and perceptions of each potential recipient
in every dialog concerning reform. However, there are key representative bodies,
such as the recipient country governments and country-specific hunger relief
NGOs that are acutely aware of the potential consequences of food aid policies
for the ultimate recipients.  n158 Yet, these representatives are largely
voiceless in the determinant conversations over food aid issues in the United
States.

   Food aid policy has significant impacts on the lives of people in the global
South. Between 1994 and 2003 food aid served as the source of 15-20% of all food
imports for the least developed countries, a large portion of which are in
sub-Saharan Africa.  n159 In certain circumstances and in certain locations the
level of dependence is even more extreme--for example, from 2001 to 2003 food
aid contributed 46% of Ethiopia's total food supply.  n160

   The trend in modern food aid need has been one of increasing emergency aid
and decreasing need for non-emergency assistance; by 2007 more than
three-quarters of aid was delivered as emergency support.  n161 Returning again
to Sen's work on the appropriate mechanisms for famine and hunger reduction, the
academic understanding is that aid should be flexible and adaptable to the
specific circumstances of the area in need, especially in emergency
circumstances.  n162 Food systems anthropologist, Johan Pottier, explains the
basic rationale, noting that given the "diversity of famine situations" and the
conflicting opinions about the best mode of assistance, "the more reasonable
solution is to examine the merits and drawbacks of either option within highly
specific situations and to ensure that potential famine victims have some choice
regarding the kind of patronage system they wish to have."  n163

   Pottier acknowledges the political realities that determine the structure of
food aid policy, especially for key nations such as the United States. However,
this does not dissuade him from making the appeal that "relief and prevention
work, like development aid generally, can only be truly effective if potential
recipients have the power to determine what is used and how . . . [s]uch a
dialogue must never be considered a luxury."  n164

   Given the numerous stakeholders involved in U.S. food aid policy as well
their disparate levels of power, voice and influence, it is important to find
mechanisms that will facilitate an equitably weighted dialogue--where parties
that are the most impacted are also given a say and those with the least to lose
but with the strongest influence are prevented from overpowering the less
advantaged. This is where the use of alternative dispute resolution mechanisms
becomes important. As this  [*54]  article argues, contemporary attempts for
food aid reform have neglected to limit this divide in influence and consequence
between the various stakeholders. In fact, the inverse has been true, namely,
that the attempts for reform have aggravated this imbalance. The following
section highlights the important underlying theories of ADR and how they might
be applied to attempts for food aid reform. This is followed by an examination
of the specific attempts for reform, with an analysis of key barriers to
cooperative action and an evaluation of the potential for multi-stakeholder
negotiations, mediated by a key meditative figure to reconcile these barriers.

IV. THE ROLE OF ALTERNATIVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION

   The structure of U.S. food aid under Title II of P.L. 480 creates a system of
multiple, often unbalanced and conflicting stakeholders with antagonistic
interests. Consequently, ADR, which seeks to resolve conflict between multiple
parties through cooperative action, is a useful tool for improving the outcomes
of contentious debates about reform.  n165 Although the theories and tools of
ADR are most commonly used to avoid litigation, and not within the legislative
process, this is not to say that ADR has no role in legislative disputes,
particularly those that involve multiple stakeholders with varying degrees of
power and influence.  n166 Quite conversely, as the legislative process is often
fraught with conflict between divergent stakeholders yet procedurally flexible
and quite amenable to the tools of ADR, the limited application of ADR theories
and tactics is an unfortunate oversight.  n167

   In the case of food aid reform, there are additional impediments to a perfect
application of ADR tools. The process of ADR seeks to ask the fundamental
question: Why is it that under circumstances where there are resolutions that
better serve disputants, negotiations often fail to achieve efficient
resolutions?"  n168 In the situation of food aid reform, opposing stakeholders
benefit primarily from maintaining the status quo and consequently have limited
potential for achieving tangible gains from any cooperation for change. This is
an important consideration, but not a steadfast roadblock; the use of basic
dispute resolution tactics--facilitated, private, multiparty negotiation--can
decrease the level of opposition by giving opposing stakeholders a stake in the
reform proposal, thus increasing the likelihood of less diluted reform measures
and greatly improving the balance of stakeholder power.  n169

   Recognizing and mediating the inherent power imbalance within food aid reform
disputes is essential to constructing effective negotiations. Although some
scholars have questioned the efficacy of mediated negotiations to reduce
imbalances in power, three key aspects of the mediation process--the voluntary
nature, the "empowerment function," and the "non-adversarial
approach"--explicitly work to "prevent power abuses by a more powerful party."
n170 In negotiations including all food aid reform stakeholders, a negotiation
would be refereed by a facilitative mediator  n171 equipped to reduce both power
imbalance and maintain focus on cooperative action toward mutual goals.

   The process of alternative dispute resolution begins by pinpointing the key
barriers to cooperation and only then determining the appropriate use of
specific ADR tools to improve cooperative action toward a favorable outcome.
n172 Following this process, the subsequent section examines key strategic
barriers that inhibit cooperation such as the aggravation of the stakeholder
power imbalance through the use of both "outside strategies,"  n173 use of the
media as a position-promoting strategy, and the dilemma of the "principal agent
barrier," a barrier primarily of representation.  n174 In this context, the
subsequent section highlights how facilitated, multi-stakeholder negotiations
could work to mediate these barriers and improve the likely passage of favorable
food aid reform measures.

A. Attempts to Reform Food Aid & the Barriers to Cooperative Action

   Efforts to reform food aid since 2006 have shared both fundamental tactics
and fundamental flaws that have substantially and unnecessarily hindered actual
food aid reform. Attempts at reform, while including bipartisan and
multi-institutional support, neglected to give the key oppositional parties a
chance to negotiate the mechanisms of reform prior to their congressional
introduction.  n175 This tactic ignored the influential weight and substantial
interests of key oppositional parties and overlooked the necessity of inclusive
negotiations for the success of controversial legislation.

   These tactical oversights manifest as specific categorical barriers to
cooperative action: (1) bargaining through the mass media or an
"outside-strategy;" and (2) the "principal agent barrier," where final decisions
are filtered through representatives that do not often share the same interests
or motivations as their constituents.  n176 In the case of food aid reform
efforts, this outside strategy was employed not only in the political and
legislative arena but also by key stakeholder interest groups (both the
pro-reform agencies and NGOs as well as the oppositional lobby groups
representing the agricultural, shipping, and food-aid NGO interests).  n177 The
issue with this bargaining strategy is that it aggravates differences by
diluting the arguments and interest of each side into oppositional positions.
n178 This ultimately reduces the likelihood of cooperative action by decreasing
the parties' abilities to identify mutually beneficial solutions, as Tom Melling
explains: "Conflict encourages the media to create a story by exaggerating
differences and by polarizing parties' positions. . . . Reporters dislike
tentativeness, which discourages the flexibility that politicians need to make
compromises during long negotiations.  n179

   While Melling's analysis focuses specifically on the issues an outside
strategy creates for cooperation, this article argues that in the case of food
aid reform the same barriers are created by the outside strategies of key
stakeholder groups in addition to those used by the congressional
figures--consequently creating a "stakeholder dilemma" in addition to the
commonly occurring "politicians' dilemma."

   The issue of the principal agent barrier in food aid reform results from the
role of Congress in determining the ultimate  [*55]  fate of food aid policy.
Legislators, who arguably hold a stake in the food aid debate as a consequence
of effects on their constituents, are nevertheless primarily indirect
stakeholders; while key groups like the NGOs, food aid administering agencies,
lobby groups, and food-aid recipients make up the direct stakeholders. While
these groups face the most direct impact from the composition of food aid
reform, their interests and opinions must filter through Congress, creating the
representation issue often referred to as the "principal agent barrier."  n180

   To illustrate these barriers, the following three sections provide an
overview of three contemporary attempts at food aid reform, beginning first with
a series of attempts made by the Bush administration, then moving to the 2013
attempt by the Obama administration, and concluding with the attempt originating
by two legislators, Representative Ed Royce (R-CA), and Representative Karen
Bass (D-CA).

B. Bush Administration & Food Aid Reform

   In the 2002 "President's Management Agenda," former President George W. Bush
acknowledged the fundamental need for food aid reform.  n181 The specific
critiques highlighted by the report included the common laments regarding the
overly complex administration of the programs, the associated inefficiencies and
cost increases, and the wasteful and counterproductive nature of tied aid and
monetization with their potential to negatively impact the local agricultural
markets of recipient countries.  n182 Acting on these critiques, "[i]n early
2005, just as the food aid issue was heating up at the WTO, President Bush
included in his 2006 budget proposal a request for authority to allow 25[%] of
the food aid budget for that year to be provided in the form of cash for local
and regional purchase."  n183

   Bush's efforts at reform were supported most notably by then-USAID
Administrator Natsios, who strongly favored the proposed reforms to food aid
policy.  n184 Natsios specifically championed efforts to increase the
flexibility of aid, allowing for increased cash assistance for local and
regional procurement.  n185 Despite the robust efforts by both President Bush
and Natsios, the 2006 budgetary reforms to food aid were defeated by Congress.
n186 A key factor leading to this rejection was the vocal opposition by the
agricultural, shipping, and NGO groups who asserted robust pressure on
legislators, convincing them that the proposed reform was unnecessary and
harmful to both the United States and food-aid recipients.

   Concomitantly to renewed White House efforts in the 2007 budget, efforts were
made to pass a new 2007 Farm Bill in the legislature. The new Farm Bill
legislation included a request for the allotment of 25% of P.L. 480 Title II
funds toward cash assistance for the procurement of local and regionally
purchased food aid.  n187 This was intended to increase efficiency through a
reduction in food aid delivery times and savings on transportation and commodity
costs.  n188 However, Congress was more amenable to the lobbying of influential
agricultural, maritime, and food aid NGO interests, and the bill was ultimately
defeated.  n189

   Final efforts in 2008 again attempted to move a fraction of U.S. food aid
into cash allocations for local and regional purchase of aid commodities.  n190
President Bush's 2008 proposals followed largely from policy proposals drafted
by The Heritage Foundation, most notably allowing for local sourcing of food aid
by discontinuing domestic commodity mandates and exempting food aid from cargo
preferences--in other words, implementing partially untied aid.  n191
Furthermore, the proposal eliminated funding for Title I of P.L. 480, which
authorizes the untargeted monetization of aid after 2001.  n192 However, the
heavy-handed agricultural lobby, shipping lobby, and certain NGOs reliant upon
monetization, significantly diminished reform efforts; "[t]hese groups were
[again] able to exert influence over a powerful part of the domestic
institutional setting where important decisions regarding food aid policy are
made: U.S. Congress."  n193 In sum, despite executive level, institutional, and
bipartisan support, the Bush Administration's attempts for reform had, at best,
limited success, as unsurprisingly, Congress' reception of the bill largely
paralleled this initial reception by important industry leaders.  n194

   In total, the food aid reform efforts made between 2004 and 2008 were
successfully opposed by an alliance of agricultural, maritime, and food-aid NGO
industry lobbyists asserting tremendous pressure over Congress and "shap[ing]
public discourse by posting news items and press releases on their websites and
testifying at numerous congressional hearings that touched on food aid."  n195
They also worked on the international platform, lobbying at the Geneva
Convention, targeting key trade negotiators.  n196 Ultimately, the reform
attempts achieved no change to the present structure of U.S. food aid policy.
n197

C. Obama Administration & Food Aid Reform

   Relying on tactics almost indistinguishable from those proven unsuccessful by
the Bush administration, President Obama aimed to implement even more drastic
food aid reform measures in his 2014 budget proposal. In equal fashion, Obama's
budgetary reform to food aid, which attempted to completely replace in-kind aid
with cash aid, was largely eroded by Congress as the same strong oppositional
interests fought fervently against it.

   Yet again the primary opponents were the agricultural industry, the shipping
industry, and aid organizations that rely on monetization for nonemergency
program funding. These fierce lobby groups worked quickly to gather significant
support within Congress and oppositional efforts began as soon as February 2013,
when information about the budget proposal was leaked.  n198 After months of
fierce lobbying, "only a few lawmakers [were] prepared to publically support the
effort to send cash abroad to make distribution of aid faster and more
efficient. They [were] outnumbered by lawmakers from both parties who [wanted]
to kill the initiative or water it down substantially."  n199 A combination of
major aid organizations, including the Alliance for Global Food Security, and
various commodity groups headed the effort. Those opposed to reform used a range
of tactics to influence key lawmakers, including meetings, letters, and fueling
support from constituents.  n200 The major catalyst for inspiring  [*56]
opposition was a continual reference to the U.S. jobs at stake if the reform
went through.  n201

   Some of the most notable efforts to generate congressional opposition to the
proposed reform included a letter sent directly to President Obama with 70
signatories from various institutions and organizations against the proposed
changes to aid.  n202 This letter was followed in March by a similar letter sent
to nine congressional committees.  n203 The letters argued for the significance
of the "transparency, accountability and reliability" provided by the current
food aid system of in-kind contributions; further cautioning the potential for
corruption that comes with cash-based aid; and citing the importance of the
system for domestic job security.  n204 In addition to letters, there were also
direct interactions between oppositional interest groups and legislators,
including a meeting in March between congressional aides and the soybean farmers
opposed to aid reform.  n205 These efforts generated significant congressional
opposition, and President Obama's original proposal--a 100% re-appropriation of
funds typically provided for in-kind aid to cash transfers and untied flexible
food aid programs--was whittled down to a redistribution of just 45%.  n206

D. Congress & the Food Aid Reform Act

   Wary of the failure for the food aid reform proposed in the Obama budget,
Republican Representative Ed Royce, Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs
Committee, and Democratic Representative Karen Bass; Ranking Member of the
Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights and International
Organizations; introduced bipartisan legislation to reform major components of
U.S. international food aid. The legislation introduced in the 113th Congress,
and entitled the Food Aid Reform Act  n207 specifically targeted the Food for
Peace Program, calling for modernization and increased efficiency in an effort
to "reach more people, more quickly, at less expense."  n208

   In endorsing the Food Aid Reform Act both Chairman Royce and Ranking Member
Bass explicitly referenced the importance of food aid policy that benefits the
hungry and food insecure peoples in the most efficient and expedient way
possible. Chairman Royce noted that, "[t]he system through which the United
States provides food aid [to] those facing starvation is needlessly inefficient
and ineffective. Especially given the current fiscal environment . . . ."  n209
Ranking Member Bass echoed Royce's appeal for efficiency by stating, "[t]his
legislation provides commonsense reforms to our grossly inefficient system for
delivering food aid. . . [ensuring that] . . . funds aren't wasted as we seek to
lend a helping hand to those who would otherwise face severe consequences due to
food insecurity."  n210

   With the underlying goal of improving the efficiency and effectiveness of the
Title II food aid program, the Food Aid Reform Act specifically addresses U.S.
commodity sourcing requirements, U.S. cargo preferences, and food aid
monetization. The Food Aid Reform Act focuses on improving the efficiency and
effectiveness of international food aid by: (1) eliminating U.S. procurement
requirements for agricultural commodities, (2) eliminating the costly and
inefficient practice of "monetization" (selling food aid commodities in
recipient countries to finance development projects), (3) aligning nonemergency
food aid with the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, and (4) exempting U.S. food
aid provided from cargo preference requirements.  n211 Supporters of the reform
bill were motivated largely by what they see as an outdated, inefficient, and
often ineffective way of meeting the primary goal of food assistance.  n212 Such
changes would move policy in a direction more in line with current academic
understanding of appropriate hunger-relief efforts; namely, by providing cash
assistance, and increasing aid flexibility, the proposed reforms would work to
stabilize and augment what Sen termed the necessary "entitlements" for adequate
food access.  n213 Most concretely, the bill is estimated to save the U.S.
government $ 500 million over ten years while also increasing the human value of
the aid administered.  n214

   Although using a stand-alone bill is a novel tactic for reform, the
negotiations process preceding the construction of the act, like previous
attempts, neglected to include dialogue with the expected opponents.  n215
Consequently, and unsurprisingly, robust opposition from the "iron triangle"
lobbing groups has severely limited the likely passage of the act.  n216

E. Options for Cooperative Action: The Value of Obama's Budget Proposal

   Despite what appears to be mutually exclusive positions and interests on the
part of each stakeholder group, a closer look at Obama's 2014 budget proposal
reveals key options for mutual benefit--or at least areas for concession between
the divergent groups. The budget specifically proposes to reallocate the $ 1.47
billion annual appropriations for Title II of P.L. 480 to three USAID assistance
accounts.  n217 This reallocation would essentially cease tied aid provided
under Title II, and shift funds to USAID programs that are unrestricted by
commodity preferences and subsequently unencumbered by cargo preferences.  n218
The specific USAID programs that would receive additional funding under the
proposal include: International Disaster Assistance ("IDA"), Development
Assistance ("DA") for a Community Development and Resilience Fund ("CDRF"), and
a new Emergency Food Assistance Contingency Fund ("EFAC")--all of which would
add "gains of flexibility, timeliness, and efficiency in the provision of
emergency food aid," by expanding the aid options available to USAID.  n219
Instead of restricting aid mechanisms to "a commodity-only response," USAID
could choose from a variety of options, including: "local or regional
procurement in countries or regions where food aid emergencies are occurring and
other forms of cash-based assistance like food vouchers or cash transfers."
n220 The increase in funding toward more flexible aid options would ultimately
result in significant efficiency savings as well as increasing the ability of
USAID to provide more need-appropriate aid, enabling the Agency and partnering
organizations to adapt assistance methods to the local circumstances of the
recipient regions.  n221

   Furthermore, the proposal reallocates a portion of the "efficiency savings"
from the transfer of Title II funds directly toward  [*57]  increases to the
Maritime Security Program ("MSP") equal to $ 25 million and to the CDRF equal to
$ 330 million for food aid NGOs.  n222 Given the cumbersome and inefficient
structure of the indirect benefits received through both cargo preferences and
monetization, there is potential for the shipping industry or NGOs to support
reform. Despite these seemingly conciliatory fund reallocations, steadfast
opponents highlight another reason why facilitated negotiations between all
parties could benefit reform. The efficiency savings allocations in the Obama
budget make apparent that the administration is sensitive to the concerns of
reform opposition groups; consequently, they are likely amenable to compromise.
The resistance on the part of both the shipping industry and food aid NGOs is
most likely a consequence of their lack of participation in the proposal.  n223
In the case of food aid reform, failure to include key stakeholders causes
fervent opposition from powerful and influential parties, invariably limiting
the success of reform. Thus, if the key oppositional stakeholders were able to
participate in the preceding negotiations for reform proposals, thereby giving
them a stake in the proposal, opposition efforts would be significantly reduced
and reform success significantly increased.

   Moreover, as the public and political discourse heats up on global food
security issues, inaction on increasing the efficacy of food assistance will
become harder to accept.  n224 Consequently, it is likely that reform attempts
will continue as food issues remain in the forefront of public consciousness.
Accordingly, it might behoove the iron triangle members to participate in early
negotiations in an effort to prevent future reform proposals that offer little
conciliatory measures to ameliorate their potential financial losses. The Food
Aid Reform Act foreshadowed the potential for this as it emerged on the heels of
the unsuccessful budgetary reform efforts and offered a fervent effort to
advance food aid policy changes with far less iron triangle appeal.  n225 While
mirroring the Obama budget in its elimination of Title II funding, the Food Aid
Reform Act lacked comparable reallocations to either food aid NGOs or the
shipping industry.  n226

   Even if divergent parties were brought together, multi-stake-holder
negotiations alone would not be enough to guarantee successful reform efforts.
Given the contentious nature of U.S. food aid policy and the power imbalances
between key stakeholders, the structure of any negotiation will be an important
consideration. While an exhaustive evaluation of the necessary negotiation
structure is outside the scope of this article, it is important to recognize the
fundamental need for an effective facilitator or a facilitative mediator, to be
present in any successful negotiation. Used in concert with multi-stakeholder
negotiations, facilitation between the conflicting stakeholders by an effective
mediator would help balance the disparate power and influence of stakeholders
participating in the negotiation.  n227

   As mentioned above, three key aspects of the mediation process--its voluntary
nature, the "empowerment function," and the "non-adversarial
approach"--explicitly work to "prevent power abuses by a more powerful party."
n228 Most basically, a facilitative mediator would work to establish ground
rules and a process for the overall discussion, ensuring that all parties
understood the importance of reaching a mutually acceptable settlement.  n229
Additionally, "by focusing on specific issues and the parties' interests and
needs, the mediator can prevent the dialectic of adversarial opposition and
encourage the parties to engage in a common search for a mutually satisfactory,
or at least bearable, solution for both sides."  n230

   In sum, a fatal flaw of the recent attempts for food aid reform was the
failure to use the key ADR tool of facilitated, multi-stakeholder negotiations
preceding food aid reform proposals. While legislative negotiations followed the
introduction of each reform proposal, legislative negotiations failed in every
instance to convene all of the impacted stakeholder groups prior to the
structuring of the proposed reforms. Consequently, each proposal was met with
instant opposition from the iron triangle groups.  n231 Conversely, inviting the
key oppositional groups to engage in a private dialogue or negotiation about
proposals for reform might have worked to quell the fierce opposition or helped
to construct a reform proposal that was more likely to generate the requisite
Congressional support. Furthermore, these negotiations could have included
representatives of the aid recipient countries, who were decidedly absent in the
final debate about all reform proposals. Finally, the presence of a facilitative
mediator could work to balance the convergent stakeholder interests and power
imbalances, ensuring a mutually amenable outcome.

V. CONCLUSION

   As the pressures of population growth, increasing affluence, and climate
change strain the stability of global food supplies, fringe populations are
increasingly susceptible to hunger and malnourishment.  n232 Consequently, the
demand for effective food aid and food assistance programs is likely to rise.
Efforts to limit the dissonance between food aid logic and policy must not be
disused by avoidable barriers in the legislative process. Specific tactics of
alternative dispute resolution--including facilitated, multi-party negotiations
and the use of a facilitative mediator--could beneficially advance efforts to
modernize food aid by enabling cooperative action and balanced negotiations
between divergent stakeholders.

   Current reform efforts have detrimentally overlooked key concepts and tactics
of alternative dispute resolution. By incorporating basic efforts for
cooperative negotiation through the inclusion of both reform-critics and
reform-supporters in the conversations about reform proposals, the chance of
passing U.S. food aid reform legislation could be greatly increased. Efforts on
the part of both the Bush administration and the Obama administration, although
bipartisanly inclusive, were exclusive in stakeholder representation. With such
a complex and contentious issue, efforts to push through legislative change
without the full participation of all powerful stakeholders will likely fail. As
was the case in past efforts for U.S. food aid reform, failure stems primarily
from the guarantee of fervent opposition by powerful, but excluded stakeholders.
Efforts for food aid reform have ignored this key concept and have consequently
achieved only limited success.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsAgriculture & FoodProcessing, Storage & DistributionPublic Contracts
LawBids & FormationSealed BidsInvitations for BidsPublic Health & Welfare
LawFood & NutritionGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:





n1  EDWARD J. CLAY & BENJAMIN LERNARD SCHAFFER, ROOM FOR MANOEUVRE: AN
EXPLORATION OF PUBLIC POLICY PLANNING IN AGRICULTURE AND RURAL DEVELOPMENT 55
(1984) (citing quotation from unpublished notes of interviews with female
household workers, Mymensingh District, Bangladesh, 1980).





n2  AMARTYA SEN, HUNGER AND FAMINES: AN ESSAY ON ENTITLEMENT AND DEPRIVATION 1
(1981).





n3  JOHAN POTTIER, ANTHROPOLOGY OF FOOD: THE SOCIAL DYNAMICS OF FOOD SECURITY
142 (1999).





n4  Sen's assertion that a lack of access , and not necessarily a lack of
supply, causes a lack of adequate food repositioned government and policy as key
factors in preventing and ameliorating both hunger and famines. Sen, supra note
2, at 142-43.





n5  See generally, id.





n6  Id. at 142-143.





n7  See generally Sen, supra note 2.





n8  GORDON CONWAY, ONE BILLION HUNGRY: CAN WE FEED THE WORLD? 29-32 (2012).





n9  GAN ZIEGLER, UNITED NATIONS COMM'N ON HUMAN RIGHTS, THE RIGHT TO FOOD:
REPORT BY THE SPECIAL RAPPORTEUR ON THE RIGHT TO FOOD 5 (2001), available at
http://www.unhchr.ch/Huridocda/Huridoca.nsf/0/f45ea4df67ecca98c1256a0300340453/

ILE/G0111035.pdf.





n10  FOOD & AGRIC ORG. OF THE UNITED NATIONS, THE STATE OF FOOD INSECURITY IN
THE WORLD 2008 6 (2008), available at
ftp://ftp.fao.org/docrep/fao/011/i0291e/i0291e00.pdf.





n11  Number of hungry people rises to 963 million, FOOD & AGRIC ORG. OF THE
UNITED NATIONS (Dec. 9, 2008), http://www.fao.org/news/story/en/item/8836/.





n12  POTTIER, supra note 3, at 165-67.





n13  Tom Melling, Dispute Resolution within Legislative Institutions, 46 STAN.
L. REV. 1677, 1689 (1994).





n14  JENNIFER CLAPP, HUNGER IN THE NEW BALANCE: THE NEW POLITICS OF
INTERNATIONAL FOOD AID 69 (2012).





n15  Attempts to reform food aid have been the result of collaboration and
conversation between only key supporters of the suggested reforms. Notable
actors include aid organizations like Oxfam America and CARE, policy think tanks
such as The Heritage Foundation, and supporting legislators.





n16  7 U.S.C. § 1691.





n17  The Editorial Board, Food Aid Reform, N.Y. Times, April 27, 2013,
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/28/opinion/sunday/food-aid-reform.html.





n18  U.S. GOV'T ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE, GAO-07-560, FOREIGN ASSISTANCE: VARIOUS
CHALLENGES IMPEDE THE EFFICIENCY AND EFFECTIVENESS OF U.S. FOOD AID 7 (2007);
Stacey Rosen, A Pilot Program for U.S. Food Aid, AMBER WAVES 2 (Nov. 2008)
http://www.ers.usda.gov/AmberWaves/November08/PDF/AW_November08.pdf.





n19  For example, in proposing the FY2014 budget, President Obama also addressed
the need for food aid reform. His proposal, after consideration by the 113th
Congress, was largely rejected. His proposals are comparable to those addressed
through The Food Aid Reform Act (H.R. 1983), including monetization, local
procurement, and U.S. cargo preferences. Charles E. Hanrahan, International Food
Aid Programs: Background and Issues, CONG. RESEARCH SERV. 12 (May 20, 2013),
available at
http://foreignaffairs.house.gov/sites/republicans.foreignaffairs.house.gov/files
/R41072.pdf.





n20  Id. at 3.





n21  MITCHEL B. WALLERSTEIN, FOOD FOR WAR/FOOD FOR PEACE: UNITED STATES FOOD AID
IN A GLOBAL CONTEXT 47, 146-47 (1980).





n22  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 3 (From the 1950s to the 1970s political and
public concern focused on the controversial geopolitical and agricultural
surplus-dumping motivations behind food aid programs of multiple donor
countries, namely the United States, Europe, and Australia).





n23  BILL WINDERS, THE POLITICS OF FOOD SUPPLY: U.S. AGRICULTURAL POLICY IN THE
WORLD ECONOMY 129 (2009). "In its early days, food aid policy was driven largely
by forces no longer relevant in the current context: sizable grain surpluses
needing to be disposed of, which determined the largest donors, and geopolitical
considerations of the Cold War, which determined the most likely recipients.
Humanitarian concerns always underlay food aid policies, but the economic and
political considerations of donor countries typically dictated the terms."
CLAPP, supra note 14, at 15. See also Harriet Friedmann, The Political Economy
of Food, 197 NEW LEFT REVIEW 29, 29-57 (1993); THEODORE COHN, THE INTERNATIONAL
POLITICS OF AGRICULTURAL TRADE: CANADIAN-AMERICAN RELATIONS IN A GLOBAL
AGRICULTURAL CONTEXT 91-108 (1990); JOHN CATHIE, THE POLITICAL ECONOMY OF FOOD
AID 2, 11, 22 (1982).





n24  Winders, supra note 23, at 95 (citing Harriet Friedmann, The Political
Economy of Food: The Rise and Fall of the Postwar International Food Order, 88
Am. J. Soc. 248 (1982) (Specifically, donor-oriented aid was blamed for turning
previously self-sufficient countries into aid-dependent nations while serving
the capitalist expansion of major agribusiness interests overseas and for
distorting farmer incentives in recipient countries, reducing local food
production and security).





n25  See WALLERSTEIN, supra note 21, at 47 (Most notably the 1970s food crisis
increased awareness for the importance of effective food aid policies).





n26  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 1.





n27  The perception that aid policy had become less donor-oriented and thus more
altruistic was true in many cases; in fact, the majority of donor countries
(apart from the United States) made substantial efforts in the 1970s to reform
the practices of geopolitical and surplus oriented food donations. Clapp, supra
note 14, at 3.





n28  See generally CHRISTOPHER BARRETT & DANIEL MAXWELL, FOOD AID AFTER 50
YEARS: RECASTING ITS ROLE (2005); U.S. GOV'T ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE, supra note
18 (2007); EDWARD J. CLAY, MATTHEW GEDDES & LUISA NATALI, ORG. FOR ECON.
CO-OPERATION & DEV., UNTYING AID: IS IT WORKING? AN EVALUATION OF THE
IMPLEMENTATION OF THE PARIS DECLARATION AND OF THE 2001 DAC RECOMMENDATION OF
UNTYING ODA TO THE LDCS (2009); E. Holt-Gimenez & A Shattuck, Food Crises, Food
Regimes and Food Movements: Rumblings of Reform or Tides of Transformation?, 38
J. PEASANT STUD. 109, 109-10 (2011). Like the crisis in the 1970s, this crisis
generated public awareness for the importance of effective international food
assistance.





n29  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 2.





n30  "Old debates about the use of food aid to further foreign policy goals or
dispose of grain surpluses have given way to debates over how food aid is given.
In particular, the question of whether food aid is tied to food sourced in the
donor country has generated heated exchanges between donors." Clapp, supra note
14, at 5.





n31  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 5.





n32  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 5.





n33  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 5.





n34  The idea of untying food aid "gained significant momentum in international
policy circles starting in the mid-1990s, after the European Union adopted the
policy in 1996. Agencies such as the Food and Agricultural Organization ("FAO")
and the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development ("OECD") have
taken up the issue in extensive reports directed at their membership since 2005,
and from 2007 the WFP began to strongly endorse the idea. Some donors, such as
Canada and Australia, eventually followed the EU on this idea by untying their
own food aid programs." Clapp, supra note 14, at 46.





n35  The idea of untying food aid had been championed by development experts
since the mid-1970s. The Paris Conference on International Economic Cooperation,
a meeting of 27 governments representing industrialized, oil-producing, and
developing countries held in 1975-77 as part of global negotiations on a New
International Economic Order, strongly promoted the idea in its final
declaration, yet uptake was slow and uneven. Clapp, supra note 14, at 6.





n36  The specific stakeholders working to maintain the US's policy of tied aid
will be discussed more thoroughly in Part III, but include the agricultural
industry, the shipping industry, and some food aid NGOs, including most notably
the Alliance for Global Food Security.





n37  CLAPP, supra note 14, at 6.





n38  Officially called the European Recovery Program, the Marshall Plan was the
United States program that provided aid to Europe in the form of economic
support to help rebuild European economies after the end of World War II with
the purpose of preventing the spread of Soviet Communism. The specific goals of
the United States were to rebuild the war devastated region, remove trade
barriers, modernize industry, and return Europe to prosperity. MICHAEL J. HOGAN,
THE MARSHALL PLAN: AMERICA, BRITAIN, AND THE RECONSTRUCTION OF WESTERN EUROPE,
1947-1952 (1998).





n39  U.S. AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV., CELEBRATING FOOD FOR PEACE 1954-2004: BRINGING
HOPE TO THE HUNGRY 7 (2004), available at
http://foodaid.org/news/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/FFP_50thAv_Brochure.pdf.





n40  WORLD FOOD PROGRAMME, 2010 Food Aid Flows 7 (2011), available at
http://home.wfp.org/stellent/groups/public/documents/research/wfp238954.pdf.





n41  7 U.S.C.A. § 8701.





n42  Id.; "U.S. international food aid programs have traditionally been
authorized in farm bills. The most recent of such bills, the Food, Conservation,
and Energy Act of 2008 (P.L. 110-246), authorized through FY2012 and amended
international food aid programs. . . . U.S. international food aid has been
distributed mainly through five program authorities: the Food for Peace Act
(P.L. 480); Section 416(b) of the Agricultural Act of 1949; the Food for
Progress Act of 1985; the McGovern-Dole International Food for Education and
Child Nutrition Program; and the Local and Regional Procurement Pilot Project, a
pilot program in the 2008 farm bill which ended in FY 2012. In addition, the
2008 farm bill also reauthorized the Bill Emerson Humanitarian Trust (BEHT), a
reserve of commodities and cash for use in the Food for Peace program to meet
unanticipated food aid needs." Hanrahan, supra note 19, at ii.





n43  CLAPP, supra note 14.





n44  "By setting out food aid policies within specific pieces of legislation
that it must approve annually, Congress plays a strong role in determining the
direction of these policies." Clapp, supra note 14, at 72.





n45  Agricultural Trade Development Assistance Act, 7 U.S.C. § 1721 (2006).





n46  Id.





n47  See House Foreign Affairs Comm., Food Aid Reform, available at
http://foreignaffairs.house.gov/sites/republicans.foreignaffairs.house.gov/files
/06-11-13%20Food%20Aid%20Reform%20Fact%20Sheet%20PDF.pdf.





n48  U.S. GOV'T ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE, GAO-07-560, supra note 18, at 7.





n49  Fiscal year 2014 request for U.S. food aid was $ 1.47 billion as compared
to the $ 1.15 billion the House Agricultural Appropriations introduced. HOUSE
FOREIGN AFFAIRS COMM., supra note 47; U.S. AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV. , U.S.
INTERNATIONAL FOOD ASSISTANCE REPORT 2007, at 7 (2008), available at
http://kenya.usaid.gov/our_work/humanitarian_assistance/frp/fy07_usifar_final.04
.24.08.pdf





n50  7 U.S.C.A. § 1691.





n51  U.S. AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV., supra note 39.





n52  U.S. AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV., supra note 39 (following World War II, U.S.
agricultural policy funded an unprecedented and unmatched level of research,
credit, and production advice while also supporting farmers' incomes, the
combination of which created a massive food commodity surplus by the end of the
Korean War.).





n53  U.S. AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV., supra note 39.





n54  Hanrahan, supra note 19, at 2.





n55  Hanrahan, supra note 19, at 2.





n56  U.S. AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV., supra note 39.





n57  Hanrahan, supra note 19, at 2.





n58  Paul L. Doughty, Peace, Food and Equity In Peru, 15 URB. ANTHROPOLOGY &
STUD. CULTURAL SYS. & WORLD ECON. DEV., 45-59 (1986).





n59  Id.; CLAPP, supra note 14, at 71(Although Title II is currently the most
significant component of the Food for Peace program, prior to 1980, the majority
of aid was delivered under Title I, "sold on concessional terms to poor
countries[,] and was in turn sold on local markets in an untargeted fashion"
with the chief purpose of creating export markets for U.S. grain. The food
crisis in the 1970s initiated a decrease in Title I aid funding, and beginning
in the 1980s the United States distributed the bulk of its food aid under Title
II.).





n60  Doughty, supra note 58.





n61  U.S. AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV., supra note 39.





n62  Milwaukee v. Sec'y of Agric., 877 F.2d 540 (1989).





n63  46 U.S.C. §§ 55305(b), 55314(a)(1) (2006); 46 U.S.C. § 55314(c)(3).





n64  22 U.S.C. § 2354(c) (2006); 22 C.F.R. § 228.13(a) (2008).





n65  u.s. agency for int'l dev., supra note 39.





n66  U.S. AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV., supra note 39.





n67  Food for Peace Act (Agricultural Trade Development and Assistance Act of
1954) 7 U.S.C. §§ 1691-1738r.





n68  Derek J. Hanson, Foreign Food Aid Procurement: Why Domestic Preferencing
Requirements Must be Substantially Reduced to More Effectively and Efficiently
Alleviate Global Hunger 39 PUB. CONT. L.J. 51, 63 (Fall 2009) (citing
Agricultural Trade Development and Assistance Act of 1954, Pub. L. No. 83-480 §
201, 68 Stat. 454, 457 (1954).





n69  Id.





n70  Id.





n71  Id.





n72  See Erin C. Lentz, Simone Passarelli, & Christopher B. Barrett, The
Timeliness and Cost-Effectiveness of the Local and Regional Procurement of Food
Aid, 49 WORLD DEV. 9, 11 (2013).





n73  46 U.S.C. §§ 55305(b), 55314(a)(1) (2006); 46 U.S.C. § 55314(c)(3);
Originally, P.L. 83-644 required U.S.-flag vessels to transport 50% of U.S.
generated food aid waterborne cargos, but in 1985 the total was increased to
75%. Hanrahan, supra note 19, at 15.





n74  Hanrahan, supra note 19, at 15.





n75  Murray A. Bloom, The Cargo Preference Act of 1954 and Related Legislation,
39 J. Mar. L. & Com. 289 (2008).





n76  U.S. GOV'T ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE, supra note 18, at 23; U.S. GOV'T
ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE, INTERNATIONAL FOOD ASSISTANCE: FUNDING DEVELOPMENT
PROJECTS THROUGH THE PURCHASE, SHIPMENT, AND SALE OF U.S. COMMODITIES IS
INEFFICIENT AND CAN CAUSE ADVERSE MARKET IMPACTS 23 (2011), available at
http://www.gao.gov/assets/330/320013.pdf [hereinafter INT'L FOOD ASSISTANCE].





n77  INT'L FOOD ASSISTANCE, supra note 76, at 26.





n78  INT'L FOOD ASSISTANCE, supra note 76, at 23.





n79  INT'L FOOD ASSISTANCE, supra note 76, at 24.





n80  INT'L FOOD ASSISTANCE, supra note 76, at 24.





n81  INT'L FOOD ASSISTANCE, supra note 76, at 24-25.





n82  INT'L FOOD ASSISTANCE, supra note 76, at 25 (reflagging is a term used to
denote the transfer of a ships registration from one nationality to another; in
this instance, reflagging refers to foreign ships coming under the authority and
protection of the United States).





n83  INT'L FOOD ASSISTANCE, supra note 76, at 26.





n84  INT'L FOOD ASSISTANCE, supra note 76, at 26.





n85  "Based on KCCO data, from fiscal year 2002 to 2010, the number of U.S.-flag
vessels awarded food aid contracts declined by 50 percent, from 134 to 67
vessels" INT'L FOOD ASSISTANCE, supra note 76, at 27.





n86  Food Aid Reform, U.S. AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV.,
http://www.usaid.gov/foodaidreform (last visited, Jul. 31, 2013).





n87  Food Security Act of 1985, Pub. L. No. 99-198, § 1111, 99 Stat. 1354
(1985).





n88  INT'L FOOD ASSISTANCE, supra note 76, at 5.





n89  INT'L FOOD ASSISTANCE, supra note 76, at 1.





n90  INT'L FOOD ASSISTANCE, supra note 76, at 1, 7.





n91  INT'L FOOD ASSISTANCE, supra note 76, at 7.





n92  Some implementing partners work with the recipient country's government to
monetize the aid commodities--for example, in Bangladesh, the government is the
sole purchaser of USAID monetized aid. INT'L FOOD ASSISTANCE, supra note 76, at
13-14. An additional common procedure is through the formation of a consortium
among several partners with one partner serving as the selling agent, or
alternatively, a single partner might work independently to sell the food aid
commodity. U.S. AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV., MONETIZATION FIELD MANUAL (Oct. 2012),
available at
http://www.usaid.gov/sites/default/files/documents/1866/MonetizationManual122220
12FINAL.pdf [hereinafter Monetization Manual].





n93  MONETIZATION MANUAL supra note 92, at 10.





n94  MONETIZATION MANUAL supra note 92, at 10.





n95  MONETIZATION MANUAL supra note 92, at 10.





n96  MONETIZATION MANUAL supra note 92, at 4.





n97  MONETIZATION MANUAL supra note 92, at 4.





n98  MONETIZATION MANUAL supra note 92, at 1.





n99  MONETIZATION MANUAL supra note 92, at 2.





n100  MONETIZATION MANUAL supra note 92, at 2.





n101  PUB. L. NO. 99-198, § 1111. The rationale behind this amendment was
twofold. First, there was a worry that the cost recovery formula was unfairly
inflexible, working to "punish participants where market forces were beyond
their control, or not reward situations where the market price was above the
formula value." H.R. REP. NO. 107-424 (2002). Secondly, because only USAID was
required to meet cost recovery requirements, there was concern that this
difference in standard could result in inequitable inconsistencies in
monetization, "potentially [penalizing] one agency or the other agency." INT'L
FOOD ASSISTANCE, supra note 76, at 6.





n102  Hanrahan, supra note 19, at 12. Less resolutely, both USAID and USDA "must
ensure that monetization transactions do not entail substantial disincentive to,
or interfere with, domestic production or marketing in that country." Id.





n103  See H.R. REP. No. 107-424, at 236 (2002) (Conf. Rep.).





n104  Id. at 69; CLAP, supra note 14, at 46-47, 69. International efforts to
untie and reform international food aid have been present since the 1970s and
became a prominent and widely accepted policy by the mid-1990s as notable donor
states such as the EU began to adopt policies that untied aid, spurring
likeminded efforts in other donor countries. Furthermore, international
development organizations such as FAO, OECD, and WFP avidly support policies
providing flexible, untied food aid. CLAP, supra note 14, at 46-47, 69.





n105  CLAP, supra note 14, at 74.





n106  CLAP, supra note 14, at 73.





n107  SEN, supra note 2; Pottier, supra note 3, at 142.





n108  Sen's theory of famine was not without critiques, the majority of which
"stressed that famines develop over time; [that] famine is a process, not an
event . . ." arguing that, "[a]s famine ethnographies now show, famines indeed
come mostly 'at the tail end of a long-term process of increasing vulnerability
. . . to food supply shocks.' The view that normal market processes were at the
root of famine, invaluable as a new insight, also overlooked the possibility
that well-functioning markets sabotaged in war can trigger famine." SEN, supra
note 2, at 143 (citing STEPHEN DEVEROUX, THEORIES OF FAMINE 159 (1993)).





n109  STEPHEN DEVEROUX, THEORIES OF FAMINE 71 (1993).





n110  POTTIER, supra note 3, at 143.





n111  The Heritage Foundation is a preeminent conservative think-tank dedicated
to advancing conservative public policy. See generally, THE HERITAGE FOUNDATION:
LEADERSHIP FOR America, www.heritage.org (last visited Dec. 20, 2013).





n112  Oxfam America is a decidedly liberal international aid organization with
companion interests in opposing the majority of conservative political and
economic agendas. See generally, OXFAM AMERICA: WORKING TO END POVERTY AND
INJUSTICE, www.oxfamamerica.org (last visited Dec. 20, 2013).





n113  Hanrahan, supra note 19, at 8, 14.





n114  Hanrahan, supra note 19, at 15.





n115  CLAP, supra note 14, at 78.





n116  Christopher Barrett, an agricultural economist, and Daniel Maxwell, then
international deputy regional director of CARE, published Food Aid after 50
Years: Recasting Its Role, which argued that the U.S. food aid system needed to
be more flexible by including cash for local and regional purchases, in 2005.
Around the same time, OECD published a report showing that in-kind food aid was
both more costly and more time-consuming to provide. In 2007, GAO published a
report on the performance of U.S. food aid programs, which indicated that, inter
alia, rules on in-kind aid and transport were making the programs ineffective
and inefficient. CLAP, supra note 14, at 77, 80-81.





n117  151 CONG. REC. 24,197 (2005) (Remarks by Andrew S. Natsios, USAID
Administrator at the Kansas City Export Food Conference on the Local Purchase
Initiative (May 3, 2005)); see also 7 U.S.C. § 1691 (2006) (stating that the
policy of the United States is the promotion of food security in the developing
world through the use of agricultural commodities and local currencies). But see
U.S. INTERNATIONAL FOOD ASSISTANCE REPORT 1 (2007), available at
http://www.usaid.gov/our_work/humanitarian_assistance/ffp/fy07_usifar.pdf
(listing as important goals the need to combat hunger and to "develop and expand
export markets for U.S. agricultural commodities").





n118  Hanrahan,, supra note 19, at 15. Critiques of the cargo preferences are
largely about efficiency. Those supporting reform note the inefficiencies in
both time and cost that come with requiring aid to be shipped on U.S.-flagged
vessels. Hanrahan,, supra note 19, at 15.





n119  The Editorial Board, supra note 17.





n120  Hanrahan,, supra note 19, at 14.





n121  Monetization is often blamed for causing commercial displacement of local
agricultural products, causing harm to traders and local farmers and undermining
the development of local markets, which may act to reduce long term food
security. CLAP, supra note 14, at 78.





n122  It is argued that buying locally or regionally could result in price
spikes that would make it difficult for poor people to buy the supplies they
need on local markets. Some also argue that the reliability and quality of food
supplies could not be guaranteed with local or regional procurement. Hanson,
supra note 68, at 60.





n123  Charles Abbott, Fierce Lobbying Counters White House Push for Food Aid
Reform, REUTERS, May 1, 2013,
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/05/01/usa-foodaid-lobbying-idUSL2N0D21F42013
0501.





n124  Hanrahan, supra note 19, at 14.





n125  Elijah E. Cummings, Duncan Hunter & Nick Rahall, Keeping the Food in Food
for Peace, U.S. NEWS & WORLD REPORT, May 21, 2013,
http://www.usnews.com/opinion/articles/2013/05/21/keep-us-food-aid
-programs-reliable-and-transparent.





n126  4 12 (2005), available at
http://www.actionaid.org.uk/content/documents/power_hungry.pdf.





n127  BARRETT & MAXWELL, supra note 28, at 89.





n128  CLAP, supra note 14, at 73.





n129  "Just one of those firms, Cargill, is reported to have sold $ 1.09 billion
in grain to the U.S. government for food aid between 1995 and 2005." Clap, supra
note 14, at 73.





n130  BARRETT & MAXWELL, supra note 28, at 91-92.





n131  BARRETT & MAXWELL, supra note 28, at 91-92.





n132  CLAP, supra note 14, at 74.





n133  Liz Jayankura, U.S. food aid policies discussed at IFAC, WHEAT LETTER
(U.S. Wheat Associates), May 3, 2007, available at
http://www.uswheat.org/wheatLetter/doc/45C55CE3775E571285257C150061CD08?OpenDocu
ment; Polly Diven, The Domestic Determinants of U.S. Food Aid Policy, 26 FOOD
POL'Y 455 (2001) (discussing the historical significance of food aid to
commodity producer groups).





n134  CLAP, supra note 14, at 74.





n135  CLAP, supra note 14, at 82.





n136  Chris Gillies, U.S.-Flag Vessel Operators Torn by Market, AMERICAN SHIPPER
(May 2004), http://www.americanshipper.com/paid/MAY04/US_flag_frm.asp.





n137  BARRETT & MAXWELL, supra note 28, at 96; Samuel Loewenberg, Bush in Food
Aid Fight with Congress, POLITICO, Feb. 06, 2008, 6:17PM,
http://www.politico.com/news/stories/0208/8378.html.





n138  Celia Dugger, CARE Turns Down Federal Funds for Food Aid, N.Y. TIMES, Aug.
16, 2007,
http://www.nytimes.com/2007/08/16/world/africa/16food.html?pagewanted=all.





n139  CLAP, supra note 14, at 74 (citing Interview with Marc Cohen, senior
research fellow, IFPRI).





n140  Dugger, supra note 138, at 1-3.





n141  U.S. GOV'T ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE, supra note 18, at 108.





n142  BARRETT & MAXWELL, supra note 28, at 94.





n143  CLAP, supra note 14, at 74.





n144  "Additionally, the supporters of these changes mischaracterize the
importance of the U.S. merchant marine and the essential policy nexus between it
and food aid programs. Since 1936, U.S. law has held that the United States
shall have a merchant marine sufficient to carry . . . a substantial portion of
the water-borne export and import foreign commerce of the United States and . .
. capable of serving as a naval and military auxiliary in time of war or
national emergency." Cummings et al., supra note 125.





n145  Furthermore, critics note "[a] study issued by IHS Global Insight in 2009
found that barely 2[%] of U.S. foreign trade is now moving in U.S.-flagged
vessels." Cummings et al., supra note 125.





n146  Cummings et al., supra note 125.





n147  Cummings et al., supra note 125.





n148  Hanrahan, supra note 19, at 20.





n149  "USA Maritime cites a report it commissioned on the economic impacts of
U.S. international food aid, which shows that the combination of handling,
processing, and transporting U.S. commodities all the way from the farm to
foreign ports supported $ 2 billion of U.S. industry output, $ 523 million in
household earnings, and over 13,000 jobs in 2009." Hanrahan, supra note 19, at
20 (citing PROMAR INTERNATIONAL, IMPACTS ON THE U.S. ECONOMY OF SHIPING
INTERNATIONAL FOOD AID (2010), available at http://mebaunion.org/WHATS-NEW/Food_
Aid-April_2010.pdf.





n150  "Barrett and Maxwell have shown, for example, that food aid delivered by
the top eight NGOs accounted for 30[%] of the weighted average of their gross
revenues for 2001; some relied on U.S. food aid for up to 50[%] of their
budget." CLAP, supra note 14, at 75 (citing BARRETT & MAXWELL, supra note 28, at
98).





n151  "Each has received tens of millions of dollars' worth of in-kind food aid
through the Food for Peace program each year over the past decade." CLAP, supra
note 14, at 75.





n152  U.S. AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV., U.S. INTERNATIONAL FOOD ASSISTANCE REPORT
(2006), available at
http://www.usaid.gov/our_work/humanitarian_assistance/ffp/fy06_usifar.pdf; U.S.
AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV., U.S. INTERNATIONAL FOOD ASSISTANCE REPORT (2007),
available at
http://www.usaid.gov/our_work/humanitarian_assistance/ffp/fy07_usifar.pdf; U.S.
AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV., U.S. INTERNATIONAL FOOD ASSISTANCE REPORT (2008)
available at
http://www.usaid.gov/our_work/humanitarian_assistance/ffp/fy08_usifar_revised.pd
f; U.S. AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV., U.S. INTERNATIONAL FOOD ASSISTANCE REPORT (2009),
available at
http://www.usaid.gov/our_work/humanitarian_assistance/ffp/fy09_usifar_revised.pd
f.





n153  EMMY SIMMONS, P'SHIP TO CUT HUNGER & POVERTY IN AFR., RECONSIDERING FOOD
AID: THE DIALOGUE CONTINUES 65 (2007), available at
http://www.partnership-africa.org/sites/default/files/ReconsideringFoodAidfinalf
eb12.pdf; see also, id.





n154  CLAP, supra note 14, at 76.





n155  Hanrahan, supra note 19, at 19.





n156  CLAP, supra note 14, at 77.





n157  See generally, Steve Inskeep, A Political War Brews Over 'Food For Peace'
Aid Program, NAT'L PUB. RADIO (Apr. 04, 2013, 3:18 AM),
http://www.npr.org/templates/transcript/transcript.php?storyId=176154775
(concerning opposition to Bush administration reform proposals); Abbott, supra
note 123 (concerning opposition to the Obama administration reform proposal and
the Food Aid Reform Act proposal); Brad Plumer, Food Aid Reform is Running into
Trouble in Congress, Wash. Post, May 17, 2013,
http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2013/05/17/obamas-plan-to-overha
ul-food-aid-is-running-into-trouble-in-congress/; Charles Abbott, U.S. Senate
Largely Rebuffs Obama Plan for Food-Aid Reform, REUTERS, Jun. 03, 2013,
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/06/04/usa-agriculture-foodaid-idUSL1N0EF1TG2
0130604.





n158  An example might be found in the governing structure of the WFP, where
developing countries have a majority presence on the governing executive board.
Incorporating key figures, representing the major recipients of P.L. 480 aid
--which in 2010 included Niger, Djibouti, Zambia, Burma, and South Sudan--in any
preceding negotiations to food aid reform proposals would greatly expand the
dialogue and balance the weight of the conversation between donor and recipient
more equitably. Noting the largest recipients of aid are largely centralized in
Africa, making sure the representatives from that continent were present in the
dialogue would be a substantial improvement. Notable hunger relief organizations
in the region include Action against Hunger and Oxfam. Furthermore, the
inclusion of hunger relief organizations should be achieved with an aim of
balancing representation on either side of the debate about monetization. The
insights of organizations like CARE, which once relied upon monetization, but
have since moved away from the practice for humanitarian and efficiency reasons,
would be valuable and important voices in shaping effective reform. ROBERTA VAN
HAEFTEN, MARY ANN ANDERSON, HERBET CAUDILL & EAMONN KILMARTIN, SECOND FOOD AID
AND FOOD SECURITY ASSESSMENT (FAFSA-2) 3-8 (2013), available at
http://www.usaid.gov/sites/default/files/documents/1866/FAFSA-2%20Chapter3.pdf.





n159  EDWARD CLAY, BARRY RILEY, & IAN UREY, ORG. FOR ECON. CO-OPERATION & DEV.,
THE DEVELOPMENT EFFECTIVENESS OF FOOD AID: DOES TYING MATER? 3 (2006), available
at
http://www.odi.org.uk/sites/odi.org.uk/files/odi-assets/publications-opinion-fil
es/3043.pdf.





n160  FOOD & AGRIC. ORG., THE STATE OF FOOD AND AGRICULTURE 4 (2006).





n161  Id.





n162  SEN, supra note 2.





n163  POTTIER, supra note 3, at 166.





n164  ALEX DE WAAL, FAMINE THAT KILLS 32 (1989).





n165  Melling, supra note 13, at 1680 (concerning the definition of alternative
dispute resolution).





n166  Furthermore, "Congress is the 'anvil' of democracy--the place where
bargains are forged and policy is hammered out. This institutional structure
affects individual legislators' incentives and creates unique barriers to the
cooperative resolution of conflict." Melling, supra note 13, at 1682.





n167  Melling, supra note 13, at 1679.





n168  Robert H. Mnookin, Why Negotiations Fail: An Exploration of Barriers to
the Resolution of Conflict 8 OHIO ST. J. DISP. RESOL. 235, 238 (1993).





n169  "Some critics of mediation believe that the lack of procedural safeguards,
the absence of an authoritative third-party decision maker, and the neutrality
of the mediator, allow for instances in which a disputing party might use power
unfairly to impose a solution upon the other. However, this concern seems often
misplaced as mediation contains core features that act as safeguards to prevent
power abuses by a more powerful party." Jordi Agust[#xED]-Panareda, Power
Imbalances in Mediation: Questioning Some Common Assumptions, 59 DISP. RESOL. J.
24, 29 (May--July 2004).





n170  Id. (citing Robert Bush, Efficiency and Protection, or Empowerment and
Recognition? 41 FLA. L. REV. 253 (1989); L.A. Pinz[#xF3]n, The Production of
Power and Knowledge in Mediation," 14 MED. Q. 5 (1996); Lon Fuller, Mediation:
Its Forms and Functions, 44 S. CAL. L. REV. 325 (1971); G.A. CHORNENKI,
MEDIATING COMMERCIAL DISPUTES: EXCHANGING 'POWER OVER' FOR 'POWER WITH, IN
RETHINKING DISPUTES: THE MEDIATION ALTERNATIVE 164 (J. Macfarlane ed., Cavendish
Publishing 1997)).






n171  "In facilitative mediation, the mediator structures a process to assist
the parties in reaching a mutually agreeable resolution. The mediator asks
questions; validates and normalizes parties' points of view; searches for
interests underneath the positions taken by parties; and assists the parties in
finding and analyzing options for resolution." Zena Zumeta, Styles of Mediation:
Facilitative, Evaluative, and Transformative Mediation (Sept. 2000),
http://www.mediate.com/articles/zumeta.cfm.





n172  Melling, supra note 13, at 1678.





n173  The concept of "outside strategies" is taken from the political science
analysis of Timothy Cook, who uses the term to refer specifically to the use of
the media as a bargaining or position-promoting tool on the part of politicians.
Here, I use the term, not with regard to legislators or politicians exclusively,
but to all stakeholders involved in the food aid reform debate. TIMOTHY E. COOK,
MAKING LAWS AND MAKING NEWS: MEDIA STRATEGIES IN THE U.S. HOUSE OF
REPRESENTATIVES 154 (1991).





n174  "The problem arises when a principal and an agent have different
incentives. For example, lawyers, particularly those who bill by the hour, have
an incentive to avoid settling a case until the litigation reaches the
courthouse steps. Research suggests that it is difficult to align the interests
of the principal and agent, either by contract or by custom. Thus, agents can
inflict unnecessary losses on disputing parties or prevent them from discovering
joint gains." Melling, supra note 13, at 1681.





n175  Reform proposals have been made primarily through reforms in annual
Presidential Fiscal Year budgets. The most recently proposed Food Aid Reform Act
was a hasty bill proposed with bipartisan support, but no preceding negotiations
with potential opposition.





n176  COOK, supra note 173, at 154 (In the realm of political science, the act
of bargaining through the mass media is commonly called an "outside strategy,"
establishing what is referred to as the "politicians' dilemma."); Melling, supra
note 13, at 1681 (concerning "principal agent barrier").





n177  Key examples include letters to the editor, press releases, and
publications on the websites of the Maritime Industry, Agricultural industry,
and food aid organizations.





n178  Melling, supra note 13, at 1689.





n179  Melling, supra note 13, at 1689.





n180  Lawrence Susskind & Connie Ozowa, Mediating Public Disputes: Obstacles and
Possibilities, 41 J. SOC. ISSUES 145, 147-48, 157 (1985) (discussing problems of
representation); Melling, supra note 13, at 1681.





n181  CLAP, supra note 14, at 78.





n182  CLAP, supra note 14, at 78.





n183  CLAP, supra note 14, at 78.





n184  Andrew Natsios Extended Interview, RELIGION & ETHICS NEWSWEEKLY, PUB.
BROAD. SERV. (Feb. 19, 2010),
http://www.pbs.org/wnet/religionandethics/2010/02/19/february-19-2010-andrew-nat
sios-extended-interview/5720/.





n185  CLAP, supra note 14, at 78. Academic studies, including Amartya Sen's work
were influential in shaping Natsios' opinion; in a 2005 speech, Natsios
commented, "I've seen children starve to death when there was a surplus of food
in their local markets, but there was no one to buy the food because we didn't
have the money to do that, so people died." Pub. Broad. Serv., supra note 184.





n186  Inskeep, supra note 157.





n187  U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC., USDA's 2007 FARM BILL PROPOSALS, available at
http://www.usda.gov/documents/07final.fbp.pdf.





n188  CLAP, supra note 14, at 80.





n189  CLAP, supra note 14, at 82.





n190  CLAP, supra note 14, at 69.





n191  Specifically, the President's agenda "called for the establishment of more
reliable levels of food aid, with the proportion of the U.S. programs that
relied on unpredictable surpluses not to exceed 10[%]," while also seeking
"better-focused programs, improved safeguards to avoid commercial displacement,
and overall improved transparency and efficiency." CLAP, supra note 14, at 78.





n192  CLAP, supra note 14, at 78.





n193  CLAP, supra note 14, at 69.





n194  CLAP, supra note 14, at 69.





n195  CLAP, supra note 14, at 82.





n196  CLAP, supra note 14, at 82.





n197  However, the administration did manage to negotiate the establishment of
two pilot programs in untied, locally and regionally procured aid, which now
account for a quarter of U.S. food aid; "[a]nd according to independent reviews
they're working pretty well." Inskeep, supra note 157.





n198  Abbott, supra note 123.





n199  Abbott, supra note 123.





n200  Abbott, supra note 123.





n201  Abbott, supra note 123.





n202  Abbott, supra note 123.





n203  Abbott, supra note 123.





n204  Abbott, supra note 123.





n205  Abbott, supra note 123.





n206  The remaining portion allotted to the standard in-kind and tied aid
programs was 55%, equal to roughly $ 800 million of the $ 1.4 billion total, as
remaining earmarked for U.S. produced and shipped food aid.





n207  Food Aid Reform Act, H.R. 1983, 113th Cong. (1st Sess. 2013).





n208  Press Release, Chairman Royce, House Comm. on Foreign Affairs,
Subcommittee Ranking Member Bass Move to Reform U.S. Food Aid Delivery to Help
More at Less Expense (May 15, 2013) available at
http://foreignaffairs.house.gov/press-release/chairman-royce-subcommittee-rankin
g-member-bass-move-reform-us-food-aid-delivery-help [hereinafter Press Release,
House Comm. on Foreign Affairs].





n209  Id.





n210  Id.





n211  HOUSE COMMITEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, ROYCE-BASS FOOD AID REFORM ACT:
SECTION-BY-SECTION 1, available at
http://foreignaffairs.house.gov/sites/republicans.foreignaffairs.house.gov/files
/Food%20Aid%20Reform%20Act%20Section-by-Section.pdf.





n212  Id.





n213  SEN, supra note 2.





n214  Press Release, House Comm. on Foreign Affairs, supra note 208.





n215  Arguably, the urgency with which the bill was introduced eliminated the
logistical possibility for complex negotiations to take place. Furthermore,
coming on the tails of controversy over the FY2014 budgetary reforms to food aid
, the atmosphere for cooperative dialog was even further reduced.





n216  See Cydney Hargis, Reforming U.S. Food Aid Would Eliminate 7,000-Mile Food
Chain (Jun. 12, 2013), http://www.ipsnews.net/2013/06/reforming-us-food-aid
-would-eliminate-7000-mile-food-chain/ (noting the likelihood of passage to be
about 7%).





n217  "[T]he President's budget: Shifts $ 1.1 billion to International Disaster
Assistance (IDA) for emergency food response. This shift would augment IDA's
Emergency Food Security Program, previously described, which provides up the $
300 million for cash-based food security assistance (e.g., local and regional
procurement, vouchers, or cash transfers). The total available for IDA emergency
food security assistance would be $ 1.4 billion. Shifts $ 250 million to
Development Assistance (DA) for a Community Development and Resilience Fund
(CDRF). The CDRF would address chronic food insecurity in area of recurrent
crises such as the Horn of Africa or the West African Sahel. The CDRF also would
receive $ 80 million of DA from USAID's Bureau of Food Security, which
administers the Feed the Future program. Total funding for this program would be
$ 330 million. Shifts $ 75 million to a new Emergency Food Assistance
Contingency Fund (EFAC). EFAC would serve as a fund to provide emergency food
assistance for unexpected and urgent food needs." Hanrahan, supra note 19, at
17-18 (emphasis in original).





n218  Hanrahan, supra note 19, at 17-18.





n219  Hanrahan, supra note 19, at 18.





n220  Hanrahan, supra note 19, at 18.





n221  Food for Peace by the Numbers. U.S. AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV. (Nov. 01, 2013),
http://www.usaid.gov/foodaidreform/ffp-by-the-numbers; Food Aid Reform, U.S.
AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV. (Nov. 01, 2013), http://www.usaid.gov/foodaidreform.





n222  Food Aid Reform, U.S. AGENCY FOR INT'L DEV., supra note 221.





n223  Dispute resolution scholars have recognized that regardless of the
ultimate outcome, if a significant stakeholder is absent from a final decision
affecting their interests, they will likely oppose the decision. Melling, supra
note 13, at 1677.





n224  The 9 Billion-People Question, Economist, Feb. 24, 2011,
http://www.economist.com/node/18200618.





n225  Press Release, House Comm. on Foreign Affairs, supra note 208.





n226  Press Release, House Comm. on Foreign Affairs, supra note 208.





n227  Agust[#xED]-Panareda, supra note 169, at 24, 29-30.





n228  Agust[#xED]-Panareda, supra note 169, at 29.





n229  Agust[#xED]-Panareda, supra note 169, at 29-30.





n230  Agust[#xED]-Panareda, supra note 169, at 29-30.





n231  Inskeep, supra note 157 (concerning opposition to Bush's proposals);
Abbott, supra note 123(concerning opposition to Obama's proposals).





n232  CONWAY, supra note 8.


                             606 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - History

                               February 16, 2017

                                 Rite Aid Corp

                                 30 Hunter Lane
                              Camp Hill 17011-2400
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * HISTORY * * * * * * * * * *


2016 - Commercial Operation

   In August, Rite Aid and EnvisionRx, subsidiary of Rite Aid, collaborated
together to enhance its Rx90 program, that amend medication adherence and health
outcomes for customers with chronic conditions.

2016 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   In June, RAC inaugurated its new distribution center in Spartanburg, S.C.

2016 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   In September, Rite Aid expanded their Naloxone Dispensing Program to
Kentucky, Ohio, Oregon and Vermont without a prescription of the medicine.

2016 - Plans/Strategy

   In December, the company and Walgreens Boots Alliance plans to sell 865 Rite
Aid stores to Fred's Pharmacy for US$950 million in cash.

2015 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   In February, Rite Aid and Envision Pharmaceutical Services entered into a
definitive agreement under which Rite Aid will acquire Envision Pharmaceutical
Services for US$2 billion.

2015 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   In June, the company acquired Envision Pharmaceutical Services Co., from TPG
Capital.

2015 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   In February, Rite Aid Corporation announced opening of 24 RediClinics inside
select Rite Aid pharmacies in the greater Baltimore/Washington D.C and
Philadelphia markets.

2015 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   In March, the company opened a new store in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.

2015 - New Products/Services

   In December, American Express Serve joined forces with Dollar General and
Rite Aid to expand its Free Cash Reload network.

2015 - New Products/Services

   In December, the corporation communicated about the usage of EQuIPP
information management platform.

2015 - New Products/Services

   In February, the company launched a Receutics Active Skin Repair Line at more
than 200 New Jersey and Seattle-area Rite Aid stores and online.

2015 - New Products/Services

   In November, Rite Aid Corporation and Harmony announced the availability of
select genetic tests in all Rite Aid pharmacies.

2015 - Plans/Strategy

   In July, the company announced its plans of constructing a 900,000 square
foot distribution center in Spartanburg, South Carolina .

2015 - Plans/Strategy

   In September, Rite Aid plans to acquire the 12 in-store pharmacies of The
Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Company (A&P) for a consideration of US$8.1
million.

2014 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   In April, Rite Aid acquired RediClinic, one of the leading operators of
retail clinics in the US.

2014 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   In April, Rite Aid acquired RediClinic.

2014 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   In April, the company acquired Boston-based Health Dialog Services
Corporation, a provider of health coaching.

2014 - Contracts/Agreements

   In June, the company has signed a partnership agreement with Penn State
Hershey Health System to Expand its alliance program.

2014 - Contracts/Agreements

   In November, the company with Physician Direct ACO entered into partnership
agreement to expand Rite Aid Health Alliance Program.

2014 - Corporate Awards

   In April, the company was awarded Specialty Pharmacy accreditation from URAC,
a health care accreditation organization that establishes quality standards for
the health care industry.

2014 - Others

   In March, the company introduced innovative health alliance program, a
pioneering health management collaboration among various healthcare providers to
improve patient health and treatment outcomes.

2013 - Contracts/Agreements

   In December 2013, the company extended its partnership with GNC, a leading
global specialty retailer of health and wellness products through 2019.

2012 - Corporate Awards

   In February, the company received the American Pharmacists Association's
Award for its multi-faceted 2011-12 pharmacy immunization program.

2012 - New Products/Services

   In August, the company launched the new Load2Card Feature, which
automatically loads special reward earned when certain items or groups of items
are purchased, for its Wellness+ Members customers.

2012 - New Products/Services

   In February, the company launched two new flavours, namely, Blueberry
Cheesecake and Chocolate Lovers, under its Thrifty Ice Cream.

2011 - Contracts/Agreements

   In September, the company entered into an agreement with OptumHealth to
launch NowClinic Online Care services to its customers in the greater Detroit
area.

2011 - New Products/Services

   In February, the company expanded its free prescription delivery service to
over 400 Rite Aid pharmacies in the greater New York metro area including
northern New Jersey.

2011 - New Products/Services

   In July, the company launched new flavors and varieties of its Thrifty Ice
Cream such as, nonfat frozen yogurt and take-home pint containers.

2010 - Contracts/Agreements

   In May, the company entered into a partnership with the Skin Cancer
Foundation to promote free skin cancer screenings, safe summer skin care.

2010 - Contracts/Agreements

   The company announced that it teamed up with American Dental Association on
national oral health awareness campaign.

2010 - Contracts/Agreements

   The company announced that it teamed up with the American Diabetes
Association to raise awareness and funds for its national Stop Diabetes
campaign.

2010 - New Products/Services

   In April, the company introduced Tugaboos, a new private brand baby care
line.

2010 - New Products/Services

   In April, the company launched free wellness+ customer rewards program
nationwide, offering health and wellness benefits and member-only discounts.

2010 - New Products/Services

   The company announced that it expanded its exclusive Rx suncare line with Rx
suncare sport SPF 70 and Rx suncare hairguard.

2009 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   In January, the company closed its Bohemia, New York Distribution Center.

2009 - Divestiture

   In February, the company entered into an agreement to sell seven locations in
downtown San Francisco and five Rite Aid locations in eastern Idaho to
Walgreens.

2009 - New Products/Services

   In March, Rite Aid launched Rx suncare line and men's M5 Magnum Razor.

2008 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company expanded its over the counter product portfolio with the
expansion of generic medication to over 500.

2008 - Contracts/Agreements

   Medstar Health and Rite Aid entered into an agreement to launch health
clinics in Rite Aid Stores with consumer health services.

2008 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   Saint Alphonsus and Rite Aid opened Caldwell Express care clinic.

2008 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   The company reopened 9 stores in the New Orleans area that accommodate both
Rite Aid and non-Rite Aid customers.

2008 - New Products/Services

   Rite Aid and Lindora offered free weight management program and information
to help people look and feel great.

2008 - New Products/Services

   Rite Aid launched new exclusive skin care, bath and body lines nationwide.

2008 - New Products/Services

   Rite Aid started its new Automated Courtesy Refill program which made it
easier to refill the prescriptions.

2007 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   Rite Aid completed the acquisition of the Brooks and Eckerd drugstore chains.


2006 - New Products/Services

   Rite Aid started Vitamin Initiative program.

2005 - New Products/Services

   Rite Aid started offering flu and pneumonia immunization clinics.

2003 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   In 2003, Mary Sammons became the President and the Chief Executive Officer
(CEO) of the company and former CEO, Bob Miller became the Chairman of the
Board.

2003 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   Rite Aid restarted its store development program.

2001 - New Products/Services

   Rite Aid launched three new exclusive lines of bath and body products.

2000 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   Rite Aid sold PCS to Advance Paradigm.

1999 - Contracts/Agreements

   Rite Aid entered into an alliance with the internet pharmacy drugstore.com,
which offers online health, beauty and pharmacy products. Now, the customers can
order prescriptions online at drugstore.com for same-day pick-up at a Rite Aid
store.

1999 - Contracts/Agreements

   Rite Aid signed a strategic partnership with General Nutrition Companies,
Inc.

1998 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   Rite Aid acquired PCS Health Systems Inc.

1997 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   Rite Aid sold the Bi-Mart Membership Discount Stores to Bi-Mart Acquisition
Corporation.

1996 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   Rite Aid expanded its services to the west coast through the acquisition of
the 1,000-store chain, Thrifty PayLess Holdings, Inc.

1996 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   Rite Aid started the operations in Gulf Coast region with the acquisitions of
Tuscaloosa, AL based Harco, Inc. and New Orleans, LA based K & B Incorporated.
It added 332 stores to Rite Aid.

1995 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   Rite Aid acquired Perry Drug Stores, the largest drugstore chain in Michigan.


1987 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   Rite Aid acquired 420 stores in Florida, Maryland, Washington D.C., Delaware,
Indiana, New York, Ohio, Virginia, West Virginia, North Carolina and
Pennsylvania.

1983 - Commercial Operation

   Rite aid crossed the $1 billion sales mark for the first time.

1981 - Commercial Operation

   Rite Aid had become the third largest retail drugstore chain in the country.

1970 - Others

   Rite Aid moved to the New York Stock Exchange.

1968 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   The company was officially named Rite Aid Corporation, in 1968.

1968 - Stock Listings/IPO

   The company made its first public offering and started trading on the
American Stock Exchange.

1962 - Incorporation/Establishment

   Rite Aid opened its first store as Thrif D Discount Center in Scranton,
Pennsylvania.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Investment Analysis
Corporate Strategy                      Company Overview
Company Statement                       Events
Financial Ratios                        History
Investments                             Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
SWOT Analysis                           Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2017


                             607 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       Copyright 2016 Gale Research, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
          Gale Directory of Special Libraries and Information Centers

                                      2016

             The Old Jail Art Center - Robert E. Nail, Jr. Archives

                                 201 S 2nd St.
                               Albany,  TX 76430
                                      USA

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (325)762-2269
URL: http://theoldjailartcenter.org/library-and-archives
E-MAIL: archivist@theoldjailartcenter.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
FOUNDED: 1980
ORGANIZATION TYPE: Nonprofit
EMPLOYEES: Molly Sauder, Archivist, Librarian.

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
OFFICERS: Molly Sauder, Archivist, Librarian

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

FOUNDED: 1980.
STAFF: Professional 7.
SUBJECT:

     ·    Texas; history.


SPECIAL COLLECTIONS:

     ·    Albany High School Ex-Student Association Collection; Albany ISD
          Papers Preliminary Finding Aid; Albany Lions Club Papers Preliminary
          Finding Aid; Bill Bomar Papers Preliminary Finding Aid; Blanton Family
          Papers Preliminary Finding Aid; Bob Green Papers Finding Aid; Book
          Collection; Caldwell Family Papers Finding Aid; Census Records
          (1870-1920); Clarke Family Papers Preliminary Finding Aid; Coates
          Family Collection Preliminary Finding Aid; District Judge Photograph
          Collection Preliminary Finding Aid; Evaline Sellors Papers Finding
          Aid; Elsa Turner Papers Preliminary Finding Aid; Fort Griffin
          Fandangle Collection Finding Aid; Fort Griffin Records; Helen Lieb
          Papers; Historical Sketches of Stephens County Preliminary Finding
          Aid; Ida Laster Huckabay Collection Preliminary Finding Aid; Ledbetter
          Picket House Committee Papers Preliminary Finding Aid;
          Ledger/Scrapbook Collection; Louis (Bill) H. Hill Collection
          Preliminary Finding Aid; Magazine Collection; McCarty Family Papers;
          Newspaper Collection (1876-1970); Old Timer and Junior Historian
          Collection; Personage Research Files; Photograph Collection; Reilly
          Nail Papers Finding Aid; Robert E. Nail, Jr. Papers Finding Aid;
          Shackelford County Court Records; Shackelford County Historical
          Commission Papers; Shackelford County Jail Records; Shackelford County
          Ranching Industry Records; Shackelford County Vertical File; Soil
          Conservation Map Collection; Ty Cashion Papers Preliminary Finding
          Aid; Webb Family Papers Finding Aid; Webb and Hill Business Records.


HOLDINGS:

     ·    Books; photographs; official documents; reports; maps; newspapers;
          microfilms.


SERVICES:

     ·    Archives open to the public.


* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
MARKETS:

     ·    Americana
     ·    Texas


LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2016


                             608 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       Copyright 2016 Gale Research, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
          Gale Directory of Special Libraries and Information Centers

                                      2016

             The Old Jail Art Center - Robert E. Nail, Jr. Archives

                                 201 S 2nd St.
                               Albany,  TX 76430
                                      USA

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (325)762-2269
URL: http://theoldjailartcenter.org/library-and-archives
E-MAIL: archivist@theoldjailartcenter.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
FOUNDED: 1980
ORGANIZATION TYPE: Nonprofit
EMPLOYEES: Molly Sauder, Archivist, Librarian.

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
OFFICERS: Molly Sauder, Archivist, Librarian

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

FOUNDED: 1980.
STAFF: Professional 7.
SUBJECT:

     ·    Texas; history.


SPECIAL COLLECTIONS:

     ·    Albany High School Ex-Student Association Collection; Albany ISD
          Papers Preliminary Finding Aid; Albany Lions Club Papers Preliminary
          Finding Aid; Bill Bomar Papers Preliminary Finding Aid; Blanton Family
          Papers Preliminary Finding Aid; Bob Green Papers Finding Aid; Book
          Collection; Caldwell Family Papers Finding Aid; Census Records
          (1870-1920); Clarke Family Papers Preliminary Finding Aid; Coates
          Family Collection Preliminary Finding Aid; District Judge Photograph
          Collection Preliminary Finding Aid; Evaline Sellors Papers Finding
          Aid; Elsa Turner Papers Preliminary Finding Aid; Fort Griffin
          Fandangle Collection Finding Aid; Fort Griffin Records; Helen Lieb
          Papers; Historical Sketches of Stephens County Preliminary Finding
          Aid; Ida Laster Huckabay Collection Preliminary Finding Aid; Ledbetter
          Picket House Committee Papers Preliminary Finding Aid;
          Ledger/Scrapbook Collection; Louis (Bill) H. Hill Collection
          Preliminary Finding Aid; Magazine Collection; McCarty Family Papers;
          Newspaper Collection (1876-1970); Old Timer and Junior Historian
          Collection; Personage Research Files; Photograph Collection; Reilly
          Nail Papers Finding Aid; Robert E. Nail, Jr. Papers Finding Aid;
          Shackelford County Court Records; Shackelford County Historical
          Commission Papers; Shackelford County Jail Records; Shackelford County
          Ranching Industry Records; Shackelford County Vertical File; Soil
          Conservation Map Collection; Ty Cashion Papers Preliminary Finding
          Aid; Webb Family Papers Finding Aid; Webb and Hill Business Records.


HOLDINGS:

     ·    Books; photographs; official documents; reports; maps; newspapers;
          microfilms.


SERVICES:

     ·    Archives open to the public.


* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
MARKETS:

     ·    Americana
     ·    Texas


LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2016


                             609 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                             April 26, 2010 Monday
                                National Edition

Aid spending must grow, in spite of waste: Oxfam

BYLINE: Richard Foot, Canwest News Service

SECTION: CANADA; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 454  words

DATELINE: HALIFAX


Billions of public dollars have been wasted on corrupt and ineffective foreign-
aid programs over the past several decades, but even so, rich countries must fix
such flaws and increase their spending on development aid, says a new report by
Oxfam International.

The report's release coincides with this week's gathering of international
development ministers from the G8 nations. Bev Oda, federal Minister of
International Co-operation, will host her G8 counterparts in Halifax for a
three-day meeting starting today. One of the issues for discussion will be Prime
Minister Stephen Harper's new foreign-aid priority of improving maternal health
care in the world's poorest countries.

"I haven't seen a concrete public explanation of what Canada wants to do," said
Mark Fried, Oxfam Canada's policy coordinator. "Hopefully Canada is trying to
build a consensus on this with other G8 countries. I hope they'll confirm their
belief in it this week, and put specific, new money on the table for maternal
health."

Oxfam, an independent aid agency with decades of experience in the world's
poorest regions, says rich governments need to drastically increase funding to
maternal health care and numerous other social and economic aid projects.

Canada spends 0.33% of its gross national income on foreign aid, mostly in
Afghanistan, our largest aid recipient.

While calling for such spending to rise, Oxfam also acknowledges what a growing
chorus of critics are saying: that foreign aid efforts are often beset by waste,
corruption and outright failure. "Clearly it is impossible to argue that no aid
is wasted," says the report, 21st Century Aid: Recognizing Success and Tackling
Failure. "Aid is touched by corruption ... [and] aid dependency is an issue that
needs attention."

Oxfam agrees that too much aid spending is determined by the wishes of donors,
rather than the needs of recipients.

It says aid efforts also fail when development spending is coupled with military
goals -- such as in Afghanistan -- or handed over without accountability to
corrupt governments, or misspent on third-party consultants rather than actual
projects on the ground.

It also agrees in part with Dambisa Moyo, the influential aid critic from
Zambia, who has argued that foreign aid leads to economic dependency and
laziness in recipient countries.

But Oxfam says such problems are not reasons to abolish aid, but to fix it.

"It is true that not all aid works, and that a lot of it could work better.
[But] pulling the plug on aid now, or even in five or 10 years time, would
almost certainly result in vast increases in poverty, the collapse of burgeoning
health and education systems, and major reverses in the progress that has been
made," the report says.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White
Photo: Jose Cendon, AFP, Getty Images Files; A mother with her child in Rwanda,
where Oxfam says foreign aid has been properly directed to health and education.
Elsewhere billions in aid are being wasted, Oxfam warns, with the charity
calling on rich nations to fix delivery flaws.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             610 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                              May 5, 2016 Thursday

Do donor agencies need to be accountable?

BYLINE: Syed Muhammad Ali

LENGTH: 753  words


The world is still reeling from the shock of the Panama leaks which have
revealed the enormous scale of the corruption and tax-dodging problem facing the
world. Multilateral development agencies like the IMF and the World Bank have
been quick to admit the need to address these problems, and have stressed the
need to prevent tax flows and the accumulation of ill-gotten wealth within
developing countries in particular, in order to address lingering problems of
widespread poverty and lacklustre growth. The need to improve accountability and
transparency are evident measures which can help prevent the sorts of problems
highlighted by the Panama leaks, yet many multilateral and bilateral aid
agencies themselves need to put their own houses in order as well.

While the World Bank emphasises transparency within developing countries, it is
not a very accountable institution itself, given its lopsided governance
structures which remain dominated by powerful countries, particularly the US.
Nor is the World Bank very accountable when its policy prescriptions of
instigating growth or alleviating poverty go sour.

Foreign aid provided by bilateral aid agencies is also quite problematic. Major
bilateral donors, including European countries and the US, do not always provide
aid to the developing world on the basis of need. In fact, if need were the
basis for qualifying for aid, it would be the poorest countries in the world
which would be recipients of most aid. Aid statistics repeatedly show that this
is not the case. Instead, international aid continues to be used as a legitimate
tool to exert influence over much of the developing world.

Moreover, foreign aid agencies do not traditionally consider themselves
accountable to those whom their money is supposed to help. Poor countries become
increasingly indebted, especially when aid comes in the form of loans, yet their
citizens have little say over how money meant for them should be spent.

Demands for aid transparency have been increasing alongside the urgent need for
using aid effectively to contend with numerous global crises, ranging from
climate change to man-made and natural disasters, and conflicts which spill over
the confines of national borders in the form of refugee crises and security
threats. Thus far, however, only a quarter of aid meets transparency standards.
Many major donors have failed to honour commitments made back in 2011 to publish
details of their development projects using a common standard, known as the
International Aid Transparency Initiative.

Almost all countries and development organisations which provide aid across the
developing world have adequate structures in place to provide transparent data
concerning their aid efforts if they so choose. Yet, only 10 out of 46 of the
largest and most influential donors provided enough information about their
programmes.

Organisations like the UNDP, Unicef, some bilateral development agencies, and
multilateral agencies such as the Asian Development Bank or the African
Development Bank are quite good about providing data concerning their work.
However, the World Bank's investment arm, known as the International Finance
Corporation, the IMF and the UN's Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian
Affairs are not so diligent. One of the largest donors of bilateral aid, the
USAID, was also ranked poorly (19 on the list of 45 major donors) on the basis
of its accountability. The Japanese Aid Agency did worse and was ranked 33rd.
The Gates Foundation, which is one of the largest philanthropic organisations in
the world, ranked 30th. Newer bilateral donors such as China and the UAE were
ranked at the bottom due to their absolute lack of transparency, which is
problematic since both these countries have aspirations to become major donors.

Poor information concerning aid leads to major problems. Aid agencies need to be
accountable not only to their own taxpayers, but to the governments and the
people of countries which are recipients of this aid. Providing more information
about aid would prevent duplication of efforts by different aid agencies, enable
recipient governments to plan out their development efforts more effectively,
and empower citizens in recipient countries to hold their governments
accountable for spending in-coming aid money responsibly. Recognising the aid
transparency and accountability shortcomings of the current international aid
system is thus vital to ultimately ensure that the provided aid can actually
reach those most in need.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             611 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            China Daily - US Edition

                            July 22, 2015 Wednesday

Free legal aid program sees expansion

LENGTH: 1373  words


Qin Zhihui, better known by his online alias Qin Huohuo, became "famous" for
spreading rumors.

Justice Ministry plans to increase the number of people and cases that qualify
for assistance

Qin Zhihui, better known by his online alias Qin Huohuo, became "famous" for
spreading rumors.

From 2011 to 2013, the former employee of a Beijing marketing and planning
company fabricated stories on 10 micro blogs to attract public attention. He
slandered celebrities, including popular television hosts Yang Lan and China
Disabled Persons' Federation President Zhang Haidi, and he posted a comment
saying the government had paid more than 200 million yuan ($32.2 million) to
compensate a foreign victim who died in a 2011 train incident in Wenzhou,
Zhejiang province - a fabrication.

The 30-year-old said he did all of this to seek fame and fortune. But when he
was arrested in 2013, the young man from a poor family did not have enough money
for a lawyer, so he applied for free legal aid and was accepted.

What surprised him was that the designated lawyer tried her best to help him get
lenient punishment.

"I didn't expect I would get lenient punishment, considering the bad social
influence of my case," said Qin, who was sentenced in Beijing Chaoyang People's
Court in April 2014 to three years in prison for defamation and causing trouble.

"The lawyer actively defended me during the court hearing, and the court
accepted some of her defense opinions when handing down the prison term."

Sun Xiaoyang, the designated lawyer for Qin, was paid only 2,000 yuan from the
Beijing Legal Aid Center for her service in Qin's case, but she said money was
not her concern. "What I care about most is helping people in need to obtain
their legal rights rather than seeking benefits," she said.

After Qin was detained in September 2013, Sun immediately applied to meet him in
the detention house to tell him his legal rights and learn about the case. She
met with Qin more than 10 times during the whole legal process. She went to the
prosecuting department to read the case files, actively exchange evidence and
discuss her concerns with prosecutors before the court hearing to streamline the
issues and exclude illegal evidence.

"The difficulty I encountered was more technical - there were lots of electronic
documents and I needed to compare them with each other to discover the
differences and flaws to provide new evidence to the court," she said.

Qin was one of the more than 1 million people who received free legal aid
services last year.

Cases go up 9 percent

Statistics provided by the Ministry of Justice show that national legal aid
departments under local justice authorities concluded 1.24 million legal aid
cases last year, and offered aid to 1.39 million people, a year-on-year increase
of 9 percent. Meanwhile, the amount of legal aid funding reached 1.7 billion
yuan last year, an increase of 4.8 percent compared with 2013.

As China transforms its political and economic growth model, social conflicts
are rising sharply, and the interests of vulnerable groups are at stake. Zhao
Dacheng, vice-minister of justice, said the ministry has been trying to improve
the 20-year-old legal aid system, and one of the big moves is to lower the
threshold and expand the number of people who can receive free legal aid in a
bid to protect their rights.

Free legal aid will now be extended to those involved in civil disputes and
criminal cases involving people's livelihoods, such as marriage and family, food
safety, education and healthcare, he said.

Meanwhile, people with very low incomes and those who don't hire lawyers will
also be eligible for free legal aid, he said.

The moves are in response to a key meeting hosted by President Xi Jinping in
May. According to the meeting, legal aid is an important livelihood project, and
the protection of people's rights and interests should be taken as the new
starting and ending points.

"The purpose of improving legal aid is to expand the scope of free aid services
and improve its quality so that eligible people will get legal aid and have
equal access to justice," Xi said at the meeting.

In June, authorities issued a notice that listed measures for this goal, which
can better protect people's legitimate rights, Zhao said.

"Now, once suspects are detained by the police, lawyers can immediately meet
with them in the detention house to offer legal assistance. ... But before, once
criminals were detained, the lawyers had no means to meet or get in contact with
them for 48 hours," he said.

"In the past, the police also wouldn't tell the lawyers about progress in the
investigation, which seriously violates suspects' legal rights. Now, once
suspects are captured, lawyers will provide them free legal aid services during
the whole judicial procedure, such as police interrogation, prosecution and
court sentencing to protect their human rights."

In addition to expanding the number of people eligible for legal aid, another
measure listed in the notice is to broaden people's access to legal aid.
According to Sun Jian-ying, director of the ministry's legal aid department,
3,700 legal aid centers have been set up across the country, with more than
4,700 lawyers offering free legal aid services, including providing legal
consultation, representing criminal cases and mediating civil disputes.

Now, the ministry plans to set up more legal aid working stations in local
detention houses and courts.

To date, more than 1,500 legal aid working offices have been established in
detention houses across the country, and the ministry will set up local legal
aid working stations in the pilot courts to offer legal consultation to the
parties involved in appeal cases, she said.

People who are unable to move easily, such as the elderly and the disabled, can
use the hotline 12348 or the websites of local legal aid departments, she said.

Websites and hotlines have proved to be effective tools for people with demands
for legal aid. According to statistics provided by the ministry, 6.8 million
people applied for legal assistance last year, and most of them sought
consultations through the websites or hotline.

In Jiangsu and Hubei provinces and Beijing, justice departments now regularly
publicize legal aid information on their micro blogs or WeChat accounts.
Designated lawyers also offer legal consulting on these social media platforms,
she said.

Li Xuelian, a senior official at the ministry's legal aid department, said that
among the legal aid services they handled, more than 80 percent were civil
cases, with most related to payment and employment disputes, marriage and
domestic affairs and traffic accidents. Others were criminal cases and
administrative litigation.

The notice also highlighted the priority of accelerating legislation for the
country's legal aid service.

Quality control encouraged

When the legislation is complete, "appropriate authorities could clarify their
tasks and work closely to improve the quality and professionalism of legal
assistance and protect people's legitimate rights", said Zheng Huiyun, director
of the Beijing Legal Aid Department.

She said the application procedures for legal aid services should be regulated,
and more effort should be devoted to evaluating the quality of legal aid
services and the mechanism for handling complaints from recipients of legal aid.

In addition, authorities, including the Ministry of Finance, should invest
special funds to support the legal aid program and increase lawyers' subsidies
for legal assistance. At present, a lawyer only receives an average of 1,500
yuan for a civil case and 1,200 yuan for a criminal case, she said.

According to Sun of the legal aid department, the ministry plans to invest at
least 400 million yuan to support legal aid this year, and it also plans to
increase lawyers' subsidies for legal assistance.

Sun said the legal aid departments under local justice authorities will also
establish an online updated database of legal aid recipients.

zhangyan1@chinadaily.com.cn

Staff members from a legal aid center in Xi'an, Shaanxi province, visit Wang
Chang'an (second from right). Wang, who lives in Gaoling county, asked for legal
advice after being injured. Liu Xiao / Xinhua

(China Daily USA 07/22/2015 page5)

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1496


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             612 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            July 22, 2015 Wednesday

Free legal aid program sees expansion

BYLINE: Zhang Yan

LENGTH: 1372  words


Qin Zhihui, better known by his online alias Qin Huohuo, became "famous" for
spreading rumors.

Justice Ministry plans to increase the number of people and cases that qualify
for assistance

Qin Zhihui, better known by his online alias Qin Huohuo, became "famous" for
spreading rumors.

From 2011 to 2013, the former employee of a Beijing marketing and planning
company fabricated stories on 10 micro blogs to attract public attention. He
slandered celebrities, including popular television hosts Yang Lan and China
Disabled Persons' Federation President Zhang Haidi, and he posted a comment
saying the government had paid more than 200 million yuan ($32.2 million) to
compensate a foreign victim who died in a 2011 train incident in Wenzhou,
Zhejiang province - a fabrication.

The 30-year-old said he did all of this to seek fame and fortune. But when he
was arrested in 2013, the young man from a poor family did not have enough money
for a lawyer, so he applied for free legal aid and was accepted.

What surprised him was that the designated lawyer tried her best to help him get
lenient punishment.

"I didn't expect I would get lenient punishment, considering the bad social
influence of my case," said Qin, who was sentenced in Beijing Chaoyang People's
Court in April 2014 to three years in prison for defamation and causing trouble.

"The lawyer actively defended me during the court hearing, and the court
accepted some of her defense opinions when handing down the prison term."

Sun Xiaoyang, the designated lawyer for Qin, was paid only 2,000 yuan from the
Beijing Legal Aid Center for her service in Qin's case, but she said money was
not her concern. "What I care about most is helping people in need to obtain
their legal rights rather than seeking benefits," she said.

After Qin was detained in September 2013, Sun immediately applied to meet him in
the detention house to tell him his legal rights and learn about the case. She
met with Qin more than 10 times during the whole legal process. She went to the
prosecuting department to read the case files, actively exchange evidence and
discuss her concerns with prosecutors before the court hearing to streamline the
issues and exclude illegal evidence.

"The difficulty I encountered was more technical - there were lots of electronic
documents and I needed to compare them with each other to discover the
differences and flaws to provide new evidence to the court," she said.

Qin was one of the more than 1 million people who received free legal aid
services last year.

Cases go up 9 percent

Statistics provided by the Ministry of Justice show that national legal aid
departments under local justice authorities concluded 1.24 million legal aid
cases last year, and offered aid to 1.39 million people, a year-on-year increase
of 9 percent. Meanwhile, the amount of legal aid funding reached 1.7 billion
yuan last year, an increase of 4.8 percent compared with 2013.

As China transforms its political and economic growth model, social conflicts
are rising sharply, and the interests of vulnerable groups are at stake. Zhao
Dacheng, vice-minister of justice, said the ministry has been trying to improve
the 20-year-old legal aid system, and one of the big moves is to lower the
threshold and expand the number of people who can receive free legal aid in a
bid to protect their rights.

Free legal aid will now be extended to those involved in civil disputes and
criminal cases involving people's livelihoods, such as marriage and family, food
safety, education and healthcare, he said.

Meanwhile, people with very low incomes and those who don't hire lawyers will
also be eligible for free legal aid, he said.

The moves are in response to a key meeting hosted by President Xi Jinping in
May. According to the meeting, legal aid is an important livelihood project, and
the protection of people's rights and interests should be taken as the new
starting and ending points.

"The purpose of improving legal aid is to expand the scope of free aid services
and improve its quality so that eligible people will get legal aid and have
equal access to justice," Xi said at the meeting.

In June, authorities issued a notice that listed measures for this goal, which
can better protect people's legitimate rights, Zhao said.

"Now, once suspects are detained by the police, lawyers can immediately meet
with them in the detention house to offer legal assistance. ... But before, once
criminals were detained, the lawyers had no means to meet or get in contact with
them for 48 hours," he said.

"In the past, the police also wouldn't tell the lawyers about progress in the
investigation, which seriously violates suspects' legal rights. Now, once
suspects are captured, lawyers will provide them free legal aid services during
the whole judicial procedure, such as police interrogation, prosecution and
court sentencing to protect their human rights."

In addition to expanding the number of people eligible for legal aid, another
measure listed in the notice is to broaden people's access to legal aid.
According to Sun Jian-ying, director of the ministry's legal aid department,
3,700 legal aid centers have been set up across the country, with more than
4,700 lawyers offering free legal aid services, including providing legal
consultation, representing criminal cases and mediating civil disputes.

Now, the ministry plans to set up more legal aid working stations in local
detention houses and courts.

To date, more than 1,500 legal aid working offices have been established in
detention houses across the country, and the ministry will set up local legal
aid working stations in the pilot courts to offer legal consultation to the
parties involved in appeal cases, she said.

People who are unable to move easily, such as the elderly and the disabled, can
use the hotline 12348 or the websites of local legal aid departments, she said.

Websites and hotlines have proved to be effective tools for people with demands
for legal aid. According to statistics provided by the ministry, 6.8 million
people applied for legal assistance last year, and most of them sought
consultations through the websites or hotline.

In Jiangsu and Hubei provinces and Beijing, justice departments now regularly
publicize legal aid information on their micro blogs or WeChat accounts.
Designated lawyers also offer legal consulting on these social media platforms,
she said.

Li Xuelian, a senior official at the ministry's legal aid department, said that
among the legal aid services they handled, more than 80 percent were civil
cases, with most related to payment and employment disputes, marriage and
domestic affairs and traffic accidents. Others were criminal cases and
administrative litigation.

The notice also highlighted the priority of accelerating legislation for the
country's legal aid service.

Quality control encouraged

When the legislation is complete, "appropriate authorities could clarify their
tasks and work closely to improve the quality and professionalism of legal
assistance and protect people's legitimate rights", said Zheng Huiyun, director
of the Beijing Legal Aid Department.

She said the application procedures for legal aid services should be regulated,
and more effort should be devoted to evaluating the quality of legal aid
services and the mechanism for handling complaints from recipients of legal aid.

In addition, authorities, including the Ministry of Finance, should invest
special funds to support the legal aid program and increase lawyers' subsidies
for legal assistance. At present, a lawyer only receives an average of 1,500
yuan for a civil case and 1,200 yuan for a criminal case, she said.

According to Sun of the legal aid department, the ministry plans to invest at
least 400 million yuan to support legal aid this year, and it also plans to
increase lawyers' subsidies for legal assistance.

Sun said the legal aid departments under local justice authorities will also
establish an online updated database of legal aid recipients.

zhangyan1@chinadaily.com.cn

Staff members from a legal aid center in Xi'an, Shaanxi province, visit Wang
Chang'an (second from right). Wang, who lives in Gaoling county, asked for legal
advice after being injured. Liu Xiao / Xinhua

(China Daily 07/22/2015 page5)

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             613 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                                 July 22, 2015

Free legal aid program sees expansion

BYLINE: Zhang Yan

LENGTH: 1372  words


Qin Zhihui, better known by his online alias Qin Huohuo, became "famous" for
spreading rumors.

Justice Ministry plans to increase the number of people and cases that qualify
for assistance

Qin Zhihui, better known by his online alias Qin Huohuo, became "famous" for
spreading rumors.

From 2011 to 2013, the former employee of a Beijing marketing and planning
company fabricated stories on 10 micro blogs to attract public attention. He
slandered celebrities, including popular television hosts Yang Lan and China
Disabled Persons' Federation President Zhang Haidi, and he posted a comment
saying the government had paid more than 200 million yuan ($32.2 million) to
compensate a foreign victim who died in a 2011 train incident in Wenzhou,
Zhejiang province - a fabrication.

The 30-year-old said he did all of this to seek fame and fortune. But when he
was arrested in 2013, the young man from a poor family did not have enough money
for a lawyer, so he applied for free legal aid and was accepted.

What surprised him was that the designated lawyer tried her best to help him get
lenient punishment.

"I didn't expect I would get lenient punishment, considering the bad social
influence of my case," said Qin, who was sentenced in Beijing Chaoyang People's
Court in April 2014 to three years in prison for defamation and causing trouble.

"The lawyer actively defended me during the court hearing, and the court
accepted some of her defense opinions when handing down the prison term."

Sun Xiaoyang, the designated lawyer for Qin, was paid only 2,000 yuan from the
Beijing Legal Aid Center for her service in Qin's case, but she said money was
not her concern. "What I care about most is helping people in need to obtain
their legal rights rather than seeking benefits," she said.

After Qin was detained in September 2013, Sun immediately applied to meet him in
the detention house to tell him his legal rights and learn about the case. She
met with Qin more than 10 times during the whole legal process. She went to the
prosecuting department to read the case files, actively exchange evidence and
discuss her concerns with prosecutors before the court hearing to streamline the
issues and exclude illegal evidence.

"The difficulty I encountered was more technical - there were lots of electronic
documents and I needed to compare them with each other to discover the
differences and flaws to provide new evidence to the court," she said.

Qin was one of the more than 1 million people who received free legal aid
services last year.

Cases go up 9 percent

Statistics provided by the Ministry of Justice show that national legal aid
departments under local justice authorities concluded 1.24 million legal aid
cases last year, and offered aid to 1.39 million people, a year-on-year increase
of 9 percent. Meanwhile, the amount of legal aid funding reached 1.7 billion
yuan last year, an increase of 4.8 percent compared with 2013.

As China transforms its political and economic growth model, social conflicts
are rising sharply, and the interests of vulnerable groups are at stake. Zhao
Dacheng, vice-minister of justice, said the ministry has been trying to improve
the 20-year-old legal aid system, and one of the big moves is to lower the
threshold and expand the number of people who can receive free legal aid in a
bid to protect their rights.

Free legal aid will now be extended to those involved in civil disputes and
criminal cases involving people's livelihoods, such as marriage and family, food
safety, education and healthcare, he said.

Meanwhile, people with very low incomes and those who don't hire lawyers will
also be eligible for free legal aid, he said.

The moves are in response to a key meeting hosted by President Xi Jinping in
May. According to the meeting, legal aid is an important livelihood project, and
the protection of people's rights and interests should be taken as the new
starting and ending points.

"The purpose of improving legal aid is to expand the scope of free aid services
and improve its quality so that eligible people will get legal aid and have
equal access to justice," Xi said at the meeting.

In June, authorities issued a notice that listed measures for this goal, which
can better protect people's legitimate rights, Zhao said.

"Now, once suspects are detained by the police, lawyers can immediately meet
with them in the detention house to offer legal assistance. ... But before, once
criminals were detained, the lawyers had no means to meet or get in contact with
them for 48 hours," he said.

"In the past, the police also wouldn't tell the lawyers about progress in the
investigation, which seriously violates suspects' legal rights. Now, once
suspects are captured, lawyers will provide them free legal aid services during
the whole judicial procedure, such as police interrogation, prosecution and
court sentencing to protect their human rights."

In addition to expanding the number of people eligible for legal aid, another
measure listed in the notice is to broaden people's access to legal aid.
According to Sun Jian-ying, director of the ministry's legal aid department,
3,700 legal aid centers have been set up across the country, with more than
4,700 lawyers offering free legal aid services, including providing legal
consultation, representing criminal cases and mediating civil disputes.

Now, the ministry plans to set up more legal aid working stations in local
detention houses and courts.

To date, more than 1,500 legal aid working offices have been established in
detention houses across the country, and the ministry will set up local legal
aid working stations in the pilot courts to offer legal consultation to the
parties involved in appeal cases, she said.

People who are unable to move easily, such as the elderly and the disabled, can
use the hotline 12348 or the websites of local legal aid departments, she said.

Websites and hotlines have proved to be effective tools for people with demands
for legal aid. According to statistics provided by the ministry, 6.8 million
people applied for legal assistance last year, and most of them sought
consultations through the websites or hotline.

In Jiangsu and Hubei provinces and Beijing, justice departments now regularly
publicize legal aid information on their micro blogs or WeChat accounts.
Designated lawyers also offer legal consulting on these social media platforms,
she said.

Li Xuelian, a senior official at the ministry's legal aid department, said that
among the legal aid services they handled, more than 80 percent were civil
cases, with most related to payment and employment disputes, marriage and
domestic affairs and traffic accidents. Others were criminal cases and
administrative litigation.

The notice also highlighted the priority of accelerating legislation for the
country's legal aid service.

Quality control encouraged

When the legislation is complete, "appropriate authorities could clarify their
tasks and work closely to improve the quality and professionalism of legal
assistance and protect people's legitimate rights", said Zheng Huiyun, director
of the Beijing Legal Aid Department.

She said the application procedures for legal aid services should be regulated,
and more effort should be devoted to evaluating the quality of legal aid
services and the mechanism for handling complaints from recipients of legal aid.

In addition, authorities, including the Ministry of Finance, should invest
special funds to support the legal aid program and increase lawyers' subsidies
for legal assistance. At present, a lawyer only receives an average of 1,500
yuan for a civil case and 1,200 yuan for a criminal case, she said.

According to Sun of the legal aid department, the ministry plans to invest at
least 400 million yuan to support legal aid this year, and it also plans to
increase lawyers' subsidies for legal assistance.

Sun said the legal aid departments under local justice authorities will also
establish an online updated database of legal aid recipients.

zhangyan1@chinadaily.com.cn

Staff members from a legal aid center in Xi'an, Shaanxi province, visit Wang
Chang'an (second from right). Wang, who lives in Gaoling county, asked for legal
advice after being injured. Liu Xiao / Xinhua

(China Daily 07/22/2015 page5)

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             614 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 16, 2015 Monday

Associate Director of Financial Aid

LENGTH: 718  words


Washington, D.C.: American Bankers Association has issued the following job
release:

Associate Director of Financial Aid
Job ID:  22597070
Position Title:  Associate Director of Financial Aid
Company Name:  Southern Oregon University
Industry:  Financial Aid Administration
Job Function:  Executive / Management
Entry Level:  No
Location(s):  Ashland, Oregon, 97520, United States

Posted:  March 16, 2015
Job Type:  Full-Time
Job Duration:  Indefinite
Min Education:  BA/BS/Undergraduate
Min Experience:  3-5 Years
Required Travel:  0-10%
Salary:  $47,000.00 - $47,000.00 (Yearly Salary)
APPLY FOR THIS JOB
Contact Person:  Patricia McAuley  Phone:  541-552-6163
Email Address:  mcauleyp@sou.edu
Apply URL:  http://jobs.sou.edu/postings/3710
Save Job  Email Job  Print Job
Job Description

The Financial Aid Office serves as custodians of federal, state, institutional
and private funds thereby insuring that students receive all funds for which
they are legally entitled. The Financial Aid program has specific regulatory
management requirements that necessitate the development of procedures to ensure
compliance, consistency in the treatment of students, and the efficient delivery
of aid. The Financial Aid Office provides current and complete information
concerning financial aid programs, policies and application procedures while
providing adequate guidance and counseling in financial planning. The Financial
Aid Office works to enhance enrollment and retention of students by
administering and/or coordinating nearly $50 million of aid for 82% of SOU's
5,524 students. The Associate Director assists in the overall direction and
leadership of the Financial Aid Office by: assisting in the development of
office policies, supervising financial aid counselors, training staff on file
review, verification and computer programs, providing consumer information
through one on one counseling and financial aid presentations, reviewing and
evaluating financial aid files, and serve as acting Director in the Director's
absence. The Associate Director is responsible for the overall management of
several financial aid programs including: Federal Pell Grant (almost $10 million
annually for nearly 2,500 students), FederalTEACH Grant program ($55,000
annually for 16 students), and The Return of Title IV funds withdrawal
calculations and determinations of appropriate treatment for students with NC/M
grades and those completing zero credits. The Associate Director manages the
quality assurance program with the Director and oversees the SAP process each
term. The Associate Director provides verbal and written interpretation of
rules, policies, procedures and laws to the public regarding the application
process and receipt of federal, state, and institutional aid, private
scholarships and loans. The Associate Director must ensure compliance to federal
and state regulations while processing financial aid applications from initial
need analysis to packaging and revising offers of assistance. The Associate
Director assists the Director with Banner Financial Aid programming and system
set-up. Ability to work with a diverse population is a must.
Job Requirements

Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor degree from a regionally accredited institution
of higher learning. Minimum of three years' experience with increased
responsibility in analyzing/advising/monitoring programs and processes in a
financial aid office. Significant experience with Banner Financial Aid software;
Common Origination and Disbursement (COD) processes and reconciliation;
EdConnect software; supervision of financial aid staff. Outstanding critical
thinking skills, written and oral communication skills. Ability to prioritize
work, multi-task, and handle interruptions in a courteous manner. Adaptable to
changing work environments, guidelines, regulations and tasks.

Preferred Qualifications: Master's degree from a regionally accredited
institution of higher learning Experience in giving presentations (high school
financial aid, college fairs, etc.). Experience updating and troubleshooting
Banner Financial Aid. Experience making professional judgment decisions,
including extensive work with Satisfactory Academic Progress.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             615 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2014 Wednesday

Emory celebrates 10 years of inspiring AIDS awareness with Quilt on the Quad

LENGTH: 892  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


Emory University has issued the following news release:


Emory celebrates 10 years of inspiring AIDS awareness with Quilt on the Quad

By Megan McRainey | Nov. 24, 2014
Story image
Emory observance will include a display of about 800 panels from the AIDS
Memorial Quilt, speakers, a community fair and free HIV testing. Emory
Photo/Video.

PrintPrint
More Sharing ServicesShare
Resources »

Emory Quilt on the Quad

World AIDS Day

Emory Center for AIDS Research

The Names Project Foundation
Tags »

Faculty, Staff, Students, Events, Health, University, AIDS, School of Medicine,
School of Nursing, School of Public Health, Woodruff Health Sciences Center,
Yerkes

World AIDS Day events

Dec. 1 is World AIDS Day. Emory has several related events planned that week to
build awareness for HIV and AIDS.

o Quilt on the Quad
Dec. 1, 10 a.m. - 4 p.m.
Quad
Quilt display, speakers at noon, performances, free HIV testing and a
community-partner fair

o "Deep South" film screening and panel discussion
Dec. 2, 7 p.m.
Harland Cinema

o Lecture and Q&A with Ambassador Deborah Birx, director of the Global AIDS
Program, U.S. Department of State
Dec. 4, 4 p.m.
Claudia Nance Rollins Building, Room 8030

In the everyday hustle and bustle of living, it can be easy for some students to
overlook big issues that don't necessarily directly touch their lives -- like
the worldwide AIDS epidemic. But on Dec. 1, it will be hard to overlook the
massive quilt on Emory's quad in honor of World AIDS Day.

"In the world we live in at Emory, it's not a prevalent issue that most of us
think about in our daily lives. It's important to help remind the public, even
if it's just that one day. They'll walk by the quilt and think about it at least
for those few minutes," says Rachel Wolfman, a junior majoring in marketing and
director of marketing for the event.

This year marks the 10th anniversary of Emory's Quilt on the Quad, the largest
collegiate display of AIDS memorial quilt panels in the U.S. The event, to be
held Dec. 1 from 10 a.m. until 4 p.m., will include speakers Guido Silvestri, an
AIDS researcher, and Doug Shipman, CEO of the Center for Civil and Human Rights,
at noon; a community fair with booths from local non-profits and business who
support the fight against AIDS; and, for the first time, on-site, free HIV tests
for students. The HIV test requires only a cheek swab, no needles involved.

The AIDS Memorial Quilt was founded in 1987 and now contains more than 48,000
individual panels, each measuring 3 feet by 6 feet and honoring a person who
died as a result of AIDS.

Each year, Emory student organizers receive around 800 quilt panels to display.
Panels will be arranged in the shape of a ribbon for this year's event,
harkening to the iconic red ribbon used to raise AIDS awareness, says Jessica
Moore, a junior majoring in neuroscience/behavioral biology and co-president of
the Quilt on the Quad event. While the plan is to display the quilt on the quad,
the rain location for the display will be the DUC Terraces, Moore adds.

This year, Quilt on the Quad will emphasize both the national and international
urgency of the fight against AIDS, says Moore, who has a personal mission to
promote AIDS awareness.

"I have a direct connection to AIDS - my aunt was an AIDS victim when I was 4.
She has a quilt and we bring it out every year. That's what sparked my interest.
But I actually didn't know that much about AIDS growing up, it was a sort of
mystical disease to me, a lot of rumors," Moore says.

Now that more is known about AIDS and there are better treatments available in
the U.S., many have let the issue move to the backburner in their minds, Moore
says.

"The fact is, in a global sense, there's no way we're even half-way done with
the battle against AIDS. As a developed country, it's very easy to forget that,"
Moore says.

The CDC estimates that 1.14 million people in the U.S. are living with HIV, with
roughly 50,000 new infections per year. Of those who are HIV positive, almost 16
percent do not know their status. According to the World Health Organization,
approximately 35 million people worldwide are living with HIV/AIDS; sub-Saharan
Africa is the most affected region, with 24.7 million living with HIV.

Emory physicians, scientists and educators have played a key role in HIV/AIDS
discovery and treatment from the earliest days of the epidemic. Emory
researchers invented HIV/AIDS drugs currently used by more than 94 percent of
U.S. patients and thousands more globally. They developed and continue to test
promising vaccines. Emory physicians treat and counsel thousands of HIV/AIDS
patients each year, and teach and train new physicians and research leaders.

The Emory Center for AIDS Research (CFAR) provides support for 245 Emory and
affiliated faculty, research fellows and post-doctoral fellows who conduct
research locally (at Emory University, Morehouse School of Medicine, and in the
Atlanta community), nationally and throughout the world.

The NAMES Project Foundation Inc., headquartered in Atlanta, is the
international curator of the AIDS Memorial Quilt. The foundation was established
with the mission of preserving, caring for and using the AIDS Memorial Quilt to
inspire action, heighten awareness and foster healing in the age of AIDS.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             616 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 14, 2014 Friday

Student Financial Aid Assistant II - Ancillary Funding

LENGTH: 1751  words

DATELINE: Arlington


National Defense Industrial Association has issued the following Job Vacancy:


Job Summary

Company
    Golden West College
Location
    Huntington Beach, CA
Industries
    Education
Job Type
    Full Time
    Employee
Contact Information
    Golden West College
    Phone:  apply online

Student Financial Aid Assistant II - Ancillary Funding
About the Job

Golden West College


Student Financial Aid Assistant II - Ancillary Funding

G-009-15

$42,504.[#x200b]00 - $51,684.[#x200b]00 Annually

Apply by: 10/[#x200b]30/[#x200b]/[#x200b]2014


Complete job description and application available online at:
http://agency.[#x200b]governmentjobs.[#x200b]com/[#x200b]cccd/[#x200b]default.[#
x200b]cfm?[#x200b]transfer=[#x200b]1


Under the general supervision of the Financial Aid Director, to assist in the
daily operations of the Financial Aid Office; including intake, scanning, and
posting of student financial aid documents; provide general student financial
aid information to students and the community; perform annual review of student
financial aid records to include satisfactory academic progress and enrollment
verification; perform other duties as assigned as related to student financial
aid.[#x200b]


DISTINGUISHING CHARACTERISTICS:

The Student Financial Aid Assistant II  is assigned to the day to day technical
duties in addition to general clerical work related to the assignment.[#x200b]
Positions assigned to this classification have a general knowledge of financial
aid programs and procedures to independently assist students, staff, and
community members at the front counter, over the phone, and through written and
electronic correspondence.[#x200b]


EXAMPLES OF DUTIES:  Duties may include, but are not limited to, the following:

a.[#x200b]    Disseminate student financial aid information to students,
parents, and staff members in orientation sessions or one-on-one; by telephone
and email, and at outreach events as needed.[#x200b]

b.[#x200b]    Answer telephone, email, and written inquiries; perform general
reception and clerical assistance for the office.[#x200b]  Schedule appointments
for students with the Financial Aid Technicians, Financial Aid Specialists, for
orientations, and other sessions as necessary.[#x200b]

c.[#x200b]    Assist other department staff with the coordination of student
financial aid to include Title IV programs and all state aid programs; enter and
retrieve data in the federal and state database systems.[#x200b]

d.[#x200b]    Interpret, explain, process, and input Board of Governors Fee
Waiver - BOGFW - Program applications online and in paper forms.[#x200b]  Assist
with the input of Board of Governors Fee Waiver Applications during DSPS and
EOPS registration cycles.[#x200b]

e.[#x200b]    Review and process incoming student documents for accuracy and
completion.[#x200b]

f.[#x200b]    Enter data in computer system; scan documents; create and maintain
student files in electronic or paper form; retrieve and execute standard
computer reports from the student database system and the student financial aid
database system; assist with the input of CSAC requirements into WebGrants;
assist with the input of Federal Work Study time cards.[#x200b]

g.[#x200b]    Assist in the review and screening of student financial aid
applicants to include assistance with online and paper application processes for
federal and state programs.[#x200b]

h.[#x200b]    Monitor satisfactory academic progress and enrollment of student
financial aid recipients; input the results into the student financial aid
system.[#x200b]

i.[#x200b]    Assist in the intake and scanning of confidential data for state
and federal reports, including student and parent confidential tax and income
information.[#x200b]

j.[#x200b]    Assist in the validation of student financial aid application
accuracy for state and federal programs.[#x200b]

k.[#x200b]    Receive training when needed to remain current on Federal and
State student financial aid regulations.[#x200b]

l.[#x200b]    Adapt to changes in procedures and methodologies as required by
changes in Federal and State financial aid programs and laws.[#x200b]

m.[#x200b]    Act as the lead for hourly and student assistant counter personnel
in the student financial aid office.[#x200b]

n.[#x200b]    Assist with the training of hourly and student assistant counter
personnel in the student financial aid office.[#x200b]

o.[#x200b]    Maintain the college's administrative requirements for student
financial aid and separation of duties compliance requirements for state and
federal student financial aid.[#x200b]

p.[#x200b]    Perform other related job duties as assigned.[#x200b]


MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS


Knowledge of:

1.[#x200b]    Student financial aid District, college, state and federal
practices, policies, regulations and procedures.[#x200b]

2.[#x200b]    Student financial aid record-keeping techniques as related to
student and parent information.[#x200b]

3.[#x200b]    Applicable sections of State Education Code, federal and state
guidelines for student financial aid and other applicable laws.[#x200b]

4.[#x200b]    District organization, policies and procedures, and objectives of
the student financial aid program.[#x200b]

5.[#x200b]    Complex computerized systems and applications as related to
student financial aid, to include federal and state reporting database
systems.[#x200b]

6.[#x200b]    Applicable student financial aid terminology.[#x200b]

7.[#x200b]    Standard office practices, procedures and equipment, including use
of computers, applicable software, and document scanners.[#x200b]


Ability to:

8.[#x200b]    Interpret and apply applicable sections of State Education Code,
District and college policies and procedures, federal and state regulations and
other applicable laws as related to student financial aid.[#x200b]

9.[#x200b]    Maintain confidentiality of student and parent records in
accordance with FERPA, state, District and college guidelines, policies and
procedures.[#x200b]

10.[#x200b]    Perform a variety of complex reviews and maintenance procedures
regarding student financial aid applications and documents.[#x200b]

11.[#x200b]    Assist college staff with reports, and general support with
District, federal and state financial application methods as related to student
financial aid.[#x200b]

12.[#x200b]    Operate various computer database systems, applicable software,
and other standard office equipment.[#x200b]

13.[#x200b]    Work independently and effectively with minimal
supervision.[#x200b]

14.[#x200b]    Communicate effectively both orally and in writing.[#x200b]

15.[#x200b]    Understand and follow work directions verbally and in
writing.[#x200b]

16.[#x200b]    Plan and organize work to meet schedules and time lines.[#x200b]

17.[#x200b]    Adapt to and learn new technology.[#x200b]

18.[#x200b]    Provide work direction and guidance to hourly and student
assistants.[#x200b]

19.[#x200b]    Demonstrate understanding of, sensitivity to, and respect for the
diverse academic, socio-economic, ethnic, cultural, disability, religious
background and sexual orientation of community colleges students, faculty, and
staff.[#x200b]

20.[#x200b]    Establish and maintain cooperative and effective working
relationships with others.[#x200b]


Education and Experience:

21.[#x200b]    Education equivalent to one year of college course work in
business administration, accounting or other related field.[#x200b]

22.[#x200b]    One year of experience in monitoring and maintaining computerized
student financial aid records including one year of general clerical experience
in a related educational or student financial aid environment.[#x200b]

23.[#x200b]    Or, any combination of education and experience that would
provide the required equivalent qualifications.[#x200b]


Conditions of Employment:

This is a temporary, full time, 12 month per year, specially funded
position.[#x200b] The normal hours of work are to be arranged between 8:00
a.[#x200b]m.[#x200b] and 5:00 p.[#x200b]m.[#x200b], Monday through
Friday.[#x200b]  The effective date of employment will be arranged with the
supervisor.[#x200b]


PAY PHILOSOPHY: Starting salaries for support staff positions begin at Step-1 of
the salary range.[#x200b] Employees hired prior to April 1 of each year will
move to the next step on the upcoming July 1.[#x200b] Employees hired on or
after April 1 of each year will move to the next step the following July
1.[#x200b] All movement on the salary schedule will occur July 1 of each year
for all classified employees.[#x200b]


APPLICATION PROCEDURES:

Applications must be received no later than the posted closing date.[#x200b]
There are NO EXCEPTIONS.[#x200b]  Electronic applications may be completed by
visiting www.[#x200b]cccd.[#x200b]edu/[#x200b]employment   Once you have
completed an electronic application, you may apply to open positions within the
Coast Community College District by submitting the application and all other
required materials.[#x200b] Required materials differ for each open position and
must be complete when submitted for a specific posting.[#x200b] Instructions for
completing applications and applying to posted positions are available online or
by calling Applicant Processing at (714) 438-4714.[#x200b]


All application materials become the property of the Coast Community College
District and will NOT be copied or returned.[#x200b] Information for TDD users
is available by calling (714) 438-4755.[#x200b]


Application Requirements:

To be considered for employment you must submit a complete application
packet.[#x200b] A complete application packet includes:


1.[#x200b]A complete Classified/[#x200b]Management Employment
Application.[#x200b]

2.[#x200b]A current resume.[#x200b] (Attached as a separate document.[#x200b])

3.[#x200b]A cover letter highlighting your qualifications for the desired
position.[#x200b] (Attached as a separate document.[#x200b])

4.[#x200b]Answers to Supplemental Questions.[#x200b]

To ensure consistency and fairness to all applicants, please do not submit
materials in addition to those requested.[#x200b]  Additional materials will not
be considered or returned.[#x200b]  Be sure to complete all questions and
sections of the application.[#x200b] For questions which may not apply, indicate
"n/[#x200b]a" (not applicable).[#x200b] If you do not know an answer, please
indicate so, but do not leave any space blank.[#x200b]


All applications will be screened under a process of utmost confidentiality by a
committee of representatives from the college community.[#x200b] Please note:
Possession of the minimum qualifications does not ensure an interview.[#x200b]


Any documents that you are unable to attach can be faxed to (714)
782-6065.[#x200b] Faxes must clearly indicate the job you are applying to and
your name.[#x200b]


Disability Accommodations:

If you require accommodations in the Application or Examination Process, please
notify Human Resources by calling (714) 438-4714 OR (714) 438-4713.[#x200b]


PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORK ENVIRONMENT

The physical demands are representative of those that must be met by an employee
to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.[#x200b]

The work environment characteristics are representative of those an employee
encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.[#x200b]

Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to
perform the essential functions.[#x200b]

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             617 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 14, 2014 Friday

Student Financial Aid Assistant II - Ancillary Funding

LENGTH: 1751  words

DATELINE: Arlington


National Defense Industrial Association has issued the following Job Vacancy:


Job Summary

Company
    Golden West College
Location
    Huntington Beach, CA
Industries
    Education
Job Type
    Full Time
    Employee
Contact Information
    Golden West College
    Phone:  apply online

Student Financial Aid Assistant II - Ancillary Funding
About the Job

Golden West College


Student Financial Aid Assistant II - Ancillary Funding

G-009-15

$42,504.[#x200b]00 - $51,684.[#x200b]00 Annually

Apply by: 10/[#x200b]30/[#x200b]/[#x200b]2014


Complete job description and application available online at:
http://agency.[#x200b]governmentjobs.[#x200b]com/[#x200b]cccd/[#x200b]default.[#
x200b]cfm?[#x200b]transfer=[#x200b]1


Under the general supervision of the Financial Aid Director, to assist in the
daily operations of the Financial Aid Office; including intake, scanning, and
posting of student financial aid documents; provide general student financial
aid information to students and the community; perform annual review of student
financial aid records to include satisfactory academic progress and enrollment
verification; perform other duties as assigned as related to student financial
aid.[#x200b]


DISTINGUISHING CHARACTERISTICS:

The Student Financial Aid Assistant II  is assigned to the day to day technical
duties in addition to general clerical work related to the assignment.[#x200b]
Positions assigned to this classification have a general knowledge of financial
aid programs and procedures to independently assist students, staff, and
community members at the front counter, over the phone, and through written and
electronic correspondence.[#x200b]


EXAMPLES OF DUTIES:  Duties may include, but are not limited to, the following:

a.[#x200b]    Disseminate student financial aid information to students,
parents, and staff members in orientation sessions or one-on-one; by telephone
and email, and at outreach events as needed.[#x200b]

b.[#x200b]    Answer telephone, email, and written inquiries; perform general
reception and clerical assistance for the office.[#x200b]  Schedule appointments
for students with the Financial Aid Technicians, Financial Aid Specialists, for
orientations, and other sessions as necessary.[#x200b]

c.[#x200b]    Assist other department staff with the coordination of student
financial aid to include Title IV programs and all state aid programs; enter and
retrieve data in the federal and state database systems.[#x200b]

d.[#x200b]    Interpret, explain, process, and input Board of Governors Fee
Waiver - BOGFW - Program applications online and in paper forms.[#x200b]  Assist
with the input of Board of Governors Fee Waiver Applications during DSPS and
EOPS registration cycles.[#x200b]

e.[#x200b]    Review and process incoming student documents for accuracy and
completion.[#x200b]

f.[#x200b]    Enter data in computer system; scan documents; create and maintain
student files in electronic or paper form; retrieve and execute standard
computer reports from the student database system and the student financial aid
database system; assist with the input of CSAC requirements into WebGrants;
assist with the input of Federal Work Study time cards.[#x200b]

g.[#x200b]    Assist in the review and screening of student financial aid
applicants to include assistance with online and paper application processes for
federal and state programs.[#x200b]

h.[#x200b]    Monitor satisfactory academic progress and enrollment of student
financial aid recipients; input the results into the student financial aid
system.[#x200b]

i.[#x200b]    Assist in the intake and scanning of confidential data for state
and federal reports, including student and parent confidential tax and income
information.[#x200b]

j.[#x200b]    Assist in the validation of student financial aid application
accuracy for state and federal programs.[#x200b]

k.[#x200b]    Receive training when needed to remain current on Federal and
State student financial aid regulations.[#x200b]

l.[#x200b]    Adapt to changes in procedures and methodologies as required by
changes in Federal and State financial aid programs and laws.[#x200b]

m.[#x200b]    Act as the lead for hourly and student assistant counter personnel
in the student financial aid office.[#x200b]

n.[#x200b]    Assist with the training of hourly and student assistant counter
personnel in the student financial aid office.[#x200b]

o.[#x200b]    Maintain the college's administrative requirements for student
financial aid and separation of duties compliance requirements for state and
federal student financial aid.[#x200b]

p.[#x200b]    Perform other related job duties as assigned.[#x200b]


MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS


Knowledge of:

1.[#x200b]    Student financial aid District, college, state and federal
practices, policies, regulations and procedures.[#x200b]

2.[#x200b]    Student financial aid record-keeping techniques as related to
student and parent information.[#x200b]

3.[#x200b]    Applicable sections of State Education Code, federal and state
guidelines for student financial aid and other applicable laws.[#x200b]

4.[#x200b]    District organization, policies and procedures, and objectives of
the student financial aid program.[#x200b]

5.[#x200b]    Complex computerized systems and applications as related to
student financial aid, to include federal and state reporting database
systems.[#x200b]

6.[#x200b]    Applicable student financial aid terminology.[#x200b]

7.[#x200b]    Standard office practices, procedures and equipment, including use
of computers, applicable software, and document scanners.[#x200b]


Ability to:

8.[#x200b]    Interpret and apply applicable sections of State Education Code,
District and college policies and procedures, federal and state regulations and
other applicable laws as related to student financial aid.[#x200b]

9.[#x200b]    Maintain confidentiality of student and parent records in
accordance with FERPA, state, District and college guidelines, policies and
procedures.[#x200b]

10.[#x200b]    Perform a variety of complex reviews and maintenance procedures
regarding student financial aid applications and documents.[#x200b]

11.[#x200b]    Assist college staff with reports, and general support with
District, federal and state financial application methods as related to student
financial aid.[#x200b]

12.[#x200b]    Operate various computer database systems, applicable software,
and other standard office equipment.[#x200b]

13.[#x200b]    Work independently and effectively with minimal
supervision.[#x200b]

14.[#x200b]    Communicate effectively both orally and in writing.[#x200b]

15.[#x200b]    Understand and follow work directions verbally and in
writing.[#x200b]

16.[#x200b]    Plan and organize work to meet schedules and time lines.[#x200b]

17.[#x200b]    Adapt to and learn new technology.[#x200b]

18.[#x200b]    Provide work direction and guidance to hourly and student
assistants.[#x200b]

19.[#x200b]    Demonstrate understanding of, sensitivity to, and respect for the
diverse academic, socio-economic, ethnic, cultural, disability, religious
background and sexual orientation of community colleges students, faculty, and
staff.[#x200b]

20.[#x200b]    Establish and maintain cooperative and effective working
relationships with others.[#x200b]


Education and Experience:

21.[#x200b]    Education equivalent to one year of college course work in
business administration, accounting or other related field.[#x200b]

22.[#x200b]    One year of experience in monitoring and maintaining computerized
student financial aid records including one year of general clerical experience
in a related educational or student financial aid environment.[#x200b]

23.[#x200b]    Or, any combination of education and experience that would
provide the required equivalent qualifications.[#x200b]


Conditions of Employment:

This is a temporary, full time, 12 month per year, specially funded
position.[#x200b] The normal hours of work are to be arranged between 8:00
a.[#x200b]m.[#x200b] and 5:00 p.[#x200b]m.[#x200b], Monday through
Friday.[#x200b]  The effective date of employment will be arranged with the
supervisor.[#x200b]


PAY PHILOSOPHY: Starting salaries for support staff positions begin at Step-1 of
the salary range.[#x200b] Employees hired prior to April 1 of each year will
move to the next step on the upcoming July 1.[#x200b] Employees hired on or
after April 1 of each year will move to the next step the following July
1.[#x200b] All movement on the salary schedule will occur July 1 of each year
for all classified employees.[#x200b]


APPLICATION PROCEDURES:

Applications must be received no later than the posted closing date.[#x200b]
There are NO EXCEPTIONS.[#x200b]  Electronic applications may be completed by
visiting www.[#x200b]cccd.[#x200b]edu/[#x200b]employment   Once you have
completed an electronic application, you may apply to open positions within the
Coast Community College District by submitting the application and all other
required materials.[#x200b] Required materials differ for each open position and
must be complete when submitted for a specific posting.[#x200b] Instructions for
completing applications and applying to posted positions are available online or
by calling Applicant Processing at (714) 438-4714.[#x200b]


All application materials become the property of the Coast Community College
District and will NOT be copied or returned.[#x200b] Information for TDD users
is available by calling (714) 438-4755.[#x200b]


Application Requirements:

To be considered for employment you must submit a complete application
packet.[#x200b] A complete application packet includes:


1.[#x200b]A complete Classified/[#x200b]Management Employment
Application.[#x200b]

2.[#x200b]A current resume.[#x200b] (Attached as a separate document.[#x200b])

3.[#x200b]A cover letter highlighting your qualifications for the desired
position.[#x200b] (Attached as a separate document.[#x200b])

4.[#x200b]Answers to Supplemental Questions.[#x200b]

To ensure consistency and fairness to all applicants, please do not submit
materials in addition to those requested.[#x200b]  Additional materials will not
be considered or returned.[#x200b]  Be sure to complete all questions and
sections of the application.[#x200b] For questions which may not apply, indicate
"n/[#x200b]a" (not applicable).[#x200b] If you do not know an answer, please
indicate so, but do not leave any space blank.[#x200b]


All applications will be screened under a process of utmost confidentiality by a
committee of representatives from the college community.[#x200b] Please note:
Possession of the minimum qualifications does not ensure an interview.[#x200b]


Any documents that you are unable to attach can be faxed to (714)
782-6065.[#x200b] Faxes must clearly indicate the job you are applying to and
your name.[#x200b]


Disability Accommodations:

If you require accommodations in the Application or Examination Process, please
notify Human Resources by calling (714) 438-4714 OR (714) 438-4713.[#x200b]


PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORK ENVIRONMENT

The physical demands are representative of those that must be met by an employee
to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.[#x200b]

The work environment characteristics are representative of those an employee
encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.[#x200b]

Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to
perform the essential functions.[#x200b]

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             618 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                            August 26, 2014 Tuesday

Aid and effectiveness

LENGTH: 1152 words

DATELINE: Nepal


Nepal, Aug. 26 -- Nepal recently unveiled a new foreign aid policy, even as a
debate on the effectiveness of aid rages on in the country. The document, titled
Development Cooperation Policy (DCP) 2014, is an important departure from the
earlier Foreign Aid Policy 2002. In this context, it would be useful to look
beyond Nepal and observe the global trend of foreign aid.

Aid realities

Even though Official Development Assistance (ODA) throughout the world increased
by 6.1 percent and reached new heights of $134.8 billion in 2013, the General
Secretary for the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD)
reports that assistance to some of the neediest countries is falling. The
distribution of aid is not equal, neither on regional nor national terms. In
2013, Afghanistan and Puerto Rico, for instance, were the largest recipients of
ODA. In South Asia, Pakistan, India, Bangladesh and Nepal appear respectively on
this list of recipients after Afghanistan.

However, both developing and least developed countries (LDCs) are on the same
list of ODA recipients. Countries with high per capita incomes, like South
Africa ($7,314), Brazil ($11,340) and Turkey ($10,600) get a sizable chunk of
ODA whereas LDCs like Nepal, Bangladesh, Myanmar, Ethiopia, Sudan, Niger, and
Malawi still have to compete for more aid. Likewise, India has been consistently
growing for a long time and spends more than $32 billion in defence. And though
it is not a member of the Development Assistance Committee, India still provides
development assistance to many LDCs including Nepal. Despite this, India figures
high on the list of ODA recipients. Does India really need foreign aid? No, but
ODA is not merely a monetary phenomenon; it is a reflection of the close ties
between nations.

Misinformed criticism

The importance of foreign aid has not lessened, despite the fact that it is
being misused and its effectiveness questioned everywhere. Authorities in Nepal
are often blamed for being donor driven and not serious about screening foreign
aid. Some argue that foreign aid simply promotes the interest of donors,
creating conducive conditions for interference and support for a corrupt
government; aid, thus, is not directed at the betterment of the poor and
destitute.

But much of this criticism is either a result of misinformation or ignorance. As
a February 2012 editorial in The Hindustan Times read, "Developing country
elites dislike aid because it smells of dependency, neo-colonialism and reminds
them of domestic policy failure." A 2012 impact study of foreign aid in 36
African countries found a positive impact of foreign aid on several
macroeconomic variables, including growth. It should be understood that
investment levels in developing countries is quite low because of low savings,
low foreign currency reserves and insufficient revenue. This gap needs to be
filled, which is mostly done through foreign aid.

In his book Does Foreign Aid Really Work, Roger C Riddle writes that each year
millions of children are immunised, receive basic health care, go to schools,
are provided with clean water and sanitation, and hundreds of classrooms and
kilometres of roads are built in developing countries, all through foreign aid.

Nepal has been receiving aid since the 1950s and its volume and frequency has
been ever increasing. All our periodic plans have been implemented with at least
50 percent external aid. Major highways, power plants and important social and
economic infrastructures have all been built with donor support. This implies
that the level of development we have achieved so far would have not been
possible in the absence of external aid. So at this stage, we cannot opt for low
or no aid, but what we can do is screen and go for effective aid.

A fresh start

The government's new aid document aims to address concerns relating to aid
effectiveness. To do so, it has specified and fixed broad conditions and some
thresholds for loans, grants and technical assistance. In the past, maximum
flexibility was exercised in the area of development cooperation with
development partners. This has been streamlined in the new aid policy. Also, the
use of new terms like 'development cooperation' instead of 'foreign aid', and
'development partner' rather that 'donor' are welcome changes. The Ministry of
Finance, however, could have a difficult time interpreting the Policy to the
heterogonous development partners.

The new policy is not without its own set of challenges either. One problem is
the provision that projects costing less than $5 million will not be proposed
for donor support. And donors will also have to comply with this provision.
Likewise, it also sets a threshold of $10 million and $20 million for soft loans
and loans from Exim Banks.

There are many instances of donors providing less than $5 million in aid. For
instance, on July 14, 2013 Nepal and Japan signed a grant agreement for 149
million Japanese Yen for election support. The Chinese government also provided
about the same size of support for elections. And generally, support from UN
agencies rarely cross the $5 million threshold for a project.

Nonetheless, projects costing less than $5 million risk cost escalation or
manipulation and even lose funding altogether. The policy does, however, hint
that the government should be able to finance such small cost projects itself
and not be dependent on external sources. Still, we have to be alert about
keeping our development partnerships intact. Likewise, the modalities of
development cooperation we have with some partners also need revision.

For a nation that is compelled to allocate millions of rupees every year for low
priorities use and where more than 50 percent of its development expenditure is
being met by development partners, it could be very risky discouraging aid. No
doubt, there are problems in managing foreign aid in Nepal and it could be
argued that aid has distorted our habit of thriftiness and self-reliance. Yet,
we need to understand where the problems lie-is it in the aid itself or the
principle and practices we have adopted in managing aid?

If we delve into the Development Cooperation Report (DCR) 2014, we find that
some development partners are committing around $5 million and others, less than
that. But there is diversity in development cooperation. So we have to be
cautious about the monopoly of richer and bigger nations in our development. The
DCR reveals a situation where 36 percent of external support is already being
provided through off-budget mechanisms. So there are dangers of further
diversion of resources to INGO and the private sector instead of it going
through the government system, as planned by the document.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from EKantipur.com. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             619 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                            December 2, 2013 Monday

Need for spreading awareness on HIV/AIDS stressed

SECTION: Vol. X No. 230

LENGTH: 527  words


The number of injecting drug users in gradually increasing in parts of the
provincial capital, fearing the spread of HIV/AIDS among people, warned a health
on Sunday.

Consultant Anti Drugs/Narcotics Campaign Syed Zulfiqar Hussain shared this
observation. He said Chubraje Park, Laksmi Chowk, Queens Road, Data Darbar, Ali
Park, Lari Ada and Band road were a major Injecting drug users areas but the
Walled City had become a hub of such addicts where they use injections to
consume drugs.

He said different departments and NGOs were positively working against HIV/
AIDS, adding if we unite and work under one umbrella therefore we can reduce and
minimise the use of drugs and HIV/AIDS problems in the society.

He further said 'getting to zero' was an idea that's too fantastic and probably
only suitable for slogan, from 2011 to 2015, 'Getting to Zero' is the slogan for
World AIDS Day, devoted to raising awareness of HIV/AIDS and strengthening
support for HIV-positive people and those who are affected by AIDS. He said NGOs
could play vital role to sensitise the issues, good and positive message also
could prevent against HIV and drugs.

Meanwhile, Director General Health Punjab Dr Zahid Pervaiz has said that Punjab
government has allocated Rs 1.5 billion for prevention, diagnose and treatment
of HIV/AIDS and the government was spending Rs 0.1 million annually on each AIDS
patient.

He was addressing a media consultative seminar on AIDS held in connection with
World AIDS Day at a local hotel. Senior journalists, columnists and
representatives of electronic and print media attended the seminar.

Director Punjab AIDS Control Programme Dr Salman Shahid, AIDS Control Officer of
UNICEF Dr Nasir Sarfraz and representatives of social organizations were also
present. DG general health said media was rendering invaluable services for
promoting public awareness regarding diseases and there was a need to intensify
these efforts.

Director Punjab AIDS Control Programme Dr Salman Shahid said the Punjab
government was providing all funds to Punjab AIDS Control Programme for 2010. He
said the ratio of HIV patients among people was 0.1 percent in Punjab, 38
percent among addicts who inject drugs through syringes, 2.8 percent in
transgender and 0.3 percent in female sex workers. He said Punjab AIDS Control
Programme was providing diagnostic and treatment facilities through its nine
consultative test centers, 13 diagnostic centers and nine treatment centers. He
said all medicines for treatment of AIDS were being provided free of charge by
the Punjab government and these medicines were not available in the market.

The journalists gave proposals for controlling AIDS and change of attitude
towards AIDS patients in the society. It was proposed that AIDS test before
marriage be made compulsory and legislation be carried out for this purpose.
AIDS Control Officer of UNICEF Dr Nasir Sarfraz said there was a growing
awareness about the seriousness of this issue in the society and people were
getting inclined towards HIV tests due to which an increase in HIV carriers was
being reported. He said that all HIV positive patients were not necessarily AIDS
patients.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             620 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Capital

                                  June 3, 2013

Aid and Africa

LENGTH: 1377 words


Orthodox approaches treat international aid as a critical factor for redressing
capital deficiencies in poor nations, boosting local demand and supply and,
through positive multiplier effects, establishing conditions for sustainable
long-term growth. However, the reasons for providing aid are varied and complex.
And the impacts and consequences are often unpredictable and unwanted.


Donors expect aid to induce governments to adopt policies and programmes that
lead to improved economic performance as well as facilitate the implementation
of such programmes. The reality, however, is that aid is driven by other
motivations. International aid is integral to donor countries' development
cooperation policies which in turn are defined by their foreign and security
policies. Donors use aid to create and foster the impression among recipient
countries that it can help them; it has rather promoted the interests of donors.

African countries, since their independence in the 1960s, were and still are
compelled to accept aid because of their continued weakness and economic
vulnerability, and their urgent short-term needs. The economic justification for
aid is based on a perceived inherent lack of capacity of the African continent
to rescue itself from the quagmire of poverty and crisis. It is indeed an
undeniable fact that for the last 50 years almost all African countries due to a
number of reasons, not only are compelled to accept aid, but also vocally demand
international aid to even just survive.
But in Africa much of the story is totally different. There is an acceleration
of economic development. While the West is in crisis, and while China and India
are showing signs of economic fatigue, the economies of most African countries
continue to grow at an average rate of between 6-7% per annum.
The prevailing progress of Africa is not only on GDP growth, but also on the
reduction of foreign aid. As the domestic private sector becomes the engine of
growth across much of Africa, an increasing number of African countries are
beginning to step away from aid dependency. Currently, at least a third of
African countries receive aid that is equivalent to less than 10 percent of
their tax revenue.
According to a comprehensive look at African resource mobilization by the
African Economic Outlook 2011 report, on average, Africa has managed to raise an
estimated USD 441 in taxes per person per year while receiving USD 41 per person
per year in aid.
In the discourse of aid and Africa, groups which advocate the continuity of aid
to Africa argue that international aid indeed stirs economic growth in Africa.
Their calls for more aid to Africa are growing louder, with their pushing for
doubling the roughly USD 50 billion of international assistance that already
goes to Africa each year. They argued with empirical evidence that Kenya's
development for instance, is donor-driven, but aid has been useful in building
sustainable infrastructure. In similar fashion, Ethiopia's infrastructure
development is donor assisted. Many road and infrastructural development
projects were financed by the country's major development partners such as the
World Bank, the European Union, the African Development bank and the likes. The
construction of these roads greatly accelerated the country's product movement
and domestic trade.


By the same token, this has attracted private investors and had a positive
direct and indirect impact on taxes, as people establish and expand already
existing businesses. According to the African Economic Outlook 2011 report, from
Africa's 54 countries, aid exceeds taxes in only 12 extremely poor countries.


Yet evidence overwhelmingly demonstrates that aid to Africa has made the poor
poorer, and the growth slower. The insidious aid culture has left African
countries more debt-laden, more inflation-prone, more vulnerable to the vagaries
of the currency markets and more unattractive to higher-quality investment. The
most obvious criticism of aid is its links to rampant corruption. Aid flows
destined to help the average African end up supporting bloated bureaucracies in
the form of poor-country governments and donor-funded non-governmental
organizations.


A constant stream of "free" money is a perfect way to keep an inefficient or
simply bad government in power. As aid flows in, there is nothing more for the
government to do. It doesn't need to raise taxes, and as long as it pays the
army, it doesn't have to take into account its disgruntled citizens. No matter
that its citizens are disenfranchised, as with no taxation, there can be no
representation. All the government really needs to do is to court and cater to
its foreign donors to stay in power.
What aid does is to make the incipient danger of self-serving cronyism and the
desire to bind citizens in endless, time-consuming red tape a grim reality. This
helps to explain why doing business across much of Africa is a nightmare. Then
there is the issue of "Dutch disease," a term that describes how large inflows
of money can kill off a country's export sector, by driving up home prices and
thus making their goods too expensive for export. Aid has the same effect.


Africa can have a brighter future, and has the potential to become the next
emerging market by the end of this decade if political, social protection,
quality education, private sector and regional integration are implemented.
Investment in infrastructure will promote regional integration and trade,
creating an environment that is more conducive to economic growth, the
development of markets and paving the way for acceleration in human development.


No country has ever achieved economic success by depending on aid to the degree
that many African countries do. Rather than calling for more aid, African
governments need to attract more foreign direct investment by creating
attractive tax structures and reducing the red tape and complex regulations for
businesses. African nations should also focus on increasing trade; China is one
promising partner.


Different analyses show that the likelihood of exiting from heavy reliance on
aid increases with the rate of investment. Strengthening policies and
institutions that promote public and private investment seems to be a reliable
path towards exiting from aid-dependence. Increasing the flow of aid alone does
not in itself lead countries out of aid-dependence if it is not accompanied by
aggressive capital accumulation.
In an era when economic volatility seems to have become the norm, achieving
inclusive growth is a big challenge. What Africa currently needs is that greater
and sustained transformational leadership and targeted actions to generate
policy solutions that can drive economic growth in Africa. Inclusive growth is
both possible and indeed a good investment for Africa and its leaders should
believe in the future of the Continent. For real development to occur, Africa
must chart its course.


Much empirical evidence shows that a complete and sudden break from foreign aid
is neither possible in the foreseeable future nor likely to be accepted by some
countries at any time. A functional and well-developed financial system that
could support high levels of investment is one of the best ways of reducing aid
-dependency. Local manufacturing is also another path that can lead African
countries out of aid-dependency. Even a small increase in the share of
manufacturing in GDP has a potential to facilitate an exit from aid-dependence.


If the rising tide is capable of lifting every boat, African leaders should put
in place bold economic reforms, aimed at sustaining growth and boosting human
development. They should also create diversified economies capable of generating
employment, implementing better social policies and inclusive growth. Good
governance and fair competition will help Africa meet its sustainable
development agenda. Carefully calibrated government support can help fulfill
Africa's economic potential, reducing political risks and bolstering financial
accountability to open new markets. Deliberate policy measures and targeted
investments are needed to make growth, not just fast, but also inclusive and
sustainable.

Crown Publishing P.L.C. Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc. (Syndigate.info).

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1223


                     Copyright 2013 Crown Publishing P.L.C
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             621 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Asia Pacific - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           December 1, 2012 Saturday

China health minister lists four new challenges in curbing AIDS

LENGTH: 610 words


Text of report in English by official Chinese news agency Xinhua (New China News
Agency)

Beijing, 1 December: China is facing four new challenges in fighting HIV/AIDS,
though the nation has managed to roll back the rising trend of HIV infection,
health minister Chen Zhu said on Saturday [1 December], World AIDS Day.

More difficulties for HIV intervention, increasing risks of transmission,
growing demand for treatment funds, and inadequate capabilities among social
organizations are pressing matters, Chen said while participating in activities
raising awareness about AIDS.

Sex is the leading route for HIV transmission, and sex between men is on the
rise as a major cause of new HIV/AIDS infections in China. The ways of
transmission have become more concealed, which has brought greater difficulties
for HIV intervention, according to the minister.

It is estimated that nearly half of China's HIV carriers haven't yet been
discovered, as many with high sexual risk behaviours do not voluntarily seek HIV
tests or are not willing to receive tests for fear of being discriminated
against.

Chen warned that this large number of hidden HIV carriers leads to increasing
risks of HIV transmission.

While more HIV/AIDS cases are reported year on year, the number of patients
resistant to the usual drugs increases, he said. That raises growing demand for
varieties of HIV/AIDS drugs and increased funding for treatment.

Efforts are also needed to improve the capabilities of social organizations and
enhance their participation in AIDS control, said Chen.

In the past 10 years, China has made remarkable achievements in controlling the
spread of HIV/AIDS, curbing the diseases' rapid rise and keeping the overall
infection rate at a low level, Chen said.

"The mortality rate related to HIV/AIDS has decreased, and the living quality of
people with HIV/AIDS has significantly improved."

Under China's AIDS Action Plan for the 12th Five-Year Program period (2011-2015)
published this February by the State Council, the country is aiming to decrease
AIDS fatalities by 30 percent by 2015, and new cases by 25 percent as compared
to 2010.

According to figures from the Ministry of Health, China had reported a total of
492,191 cases of HIV/AIDS by the end of October, including 68,802 new cases this
year. Some 17,740 AIDS-related deaths were reported in the country from January
to October, a year-on-year increase of 8.6 percent.

"Social organizations are an important force to prevent and control the spread
of AIDS. The government is expected to improve its management of social
organizations and provide them with more instructions and help," said Zhang
Wenkang, chairman of the Chinese Association of STD/AIDS Prevention and Control.

Zhang, former health minister, urged the social organizations to improve their
capabilities and assist the government in the fight against AIDS.

They should actively implement government policies in this regard and do more
work in bottleneck areas of HIV/AID prevention and control, he urged.

A short film entitled "Be Together Forever" was released during the activities,
calling on people from all social strata to care for and help children affected
by HIV/AIDS and not to discriminate against those living with HIV/AIDS.

Peng Liyuan, a World Health Organization ambassador for the fight against AIDS
and a publicity representative of China's Health Ministry for AIDS control,
joined in Saturday's activities among 400 attendees representing the government,
social organizations at home and abroad, medical institutions, volunteers and
people with HIV/AIDS.

Source: Xinhua news agency, Beijing, in English 1216gmt 01 Dec 12

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2012 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             622 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 8, 2012 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Coffin-Maker Benchmark

BYLINE: By NICHOLAS D. KRISTOF

SECTION: Section SR; Column 0; Editorial Desk; OP-ED COLUMNIST; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1061 words


MASERU, Lesotho

IF you worry that foreign aid is an utter waste, just chat with some mortality
experts here in southern Africa -- the coffin makers.

They're miserable.

These coffin makers in the street markets are idle partly because American
spending on programs to fight AIDS around the world means that vast numbers of
people are no longer dying at a young age. So coffin makers sit dejectedly
beside stacks of lumber, waiting for business.

''Before, a lot of people were dying of AIDS,'' said Moeketsi Monamela, a
33-year-old coffin maker here in Maseru, the capital of the mountainous kingdom
of Lesotho. A half-dozen years ago, he sometimes crafted 20 coffins a month, he
said. Now, he typically sells five or six.

''Now there is medication, so fewer people are dying of AIDS,'' Monamela
explained. ''I'm not very happy because this is my future.''

Realizing that this did not sound quite right, he started again: ''Although the
medication has affected my business, I'm happy because I don't want to see
people dying of AIDS.''

In this election year in the United States, there'll be bitter debates about
what should be cut from budgets, and one thing Democrats and Republicans seem to
agree on is that foreign aid is bloated. Polls indicate that 6 out of 10
Americans favor cutting foreign aid.

A World Public Opinion poll in 2010 found that Americans believed that foreign
aid consumed one-quarter of federal spending. They said it should be slashed to
only 10 percent.

In fact, all foreign aid accounts for about 1 percent of federal spending -- and
that includes military assistance and a huge, politically driven check made out
to Israel, a wealthy country that is the largest recipient of American aid. True
humanitarian aid constitutes roughly half of 1 percent of the federal budget --
and sometimes gets remarkable results, as is happening with AIDS.

My trips to southern Africa used to be heartbreaking. Funerals were constant,
schools were emptied of teachers, and hospitals lost their doctors to the virus.
In the countryside, children starved because adults were too sick to farm. In
Swaziland in 2006, I came across a 12-year-old orphan girl who had become head
of her household after AIDS had wiped out the adults.

Yet now the picture is starkly different. On my annual win-a-trip journey with a
university student -- this year it's Jordan Schermerhorn of Rice University --
we've been seeing how assistance changed the course of the AIDS epidemic in
Lesotho and Malawi. Global AIDS deaths are decreasing steadily from the peak in
2004. New infections are down. About half a million mothers with H.I.V., which
causes AIDS, used to infect their babies in childbirth each year, but now a
simple treatment regimen aims to eliminate that by 2015.

The progress is the result in large part of Pepfar, or the President's Emergency
Plan for AIDS Relief, and the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and
Malaria (which the United States supports). To his great credit, President
George W. Bush started Pepfar in 2003; it's the best thing he did.

With the help of Pepfar and the Global Fund, antiretrovirals, which are powerful
AIDS drugs, are now available free in needy countries. AIDS will still kill
millions of people, and there are already shortages of medications, but the tide
is turning.

''As a bottom line, millions would not be alive without Pepfar, while, at the
same time, millions more in their families have been saved from poverty because
mothers and fathers are productive again,'' notes Dr. Peter Piot, the former
executive director of the United Nations program against AIDS and the author of
a sparkling new memoir, ''No Time to Lose.''

''If we have reached a turning point in the global AIDS response, it is also
largely due to Pepfar,'' Dr. Piot added. ''There are probably very few examples
in international aid that can demonstrate such dramatic, direct impact.''

In Bobete, in rural Lesotho, we visited a clinic run by Partners in Health, the
aid group founded by Dr. Paul Farmer of Harvard. The clinic tests virtually all
pregnant women in the area for H.I.V., and those with the virus are given
treatment so that they will not pass it along to their babies.

Those who need them get free antiretrovirals and treatment for tuberculosis
(which often accompanies AIDS). With treatment, patients are able to continue to
work and support their families.

It's true that AIDS treatment has worked better than Pepfar's prevention
strategies, such as promoting condoms and discouraging multiple partners.
Prevention by supporting male circumcision in hard-hit countries seems more
promising (circumcision greatly reduces the rates of H.I.V. transmission through
heterosexual sex). Lesotho is hoping to circumcise 80 percent of sexually active
males within five years, up from less than 20 percent now.

In the Malawi village of Makaluka, a woman named Gladys Daniel told us that
everyone knows how AIDS is spread, but that about half the villagers still sleep
around, usually without condoms. ''Our husbands can have multiple partners and
put us in danger,'' she said.

It turns out that her concern was not theoretical. ''I know my husband has a
partner,'' she said, adding that her husband steals money from her to pay his
girlfriend for sex. With risky behavior like this, some 2.7 million new
infections still occur annually around the world. So although the progress is
immense, there's still a long war to be fought against AIDS -- and if funds are
slashed, the world will slip backward.

AIDS programs are just one of many foreign aid successes. Here in Lesotho, the
United States used the carrot of Millennium Challenge grants to nudge the
government to end a ban on letting women purchase property or borrow money from
banks by themselves. Child mortality rates are plummeting because of money spent
on clean water, vaccines and hospitals.

Granted, aid is often misspent, just as it is by the military and everybody
else. Yes, the war on AIDS took many wrong turns (as documented in the recent
book ''Tinderbox'').

But when you hear candidates in this campaign season in the United States
declare that money for foreign aid should be slashed, remember that modest sums
have saved lives on an unprecedented scale. When there's a depression in the
coffin-making industry, that's a tribute to foreign aid that Americans can take
pride in -- and should support.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Moeketsi Monamela, above, is a coffin maker in Maseru, Lesotho.
He says his business is way down, partly because of fewer AIDS deaths.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY BEN SOLOMON FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES) (SR11)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                             623 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              New Vision (Kampala)

                            December 5, 2010 Sunday

We Need to Do More in the Fight Against HIV/Aids [opinion]

BYLINE: George Ntambaazi

LENGTH: 354  words


THE 2010 UNAIDS report on global AIDS, which was released recently, includes
countries' score boards on key issues facing the AIDS response.

The report states that there is a general reduction in AIDS related deaths and
new infections, especially among young people. More so, the number of people
receiving anti-retro viral treatment, especially pregnant women, has increased.

However, sub-saharan Africa is doing bad compared to other regions of the world.

As we prepare for the 2011 elections, AIDS prevention should become a political
issue. It would be meaningful if every political party or candidate integrated
the promotion of HIV/AIDS prevention strategies in his/her manifesto.

The report also states that about 1.2 million Ugandans are living with HIV /
AIDS. However, only 200,000 have access to anti-retrovial (ARVs) treatment. ARVs
are so expensive that many Ugandans who need them cannot afford them.

Corruption and misappropriation of funds has also made it difficult for those
living with HIV/AIDS to access free treatment. For example, the embezzlement of
money meant to buy AIDS drugs like the Global Funds is an undeniable defeat in
the fight against HIV/AIDS.

Combating HIV/AIDS, malaria and other diseases is one of the millennium
development goals that must be achieved by 2015. However, the way things are, it
might not be possible for Uganda to achieve this goal.

In the 1990s, Uganda was very successful in the fight against HIV/AIDS. This was
attributed to the country's bold stance about AIDS. However, the prevalence of
HIV/AIDS is now increasing, especially among the married.

I appeal to the religious leaders and the civil society organisations to join
the Government in the fight against HIV/AIDS, which needs to be intensified.

We also need to go back to our (Abstinence, Being faithful and Condom use) ABC
strategy. This should be accompanied by the promotion of regular HIV tests by
all.

The fight against HIV/AIDS should also involve the fight against stigma and
discrimination of people living with HIV/AIDS.

The writer is a is a public policy master's fellow at the University of
Osnabrueck in Germany

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             624 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                           October 16, 2008 Thursday

Call to regulate sellers of hearing devices;
Doctors say wrong or poorly fitted aids may be worse than having no hearing aid
at all

BYLINE: Judith Tan

LENGTH: 981  words


HEALTH-CARE professionals who specialise in hearing problems want those who sell
hearing aids to be properly trained and accredited.

They are worried that those suffering hearing loss are being fitted with the
wrong types of aids and then quit using them because they are 'useless, painful,
or both'.

Consultant ear, nose and throat (ENT) surgeon Euan Murugasu said: 'The wrong
hearing aid or an improperly fitted one is, in a way, worse than having no
hearing aid at all.'

Doctors like him are backing a call by The Society for Audiology Professionals
(SAP) to the Health Ministry to put laws in place to regulate retailers of
hearing aids and to train more hearing professionals.

SAP president Steven Lee said that with 360,000 people in Singapore hit by
hearing loss and needing hearing aids, an Act like the one keeping optometrists
and opticians in check is needed to regulate those selling these aids.

He was referring to the Optometrists and Opticians Act, which was amended in
July last year to require opticians and optometrists to be registered and to
attend courses to keep abreast of developments in prescription spectacles and
contact lens.

No regulations govern those dispensing hearing aids at the moment, said the
Health Ministry, which advises those needing these aids to consult an
audiologist first.

Audiologists are graduates of university degree courses in the science of
hearing, balance and related disorders, who then go through at least a year of
supervised clinical practice.

Those who do the fitting of hearing aids, however, are audiometrists, who
usually receive in-house training from the makers of these aids.

Shops selling hearing aids are sprouting in the Republic, as people realise they
need to hear well to function at work and in social situations. At least 40
shops are listed in the Yellow Pages.

Mr Yiap Kim Hong, consultant audiologist at City Hearing Centre, noted that most
hearing-aid retailers learn on the job, after a one-day or one- week course at
the company which makes the aids.

'Yes, they may have the technical understanding of how these aids work, but not
the application,' he said.

Dr Murugasu said that when a wrong type of aid is fitted, a patient may get loud
feedback noises, which may hurt the ear; a severely deaf person fitted with an
aid meant for someone with slight deafness will still not hear a thing, which
would mean good money wasted.

Mrs Mary Teo, 72, should know. In 2003, after spending $5,000 on a hearing aid,
she still could not hear high-pitched sounds. It took consultations with an ENT
specialist and an audiologist before she was fitted with the right aid.

Another victim of dubious sales tactics, retiree B.K. Tan, paid $2,000 for each
of his hearing aids. The 79-year-old was told that, 'like spectacles, I need to
get them for both sides', but 'now they sit on a glass shelf at home - a
reminder of how stupid I was'.

He had to pay for another pair which could work properly - from a qualified
practitioner.

Dr Murugasu, noting the fat profit margins that retailers of hearing aids reap
from these devices, said many shops do not offer follow-up service.

Audiologists say such aids need fine-tuning three to six months after the
initial fitting.

Competition is so stiff that many shops are throwing in additional batteries,
discounts, spa treats and other perks with purchases.

The Consumers Association of Singapore (Case) has received six complaints
against hearing-aid retailers since 2005, mostly about hidden charges,
misleading claims and unscrupulous sales tactics.

When approached, several retailers of hearing aids said their audiometrists are
trained to advise customers on aids appropriate for them.

Ms Katherine Loh of Sountex said the shop's audiometrists are trained by Siemens
for a month; Ms Doris Ong of Hearing Partners said its audiometrists are trained
by manufacturers and the shop's in-house audiologist.

Retailers without listed in-house audiometrists declined comment when approached
by The Straits Times.

juditht@sph.com.sg

Types of hearing loss

Conductive Hearing Loss: Caused by blockage or an abnormal ear structure, which
prevents sound waves from reaching the inner ear. The blockage, a result of
fluid in the middle ear, a perforated eardrum or impacted earwax, can be
medically or surgically corrected.

Sensorineural Hearing Loss: Also called nerve deafness, this is a permanent loss
of hearing which occurs when the inner ear, known as the cochlea, or the nerve
to the brain, is damaged. Such loss can be hereditary, caused by diseases, birth
injury, drugs, exposure to noise, viruses, head trauma, ageing or tumours.

Mixed Hearing Loss: Happens when there is damage to the outer or middle ear and
in the cochlea or auditory nerve.

Types of hearing aids

AN AUDIOLOGIST can recommend an appropriate hearing aid from the following:

In the ear: A large hearing aid for people with mild to severe hearing loss. It
fits completely in the bowl of the ear.

In the ear canal: This works only for mild to moderate hearing loss. It is
usually customised to fit the size and shape of the person's ear canal.

Completely in the ear canal: This aid is appropriate for mild to moderate
hearing loss and is barely visible.

Behind the ear: This aid can help with all types of hearing loss, from mild to
profound. The electronic device sits just behind the ear and is connected to the
earmold in the ear. Sound travels from the earmold into the ear.

Behind the ear, open fit: This newer version of the above model is attached by a
tube to a minuscule speaker inside the ear canal. It does not require
customisation for a fit and provides better sound quality. But it is suitable
only for individuals with mild hearing loss.

Cochlear implants: These work better in people with severe ear damage because
they bypass the damaged parts of the ear and send sound information as
electrical signals directly to the auditory nerve.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2008 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             625 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                           August 16, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

How to help

BYLINE: The Canadian Press

SECTION: CANADA; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 590  words


The Time to Deliver theme of the International AIDS Conference in Toronto has
moved many people to donate to the cause. Here is a list of organizations in
North America that accept donations for their work in the fight against the
global pandemic:

The Stephen Lewis Foundation: Created by Canadian Stephen Lewis, the UN
Secretary-General's Special Envoy for HIV-AIDS in Africa, the foundation's
mandate is to fund community-based initiatives to treat and prevent AIDS in
Africa. They can be found at: www.stephenlewisfoundation.org.

CANFAR (Canadian Foundation for AIDS Research) -- CANFAR is a national
charitable organization with a goal of raising awareness and funds to support
research into all aspects of HIV-AIDS, according to its website. They can be
found at: www.canfar.ca.

Canadian AIDS Society: A national coalition of over 125 community-based AIDS
organizations. Its mission is "strengthening the response to HIV-AIDS across all
sectors of society, and to enriching the lives of people and communities living
with HIV-AIDS," according to its website. They can be found at: www.cdnaids.ca.

The Clinton Foundation HIV-AIDS Initiative (CHAI): A program of the The Clinton
Foundation, CHAI "strives to make treatment for HIV-AIDS more affordable and to
implement large-scale integrated care, treatment, and prevention programs,"
according to it's website. They can be found at: www.clintonfoundation.org

The Global Fund to fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria: An organization that
works globally implementing treatment and prevention programs. In fighting HIV-
AIDS, the Global Fund's website states that donations "go towards antiretroviral
treatment programs, the training of teachers in AIDS prevention education,
awareness-raising activities and training of medical personnel in HIV
counselling and testing, which is non-existent in some regions. They can be
found at: www.theglobalfund.org

The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation -- The Microsoft Corp. founder and his wife
Melinda created the foundation "to help reduce inequities in the United States
and around the world," according to its website. The Global Health branch of the
foundation has a strong focus on HIV-AIDS and funding research to find a
vaccine. They can be found at: www.gatesfoundation.org.

International AIDS Vaccine Initiative (IAVI): A U.S.-based organization
dedicated to research to find an AIDS vaccine. IAVI operates out of 23 countries
and has to date invested $100 million in vaccine research and development. They
can be found at: www.iavi.org.

Other charities and organizations -- To find out more about donating to the HIV-
AIDS cause in Canada, log on to www.CanadaHelps.org and search for registered
charities fighting AIDS. The site will offer a link to a home page, as well as a
means to donate to the charity online.

By mail -- print off online form and send with cheque to:

International AIDS Vaccine Initiative

C/O Resource Development

110 William Street, Floor 27

New York, NY 10038

USA

- - -

AIDS Healthcare Foundation (AHF) -- Is based out of Los Angeles and is "the
largest provider of HIV-AIDS medical care" in the United States, according to
its website. Working in the U.S., Africa, Central America and Asia, it provides
treatment to 50,000 people worldwide, regardless of ability to pay.

To donate:

By mail:

AIDS Healthcare Foundation

ATTN: Julia Miele, Director of Fundraising

Development Department

6255 W. Sunset Blvd., 21st Floor

Los Angeles, CA 90028

For more information: www.aidshealth.org

By phone: Julia Miele, Director of Fundraising, 323-860-5200

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                             626 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Asia Pacific - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             June 7, 2006 Wednesday

AIDS to bring huge economic losses to China in next five years - expert

LENGTH: 693 words


Text of report in English by official Chinese news agency Xinhua (New China News
Agency)

Beijing, 7 June: The economic losses inflicted on China by AIDS in the next five
years are estimated to exceed 300bn yuan (42.25bn US dollars), said a renowned
AIDS expert here on Wednesday [7 June]. At a conference of the Chinese Academy
of Sciences (CAS), Zeng Yi, chief scientist with the STD (sexually-transmitted
diseases) and AIDS Prevention Centre under the Ministry of Health, said the
losses of human resources caused by AIDS in China are estimated to reach
285.57bn yuan from 2006 to 2010. Citing the calculation of economist Li Jingwen,
another CAS member, Zeng said the disease will also cause a loss of 16.45bn yuan
to the productivity and GDP in the agricultural sector.

China's Ministry of Health estimated that there are about 650,000 HIV/AIDS cases
in China, including 75,000 AIDS patients. The number of Chinese newly infected
with HIV/AIDS was around 70,000 in 2005, and 25,000 Chinese died of AIDS last
year. Among China's HIV/AIDS cases, 49.8 per cent were transmitted by unsafe
sex, 48.6 per cent by drug injection, and 1.6 per cent from mothers to babies,
Zeng said. He said among China's drug addicts, 288,000 were found to be infected
with HIV or AIDS.

The situation is serious in Yunnan, Xinjiang, Guangxi, Guangdong, Guizhou,
Sichuan and Hunan, where the number of HIV/AIDS infected people exceeds 10,000
in each province or autonomous region. The figure of the seven provinces and
autonomous regions made up 89.5 per cent of the national total in the group of
drug addicts, said Zeng, adding that the rate of HIV/AIDS infection among drug
addicts in China increased from 1.95 per cent in 1996 to 6.48 per cent in 2004.

HIV/AIDS infection through blood transfusion was serious in Henan, Hubei, Anhui,
Hebei and Shanxi provinces. But the situation has been relatively put under
control since 1996, as the government has stepped up efforts to control selling
of blood in recent years, said the scientist.

In addition, about 127,000 HIV/AIDS infected people were found among prostitutes
and prostitute's clients, Zeng said. Statistics also show that the number of
women infected with HIV/AIDS in China is climbing. The male to female ratio has
altered dramatically from 5:1 in the 1990s to the current 2:1, even 1:1 in some
areas, according to the scientist.

The 100-million migrant population in China, most of which are young and
middle-aged people, increases the difficulty of preventing the transmission of
the virus, said Zeng. To cope with the serious situation, the scientist urged to
step up research on an AIDS vaccine and push forward the clinical test of the
vaccine in the next five years.

China aims to complete the third phase clinical test of the AIDS vaccine, which
will conclusively prove the effect of the vaccine, by 2010, according to the
scientist. However, Zeng said lack of investment is one of the major problems in
China's research and development of the AIDS vaccine at present. He estimated
that the research will cost 1bn yuan (125m US dollars) over the next five years.
He called for the establishment of a national fund to develop the AIDS vaccine
and efforts to attract investment from local governments and enterprises.

The researchers and resources for the development of the AIDS vaccine should be
integrated and a complete research and development system from lab study to
clinical testing should be formed, said Zeng. Some progress has been made by
China in the development of AIDS vaccine. The STD and AIDS Prevention Centre is
cooperating with a European research organ to develop an AIDS vaccine. The
result of the first phase clinical test showed that the vaccine is safe, said
Zeng.

The vaccine developed by a Sino-US joint research project was put into first
phase clinical test in March 2005, and the result of the test is still unknown,
Zeng said. However, Zeng said China still lags behind many other countries in
the development of the AIDS vaccine. There are more than 120 AIDS vaccines under
clinical testing worldwide, while China has only two.

Source: Xinhua news agency, Beijing, in English 1608 gmt 7 Jun 06

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2006 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             627 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               Lincolnshire Echo

                               December 20, 2004

Digital future for hard of hearing

SECTION: News; Other; Others; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 506 words


New digital hearing aids which are tailored to people's individual needs are to
be introduced across Lincolnshire.  The hi-tech aids, which have cost £300,000
to introduce, could improve the hearing of around 33,000 people.

They will replace the older analogue aids.  But so far the new equipment is
being offered only to certain sectors of society - children, those who are both
deaf and blind and those receiving war pensions.

The scheme will be rolled out to everyone who needs a hearing aid in the next
three years.

Martin Wiltshire (50), from Lincoln, who is seriously hearing impaired and has
tried out one of the new digital hearing aids, said he has put his name down on
a list to get one.

"There are around 100,000 people with hearing problems in Lincolnshire and I
would say that of those around 33 per cent use hearing aids and might benefit,"
he said.

"I tried one in the hospital and it was great. The sound is very different to
that you get with an analogue aid, but they certainly are good." He said that
the main difference was the ability the digital aids gave for the user to switch
from one-to-one sound to noisy environments while still hearing the things they
wanted to.

"With analogue aids people often have a problem in hearing people speak when
they are in a noisy environment," he said.

"Analogue hearing aids act as amplifiers for sound so they amplify every sound,
even those you don't necessarily want to hear.

"The new digital ones are little processors that filter out unwanted sound
better. When you are in a busy environment, such as pub or restaurant, you can
switch your digital aid so it only focuses in on the noise straight in front of
you rather than the background noise. Then, when you go back into a quiet room,
you can switch it back to another mode." Audiology departments in all county
hospitals have been preparing for the introduction of the new aids for nearly a
year.

Lisa Vickers, programme lead for modernising hearing aid services at the United
Lincolnshire Hospitals NHS Trust, said: "With analogue hearing aids the person's
hearing is assessed by a doctor then the hearing aid is programmed to meet their
requirements as closely as possible.

"This takes a lot of skill but because the hearing aids only have a certain
number of different settings the aids are not usually tuned to exactly meet the
person's needs.

"The new digital aids have completely changed this, meaning that hearing aids
can be exactly tailored to the needs of the wearer.

"Their hearing loss is calculated on computer so this is very accurate. The data
is then given to the hearing aid." The aids also provide digital quality sound,
which is of a much higher quality than that produced by analogue hearing aids.

"It has taken some work to get them in place," said Mrs Vickers.

"We have had to have new computer systems installed and three new audiologists
have been employed." For help and support with deafness issues in Lincolnshire
contact Deaf Lincs on (01522) 554932.


LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                        Copyright 2004 Lincolnshire Echo


                             628 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           October 2, 2002 Wednesday

Stop scattering Canadian aid

BYLINE: JEFFREY SIMPSON

SECTION: COLUMN; THE NATION; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 730 words


Canada runs a foreign aid program with Cadillac pretensions on a Pontiac budget.

Last week, with little media notice, the government unveiled a new foreign aid
policy. It looked, alas, too much like the old one, with gaps between pretension
and reality, and ambition and effectiveness.

Canada's foreign aid cannot be truly effective because it is spread too thinly
around the world. In one form or another, through bilateral or multilateral
programs, Canadian aid reaches almost all 120 developing countries.

Canada gives bilateral aid to about 100 countries. In Latin America, for
example, aid shows up in every country except French Guiana and a few Caribbean
islands. In Africa, it's everywhere (53 countries) except Libya and Western
Sahara.

As the policy paper reported: "Canada has consistently been the least
concentrated of all the donor countries." Put another way, Canada gave almost 16
per cent of its aid to its top 15 recipient countries. No other donor gave its
top 15 countries less than 20 per cent, and the average of all donor countries
was 25 per cent.

In 2000-2001, Canada offered more than $20-million in bilateral aid to only
seven countries, compared to 16 countries a decade ago. This is what happens
when the aid budget gets cut without narrowing its focus.

The Canadian International Development Agency now proposes an "enhanced
partnership relationship" with a handful of countries. This does not mean,
however, a narrowing of aid recipients (except for those in Eastern Europe that
have made the transition from communism).

The change means that, as CIDA's budget rises, the incremental increases will be
spent in a handful of the least-developed African countries already receiving
Canadian aid. These countries must meet certain criteria such as reasonable
governance, low levels of corruption and a chance that the aid money will do
some good.

Some CIDA officials lament the scattering of Canadian aid, but formidable
bureaucratic and political obstacles prevent Canada from following the lead of
other countries and focusing aid.

Canada is the world's great joiner. We want to be a member of as many
international organizations as possible. If no group exists, we propose to
create one.

Membership has its price, or so we think. Aid scattered to member countries of
these organizations sends a signal that we care. That the aid is small, and
likely of marginal effectiveness, matters less than the symbolism.

Ministers tell themselves, and Canadians, that we are a G8 country and thus must
have a profile worthy of one. Scattering aid around the world is apparently what
ministers think helps to fulfill that role. A cynic might add that, when
ministers travel abroad, they like being able to point to Canadian aid projects
just about everywhere they land.

Take Latin America. In 1998-99, Canada gave $9.45-million to Ecuador,
$13-million to Peru, $24.7-million to Bolivia, $900,000 to Paraguay, $10-million
to Colombia, $1.8-million to Venezuela, $26.5-million to Brazil, $1.4-million to
Uruguay and $3.7-million to Argentina.

The flip side of being everywhere, of course, is trying to end it anywhere. This
is being done in Eastern Europe for obvious reasons, including the impending
membership of some former Communist states in the European Union. But telling a
recipient country that it will no longer be receiving aid can create a bilateral
headache the government would rather avoid.

Other countries with fewer pretensions and a larger share of their national
income devoted to aid do just that. The Scandinavians and Dutch are among those
donor countries that sharply focus their aid. But they are not as large as
Canada, or at least they don't have Canada's pretensions. They have Cadillac aid
programs on a Cadillac budget.

One answer to the Cadillac-Pontiac gap would be a sharp increase in foreign aid.
To the Chrétien's government's credit, that budget is now rising again. But the
increase will not fundamentally change the profile of Canadian aid. It will
remain more widely spread than any other aid budget in the world.

Canada's aid would be so much more effective if the government could summon the
courage to do both - increase the budget and target the money to a smaller range
of countries. Instead of giving money to 100 countries, Canada should focus
attention on perhaps half that number.
jsimpson@globeandmail.ca

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2002 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             629 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Ledger (Lakeland, Florida)

                              May 6, 2001, Sunday

POLK HAD 92 NEW AIDS CASES IN 2000; THIS IS THE SECOND YEAR IN A ROW THAT THE
NUMBER OF CASES DECREASED.

BYLINE: ROBIN WILLIAMS ADAMS The Ledger

SECTION: Metro; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 790 words


LAKELAND -- Polk County had 92 new AIDS cases last year, down for the second
year in a row, and the lowest annual number since the 75 cases in 1992.

In 1999, 98 people in Polk were reported as having AIDS. Those numbers include
prison cases.

Reported AIDS cases statewide decreased for the seventh year in a row, according
to the Florida Department of Health's Bureau of HIV/AIDS. Florida had 5,010 new
AIDS cases in 2000, compared with 5,378 in 1999.

State and local health officials are cautiously optimistic, although they said
HIV/AIDS -- usually transmitted through sexual contact and sharing needles with
infected people -- remains a serious public health issue.

"It's hard to tell the future, but there's some reason to think we will continue
to see a decrease," said Spencer Lieb, epidemiologist with the state's HIV/AIDS
bureau.

Lieb said he expects the decline, if it continues, to be gradual rather than a
sudden drop.

Dr. Daniel Haight, director of the Polk County Health Department, attributes
Polk's slight drop in new AIDS cases to the availability of a specialty clinic
for HIV/AIDS treatment.

"The number of people accessing our clinic has been strong," he said. "We're
able to deal with (their) problems a little better."

In Polk County last year, 106 people were diagnosed with HIV, the condition
preceding AIDS, compared with 85 in 1999. The numbers decreased statewide.

To health workers, the Polk jump in HIV cases may be a positive sign that
increased outreach into the community is getting more infected people diagnosed
and brought in for treatment.

Although HIV is the precursor to AIDS, new drug combinations can delay or
prevent people with HIV from developing AIDS.

"When our (HIV) numbers are low, that concerns me in the opposite way, that we
are not finding the cases," Haight said.

He said more people are being tested for HIV/AIDS as more outreach people are
hired.

More than 500 patients are treated annually at the Health Department's HIV
clinic, said Lee Luther, clinical supervisor.

The local Health Department's HIV/AIDS outreach team tests at various locations
in Polk County. A testing blitz in late June targeted a gay lounge, a student
center and a predominantly black fraternal organization.

HIV/AIDS continues to affect blacks at a rate much greater than their percentage
in the overall population.

Fifty-four percent of people newly diagnosed with AIDS in Polk, Highlands and
Hardee counties are black. Thirty-four percent are white and 12 percent
Hispanic.

Sixty-four percent of people newly diagnosed with HIV are black. Twenty-seven
percent in the three-county area are white and 9 percent are Hispanic, the
Health Department said.

Nine hundred twenty-seven people in Polk, Hardee and Highlands were living with
HIV or AIDS at the end of 2000. There were 581 men and 346 women.

Women account for 37 percent of local residents with HIV/AIDS. But many women
don't see themselves as being at risk of infection from the men they have sex
with, outreach workers say.

Sharing contaminated needles is another way women become infected.

Women were 32 percent of adult AIDS cases diagnosed in the three-county area in
2000. They were 47 percent of HIV cases, indicating the disease's growing impact
on women.

Black women are disproportionately affected statewide and in the three counties.

Black women accounted for 66 percent of the 346 women with HIV or AIDS at the
end of 2000. Twenty-seven percent were white and 7 percent Hispanic. Black men
accounted for 45 percent of the 581 men with HIV or AIDS; 46 percent were white
and 9 percent Hispanic, the Health Department's Luther said.

Robin Williams Adams can be reached at robinwadams99@yahoo.com or 863-802-7558.

REPORTED AIDS CASES

Polk County's number of new AIDS cases, 92, was down in 2000 for the second year
in a row. This is the lowest number since 1992, when 75 cases were reported.
Statewide, new AIDS cases peaked in 1993, as they did in Polk County, and have
gone down each year since. These numbers include cases reported in prison.
An error occurred in the processing of a table at this point in the document.
Please refer to the table in the online document.

REPORTED HIV CASES

Florida began recording numbers of HIV cases in mid-1997 to have a clearer
picture of what lay ahead for the AIDS epidemic. HIV is the precursor to AIDS.
New drug combinations increasingly delay or prevent people with HIV from
progressing to AIDS.
An error occurred in the processing of a table at this point in the document.
Please refer to the table in the online document.

SOURCE: Florida Department of Health, Bureau of HIV/AIDS


LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Ledger: Chart

             Copyright 2001 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                             630 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Minnesota Lawyer (Minneapolis, MN)

                             March 19, 2001 Monday

Increased funding is sought for Minnesota Legal Aid

BYLINE: Barbara L. Jones

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1468 words


The Legal Services Coalition ("Legal Aid"), which has not received a budget
increase from the Legislature since 1998, is asking for an added $2 million in
annual funding.

The proposed increase would bring state funding of Legal Aid up from about $6.4
million per year to $8.4 million per year.

The request for additional Legal Aid funding is part of the $86 million in new
appropriations contained in the judiciary's proposed budget. It is unclear
whether Legal Aid would get any increase under the budget Gov. Jesse Ventura has
proposed for the court system - which contains $50 million less in new funding
than the judiciary has requested. Ventura's budget does not earmark any money
for an increase to Legal Aid funding.

The lion's share of the increase sought by Legal Aid (approximately $1.5 million
of the $2 million requested) would be used to fund about 25 new staff positions
for lawyers statewide. With the new positions, Legal Aid would be able to
represent about 5,000 more indigent clients per year.

The rest of the increase ($470,318) would be used to raise the pay of existing
Legal Aid staff members. Legal Aid attorneys start at $27,653 per year, observed
Bruce Beneke, executive director of Southern Minnesota Regional Legal Services.
(Beneke also noted that the average salary for all Legal Aid attorneys is less
than the $43,800 starting salary for attorneys working in the Ramsey County
Attorneys Office.)

"We're way behind all other publicly funded lawyers [in pay]," Beneke noted.
"We're not much above judicial law clerks." (Judicial clerks in Minnesota
currently make $26,700. The judiciary is now seeking to raise the clerks' pay by
about $7,000.)

A number of representatives of the bench and bar testified in favor of Legal
Aid's requested budget at a March 13 hearing on the subject before the House
Committee on Judiciary Finance.

Kent Gernander, president of the Minnesota State Bar Association, summed up the
feelings of many who testified that day as follows: While Legal Aid is grateful
for all the appropriations that it has received, the Legislature has not funded
it at the level needed.

Funding history

Legal Aid initially got its state funding from filing fee surcharges and other
dedicated funding sources. Beginning in the early '90s, Legal Aid began getting
its state funding from the state's general fund.

In 1995, federal funds provided by the Legal Services Corporation (LSC) were cut
by nearly 35 percent. At that time, the Minnesota Legislature requested that a
bipartisan committee address how to overcome the impact of the loss of federal
funds and meet the unmet need for legal services in poor communities. The Joint
Legal Services Access and Funding Committee recommended steps for the court
system, the private bar, legal services programs and the Legislature.

In response, Legal Aid created a statewide computer network using a Bush
Foundation grant, raised $1 million a year from foundations and corporations
and, last year alone, received more than $5 million in donated services from the
private bar. Courts have worked to make the legal system more accessible to pro
se litigants.

The committee also recommended increasing the state's contribution to the Legal
Aid budget over the five-year period beginning in 1995 so the budget would be at
$8.4 million at the end of fiscal year 2000.

Beneke said the Legislature responded for the first three years with modest
increases. The high water mark was in 1998 when the state appropriation reached
$6.8 million - but that included some one-time funding. There were no increases
in 1999 or 2000.

If the recommendations of the committee had been followed, Legal Aid would be
working with a base budget this year of $8.4 million instead of $6.4 million,
Beneke observed.

Past support

Beneke said that Minnesota has generally been very good to Legal Aid.
Legislative support for Legal Aid has been bipartisan, and Minnesota was one of
the first states in the country to provide Legal Aid with state funding, he
observed. Minnesota has received national recognition for the partnership
between Legal Aid, the Legislature, the courts and community, he added.

Not including the requested increase, the total Legal Aid budget for 2001 is
about $22 million, with the state providing about $6.4 million.

"We've never asked the Legislature to do it all," noted Beneke. "It has always
been a partnership [between the state and other funding sources]."

Steven Witort, senior counsel and pro bono coordinator at 3M, was one of the
lawyers testifying on behalf of Legal Aid at the March 13 committee hearing. He
told the committee that the Legal Aid budget is balanced on the backs of its
attorneys - many of whom make less than his secretary does.

Hennepin County Chief Judge Kevin Burke testified that Legal Aid's financial
needs are an important reason that lawmakers should support the judiciary's
proposed budget.

"The Legislature has to fund the justice system," Burke said. "I'm convinced the
whole system is underfunded. I am unwilling to say Legal Aid should get money
and others shouldn't, but Legal Aid should be funded. The public has not come to
grips with the fact that the justice system is not in good shape."

Gernander told the house committee that "Legal Aid is an integral and important
part of the system. It protects the most vulnerable and least powerful people.
It deals with critical needs such as shelter, food, healthcare, and public
services. In Minnesota, over 640,000 people or 14.5 percent of the population,
are too poor to pay for legal services."

In a letter to lawmakers, Minnesota Supreme Court Justice Alan Page noted that
Legal Aid turns away more than 20,000 people. Furthermore, it is estimated that
58,000 people who need legal services and would qualify for them do not apply
because they believe no services will be available, Page's letter said.

"This unmet need has a disparate impact on Minnesota's communities of color,"
Page's letter continued. "At the time of [the Minnesota Supreme Court Task Force
on Racial Bias in the Judicial System's final report in May 1993] while people
of color were roughly 6 percent of Minnesota's population they constituted 23
percent of the people represented by Legal Aid programs. Those numbers have not
improved over the years. Today, people of color make up almost 30 percent of
Legal Aid program clients."

The social benefits of Legal Aid extend beyond a more fair justice system,
Beneke said. According to Beneke, Legal Aid:

* helps families break the cycle of abuse and instability generated by domestic
violence;

* assists low-income farm families to remain on their homestead or make the
adjustment away from farming;

* stabilizes families in crisis by preventing homelessness and helping to repair
substandard housing; and

* assists adults to move from welfare to work by overcoming legal obstacles.

Value added

There are many levels on which Legal Aid benefits the entire court system,
Beneke said.

"I think if the Legislature recognized this they would make us a priority," he
noted.

First of all, Legal Aid offices only take meritorious cases, Beneke stated. For
example, Southern Minnesota Regional Legal Services (SMRLS) wins 85 percent of
its contested cases, he said.

Secondly, Legal Aid keeps cases out of the court system because it mediates and
negotiates the majority of its cases, according to Beneke. And, when people are
in court, a case proceeds much more smoothly if the client is represented by
Legal Aid instead of proceeding pro se, he added.

"I think judges would be the first to say their courtrooms work more efficiently
[with a Legal Aid attorney representing someone who would otherwise be pro se],"
said Beneke. "We can do in 15 minutes what a pro se litigant could do in 45."

Ramsey County Chief Judge Lawrence Cohen agreed with Beneke, telling the House
committee that Legal Aid helps judges and prevents "countless needless
lawsuits."

Seventh Judicial District Judge Kathleen Weir told Minnesota Lawyer that Legal
Aid lawyers not only help the courts be more efficient but also at the same time
protect due process.

Beneke pointed out that Legal Aid produces some revenue for the state's coffers.
Legal Aid secures about $4 million per year in new child support orders -
primarily on behalf of families on public assistance - which reduces the welfare
costs to taxpayers, Beneke said. In addition, Legal Aid helps indigent
individuals procure about $5 million in federal disability benefits, easing the
costs to state and local government funds, he observed.

The Legal Aid funding proposal will be the subject of further legislative
hearings in upcoming weeks.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2001 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             631 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   February 20, 2001, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Foreign aid hike pushed Bush considers Helms' call for 'faith-based' initiative

BYLINE: Bill Nichols and Barbara Slavin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 539 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- The Bush administration is exploring a proposal
to increase U.S. foreign aid sharply -- but only if it is delivered
overseas through "faith-based" and other private relief organizations.

The proposal, similar to the emphasis President Bush wants to
place on how government assistance is distributed at home, has
an unlikely champion in Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman
Jesse Helms, R-N.C. He says he will abandon years of leading the
fight to cut foreign aid and support an increase.

Helms' pledge, however, carries a price. The powerful lawmaker
wants to abolish the U.S. Agency for International Development
(AID), which delivers most non-military aid, and funnel the bulk
of U.S. assistance through non-governmental groups. This is along
the lines of Bush's plan to fund domestic social services through
religious and other private organizations.


Many foreign aid advocates oppose the tradeoff. But the once unthinkable
notion of Helms leading a charge to hike the $ 15 billion foreign
aid annual budget has groups across the political spectrum seeking
a compromise.

Congress has chipped away at the foreign aid budget for two decades,
which has left the United States near the bottom in foreign aid
spending by industrial nations when measured as a share of their
economies.

"It's nothing new that Helms wants to get rid of AID," says
the Rev. David Beckmann, president of Bread for the World, a Christian
relief group. But when he calls for boosting aid to the world's
poor, "that gets people's attention."

Helms hasn't said exactly how big an increase in aid he would
support.

The administration has encouraged Helms but has not endorsed his
plan. During his confirmation hearing last month, Secretary of
State Colin Powell told Helms that a third of the $ 2 billion a
year in federal anti-poverty aid sent abroad is delivered via
private groups. But Powell said he "looks forward to seeing what
more we can do."

Helms has long railed against what he says are bureaucratic inefficiencies
of AID, but axing AID is unlikely. The agency has cut its workforce
by 32% since 1993, to 7,300, and closed missions in 36 countries.

Moreover, Bush is considering naming Andrew Natsios, a former
official of AID and World Vision, one of the largest faith-based
aid groups, to head AID.

Democrats say Helms' goal is to eliminate a federal agency and
boost conservative charities in his state. Aid groups are looking
for a middle ground. Dean Owen, spokesman for World Vision, calls
Helms' proposal "very significant." But he adds: "There has
to be some degree of government review and oversight."


Private groups help distribute aid

About a third of U.S. foreign aid for combating poverty is distributed
through private organizations.

Anti-poverty
aid to private
Total foreign Anti-povertygroups
Year aid (billions) aid (billions)  (millions)
1995$14.1$2.3$716
1996 $12.6 N/AN/A
1997 $12.5 $2.0 $672
1998 $13.3 $2.1 $783
1999 $15.4$2.2 $790
2000    $16.4 $2.0 $670
2001[+1]$14.8 $2.4 $757

Note: For fiscal years ended Sept. 30; 1 - estimate

Source: Office of Management and Budget

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             632 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    December 2, 1999, Thursday, Home Edition

Chilling Y2K prediction: AIDS orphans will surpass 13 million

BYLINE: Lillian Lee Kim, Staff

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: Features; Pg. 24E

LENGTH: 335 words

The victims of AIDS not only include those it kills. Those it leaves behind can
suffer greatly.

The overwhelming number of children orphaned by AIDS has reached crisis levels
in many underdeveloped countries, especially in sub-Saharan Africa, where 95
percent of the world's HIV infected people live.

By the end of 1999, 11.2 million children will have been orphaned by AIDS,
according to a joint report released Wednesday by UNICEF, the Joint United
Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS and the National Black Leadership Commission on
AIDS.

The number of AIDS orphans is expected to exceed 13 million by the end of the
year 2000, the report says. In some countries, up to 11 percent of all children
have been orphaned by the disease.

AIDS orphans are defined as children who, before they turn 15, lose either their
mother or both parents to AIDS. UNAIDS estimates 33.6 million people worldwide
are living with HIV infections or full-blown AIDS.

"The scale of the orphan crisis is almost unimaginable," said Carol Bellamy,
executive director of UNICEF.

Traditional support systems, already disrupted by the illnesses and deaths
caused by HIV/AIDS, are becoming severely strained by the dramatic increases in
AIDS orphans. The responsibility for these children often falls to their
grandparents, who frequently have limited resources.

In addition to the trauma of losing one or both parents, AIDS orphans are at a
higher risk of hardships such as poverty, malnutrition, illness, abuse and
sexual exploitation, according to the report. These children also face
discrimination due to the stigma attached to the virus.

The report says massive financial and organizational efforts are needed to
prevent the orphan crisis from overwhelming public services in many developing
countries.

On Wednesday, which was designated World AIDS Day, the United Nations sponsored
a symposium on AIDS orphans. Among the speakers were Hillary Rodham Clinton,
Queen Noor of Jordan and basketball star Magic Johnson.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Emory University EN-ACTE Rep Company members Ahmond Jackson and Katie Iuvone
perform in "Out of the Shadows," an interactive theater piece aimed at young
people. The production, held Wednesday at the Sam Nunn Federal Center, addressed
topics such as violence, substance abuse and diversity. / CHARLOTTE B. TEAGLE /
Staff

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                             633 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    October 19, 1999, Tuesday, Home Edition

Healthy Living: An AIDS wakeup call;
 As the virus takes its toll in the black community, panels of a quilt send an
urgent message;
 TUESDAY'S GUIDE to MEDICINE and HEALTH CARE

BYLINE: Lillian Lee Kim, Staff

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: Features; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 928 words

A year ago, Debbie Thomas-Bryan relaxed in her Atlanta home and talked
enthusiastically about how good it felt to have her life back on track after
years of battling AIDS.

On Monday, college students at the Atlanta University Center soberly regarded a
panel of the AIDS Memorial Quilt sewn in memory of Thomas-Bryan. In July, after
her HIV drugs failed, the 45-year-old became one of the roughly 150,000 black
Americans who have died of AIDS.

Samantha Brittenham, a 20-year-old junior at Clark Atlanta University, was
hoarse with emotion as she viewed the quilt panels.

"I'm trying not to cry," Brittenham said. "I wish more students would come and
see this. It would be a reality check for them."

A reality check is precisely what the NAMES Project Foundation, which sponsors
the AIDS quilt, hopes to deliver to black college students across the country.
For at least the next few months, portions of the AIDS Quilt will tour
historically black colleges and universities to raise AIDS awareness and promote
HIV prevention among young African-Americans, considered to be the population at
greatest risk for infection with HIV.

The quilt tour is the latest event to heighten the profile of the AIDS epidemic
among African-Americans. Until recently, the black community has largely kept
silent about AIDS, even as the virus slew thousands of African- Americans each
year. Black preachers and politicians alike have been criticized for failing to
address AIDS and accompanying social ills such as homophobia and drug use.

"Black communities have been so overburdened that the idea of adopting another
burden is not appealing," explained Cornelius Baker, executive director of the
National Association of People with AIDS.

The reluctance and reticence appear to be melting at last, as more attention is
focused on the AIDS epidemic among African-Americans.

A recent conference sponsored partly by the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention revealed significant --- and alarming --- new data about the
prevalence of HIV and AIDS among blacks. African-Americans now account for
about half of all new HIV infections, AIDS cases and AIDS deaths, despite
representing only 13 percent of the U.S. population.

Earlier this month, black churches in Atlanta gathered for the first National
Black Church HIV/AIDS Institute, to help pastors and other faith leaders learn
how to deal with the disease.

Last Thursday, faith leaders, policy makers, community activists and AIDS
researchers all met in Atlanta to discuss how to combat AIDS among African-
Americans. That same day, the NAACP announced the upcoming release of a series
of educational films aimed at raising HIV awareness.

The support hasn't been merely rhetorical. This month, the CDC awarded $ 39
million in federal funds to more than 100 national, state and local
organizations around the United States to help prevent HIV infections among
blacks and other minorities.

The money went to groups such as the DeKalb Prevention Alliance, which plans to
start a street outreach program to perform HIV testing and counseling among
homeless people and drug users in DeKalb County.

Also, the state health department received $ 1 million for HIV prevention
programs in Georgia correctional facilities. A recent study sponsored by the
National Commission on Correctional Health Care found that there were
approximately 8,900 prison inmates with AIDS in 1997, and that up to one- fifth
of all Americans with HIV had been released from a correctional facility within
the past year.

"We must mount prevention and treatment strategies that deal with people where
they are now, not where we want them to be or where we imagine them to be," said
Phill Wilson, director of the AIDS Social Policy Archive.

While injection drug use is commonly perceived as a major factor in the spread
of AIDS among blacks, sex is the primary method of transmission. AIDS experts
say bisexual behavior among gay black men who feel pressured to have sex with
women accounts for a significant number of HIV infections among heterosexuals.

"With the stigma on homosexual behavior in the African-American community, it's
not surprising that this is the case," said Dr. Helene Gayle, director of the
CDC's National Center for HIV, STD and TB Prevention.

Coretta Scott King, widow of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr., addressed this
problem Monday at the opening ceremonies for the quilt tour.

"I have no doubt that homophobia has worsened and prolonged the AIDS crisis, "
King said. "It is particularly sad to me when I hear black people, including
some in leadership positions, making homophobic comments and attacking the human
rights of gay and lesbian people."

Regardless of sexual orientation or gender, however, all African-Americans are
at significantly higher risk for becoming infected with HIV. Youth only
increases that risk: Most new HIV infections are occurring among people 25 and
younger.

These statistics deeply sadden and frustrate AIDS activists such as Denise
Stokes, who has been HIV-positive for 17 of her 30 years. Stokes, a member of
President Clinton's HIV/AIDS Advisory Council, spoke Monday at the quilt tour
kickoff.

"I live and breathe so I can prevent you from becoming infected," Stokes said,
addressing college students in the audience.

"One day, this is ultimately where I'm going to end up," Stokes continued,
gesturing to the quilt panels surrounding her. "I'm going to be a panel on some
wall in some library.

"I just hope the library isn't full of people with AIDS."

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Clark Atlanta University junior Samantha Brittenham, 20, gazes at the quilt
panels honoring the memory of black victims of the virus. / WILLAM BERRY / Staff

Photo
Coretta Scott King speaks at the AIDS Memorial Quilt exhibit at the Atlanta
University Center. / WILLAM BERRY / Staff
Graphic
IF YOU GO
The AIDS Memorial Quilt will be on display at the Atlanta University Center's
Woodruff Library from 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. Tuesday and Wednesday. Free HIV testing
and counseling is being offered from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. both days. The AIDS quilt
will travel to Howard University in Washington, Nov. 30-Dec. 1, and then to
Hampton University in Hampton, Va., Dec. 1-3.


RESOURCES
To learn more about HIV/AIDS, testing sites or volunteer opportunities, call the
following organizations:
AID Atlanta, 404-872-0600.
AIDS Survival Project, 404-874-7926.
AIDS Education & Services for Minorities, 404-753-2900.

 ONLINE
The AIDS Memorial Quilt's Web site: www/ajc.com/links.

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                             634 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   December 7, 1995, Thursday, METRO EDITION

AIDS will be conquered, Clinton vows Pledges not to sacrifice research to
spending cuts

BYLINE: By Carol Goar TORONTO STAR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A20

LENGTH: 721 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


   WASHINGTON - A cure and a vaccine for AIDS will be found, U.S. President Bill
Clinton yesterday assured victims of America's Number 1 killer of young adults.

"A cure and a vaccine. That must be our first and top priority. This is a
disease and we have never before had a disease we could not conquer," Clinton
said, kicking off the first White House conference on HIV and AIDS. "We can
conquer this."

He urged sufferers not to lose hope, reminding them that smallpox had been
beaten and polio had been wiped out in a generation.

But he acknowledged that the statistics look grim.

Every day, 120 Americans die of AIDS. The death toll has already exceeded
300,000. Another 500,000 Americans are living with the disease.

Worldwide, there are 4.5 million cases of full-blown AIDS and close to 20
million people infected with HIV, the virus linked to AIDS.

In parts of Africa, the epidemic is so severe that it has cut life expectancy in
half.

"Everybody in this country - and indeed throughout the world - is vulnerable to
this disease," Clinton said. "For millions of people, it has shaken their very
faith in the future."

He pledged not to sacrifice AIDS research or prevention programs in the quest to
balance the budget. But he warned that the Republican-controlled Congress is
proposing huge cuts in Medicaid, which provides health care for America's
poorest citizens.

"Medicaid is the lifeline for people with HIV and AIDS " Clinton said. "If this
budget goes through, it is a stake in the heart of our efforts to guarantee
dignity to people with AIDS in this country."

He appealed to the 250 activists, patients, doctors and researchers at the
conference to help him beat back Republican efforts to cut health care. And he
exhorted those with the disease to use the time they have left to shake their
fellow citizens into being more compassionate and less judgmental.

"Give the country a chance to be great about this issue," Clinton urged AIDS
sufferers. "Shake them up. Shake me up. Push us all hard."

But even as the president spoke, an AIDS activist in New York who was trying to
shake people up had to cancel a controversial fundraising campaign.

Kenneth Cole, who created a provocative set of posters, suggesting that anyone
from the Pope to the U.S. president could get AIDS, withdrew them yesterday.

One of his posters declared: "If the Pope had AIDS, he'd need more than just
your prayers." The Roman Catholic Church objected that it was "distasteful."

Another of Cole's posters proclaimed: "If the president had AIDS, he'd need more
than just your vote."

Clinton, who pledged in his 1992 election campaign to lead the fight against
AIDS, pointed out that, while there was still no cure or vaccine, progress was
being made:

* People diagnosed with AIDS now live twice as long as they did a decade ago.

* Scientists have found a way to prevent HIV-infected women from passing the
virus to their unborn children.

* The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has dramatically accelerated its
approval process for drugs that alleviate AIDS-related suffering.

There was more promising news yesterday in two research journals. British and
U.S. scientists announced they had identified natural supressers within the
human body that slow the growth of the AIDS virus.

These substances, produced by the immune system, do not offer the prospect of
immediate relief to AIDS sufferers. But they do give scientists important new
clues about how to inhibit the infection.

"This opens us new avenues of approach," Anthony Fauci, director of the National
Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases in Bethesda, Md., told Reuters news
service. "The potential implications are substantial."

Meanwhile in Ottawa, a Commons committee yesterday failed to reach a consensus
on AIDS funding in Canada, Canadian Press reported.

Liberal, Bloc Quebecois and NDP members of the committee say the government
should spend more on AIDS, but the Reform position is that AIDS should be
balanced against other diseases according to their prevalence.

Currently, 12,119 Canadians are living with AIDS. In the 1994-95 fiscal year,
Ottawa will spend $43.4 million on its AIDS strategy, as compared with $4
million on breast cancer and $3.8 million on cardiovascular disease.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1995 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             635 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 22, 1995, Thursday, Final Edition

Hill Urged to Back Foreign Food Aid

Valerie Strauss, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg.  A14

LENGTH: 629 words


Providers of food aid to many of the world's 800 million chronically hungry
people pleaded with Congress yesterday to resist efforts to reduce or eliminate
some U.S. foreign food assistance programs.

"Now is the wrong time for parochialism," J. Brian Atwood, administrator of the
U.S. Agency for International Development, told a House Agriculture subcommittee
hearing. "The international community is entering a period of great uncertainty,
and U.S. leadership remains critical to meet those challenges."

Atwood, along with the head of the U.N. World Food Program and representatives
from private food aid organizations, said humanitarian emergencies have
multiplied since the end of the Cold War, forcing diversion of food aid used for
long-term development of poor communities.

"The pressure on the world's poor is growing more intense," said Catherine
Bertini, executive director of the Rome-based U.N. World Food Program. "A decade
ago, two out of three tons of the food aid that the World Food Program delivered
helped promote development, and only one ton was consumed in emergencies. Today,
the picture is reversed and we are awash in food emergencies -- more than two
dozen from Liberia and Rwanda to Bosnia and the Caucasus."

U.S. food aid abroad, delivered through a number of different programs, is given
generally for two purposes: emergency humanitarian aid and long-term economic
development assistance. Overall U.S. food aid has declined from an average level
of $ 1.9 billion a year in the early 1990s to about $ 1.25 billion this year.
And while Congress is still considering its 1996 budget, AID officials said they
are expecting a drop to just over $ 1 billion for the fiscal year.

Some U.S. foreign food aid programs have been targeted for reduction or
elimination in President Clinton's budget, as well as in House and Senate budget
resolutions and foreign aid legislation, although the proposals are different.
Some proposed reductions have been based on the drive to cut the federal
deficit, but efforts to eliminate entire programs spring in part from a view
among some Republicans that food development aid is ineffective and should be
stopped.

"This is the worst downward trend I've ever seen, and I've been around for 25
years," said Peggy Sheehan, vice president of the Coalition on Food Aid, an
organization of food aid providers. There has been no effort to cut food aid for
humanitarian emergencies, such as last year's refugee nightmare created by mass
slaughter in the African nation of Rwanda. Instead, the targets are different
food aid programs aimed at helping people and countries develop their land and
economies. A nonbinding resolution by the House Budget Committee calls for
eliminating two of the three parts of the main U.S. food aid program, both of
which provide different forms of food development aid, and for keeping only the
part that provides for emergency relief aid.

"I believe the heart of America demands that we respond to humanitarian crises,"
said Rep. Bill Emerson (R-Mo.), chairman of the subcommittee on operations,
nutrition and foreign agriculture.

There are stark philosophical differences between opponents and supporters of
development food aid.

Proponents say such aid provides a long-term solution to chronic hunger, helping
people move away from the need for emergency feeding toward higher incomes and
stability. They say such aid also helps build commercial markets for U.S.
agricultural exports and is the best way definitively to stem the number and
severity of emergency situations.

Critics argue in part that food aid may contribute to a dependence on foods that
cannot be produced in the receiving country, and that food aid can be a
disincentive to local production.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                             636 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                               November 16, 1994

DEVELOPMENT: PERGAU DAM BUSTERS;
In the wake of last week's High Court victory, the aid lobby must draw up new
battle lines, warns Simon Maxwell

BYLINE: Simon Maxwell

SECTION: THE GUARDIAN SOCIETY PAGE; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 828 words


THEY PROBABLY don't drink champagne at the World Development Movement. But
cracking open a jar of Cafe Direct would have been entirely appropriate last
week. WDM's triumph over Douglas Hurd in the High Court was a notable victory
for the aid lobby, and for all those who believe that the sole purpose of aid
should be the reduction of poverty in developing countries.

But this was a battle, not the war. There is no doubt that the pressures to
subvert the aid programme for political and commercial purposes are as strong as
ever. Last weekend Conservative politicians defended the use of aid to help win
commercial contracts. One, Alan Clark, went so far as to suggest that the
logical reaction to the High Court case was not to change the aid programme to
conform with the law, but rather to change the law to make aid projects like
Pergau legal.

In fact, the rules have already been tightened in important ways since the
Pergau deal was signed. Under the 1992 Helsinki Agreement, aid donors are no
longer allowed to use tied aid credits for projects which could secure
commercial finance and must limit their use to countries with a per capita
income of less than $ 2,465 (Malaysia's was $ 2,790 in 1992). Britain's own
regulations are now even stricter, limiting the use of ATP to countries with a
per capita income of less than $ 700; something that has aroused protests from
some British companies.

Where, then, do the battle lines lie following the Pergau debacle? There are two
main areas where the aid lobby should now be active.

First, there is every risk the Government will try to claw back from elsewhere
in the aid programme the pounds 234 million that Pergau will cost. Of course,
the Government will not be so crass as to cut the aid programme by the exact
amount of the annual contribution to Pergau. But we can expect to hear a lot
about the rigours of successive public expenditure rounds, the difficulty of
sustaining aid when there are so many needs at home, the need for more support
to the new democracies of Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union. The poor
of the world in traditional developing countries should keep a close watch on
Britain's aid kitty.

Needless to say, it would be dishonourable in the extreme if the aid budget were
cut in retaliation for the Pergau judgment.  Britain's aid performance is
already poor in quantitative terms. At only 0.31 per cent of GNP, Britain lies
13th out of 21 in the international league table and provides less than half the
UN target of 0.7 per cent of GNT. Bilateral aid has been particularly badly hit
by a combination of cuts in the 1980s and extra contributions to the EU in the
1990s. Bilateral aid to Africa, for example, is expected to fall by about pounds
60 million a year between now and 1996/97.

So the aid lobby's first target should be to protect and increase the total size
of the programme - and within the aid programme, the share of traditional
developing countries. Indeed, the programme should increase: as a result of
Pergau the Government now "owes" the aid programme the amount already spent on
the project, some pounds 55 million. This is the Pergau "dividend" that WDM won
for the poor last week.

The expenditure forecasts announced in last year's budget were for a decrease in
real terms to 1996/97. This year's budgets will be announced later this month. A
failure to increase the aid budget to compensate for Pergau and for inflation
would be a breach of faith. Any further cut would be an outrage and a new
political scandal.

The second target for the aid lobby should be the quality of aid. Listening to
the statements of aid ministers, you could be forgiven for believing that they
think about poverty before breakfast, lunch, tea and dinner. In March Baroness
Chalker told Parliament that "the yardstick for our aid programmes is the
improvement it brings to the basic quality of life of the poorest communities."

The record, however, leaves much to be desired. ODA's own system of performance
indicators shows that only 5 per cent of bilateral aid is used for direct
poverty reduction projects. The other 95 per cent is useful, no doubt, in
general terms, but impacts less on hard core poverty. Similarly, UN figures show
that less than 7 per cent of British aid is spent on "human priorities" in the
social sector - just pounds 16 million was spent on basic education in 1992/93.

ODA can reach the poor with official aid. Recent examples include the
remodelling of fisheries projects to increase the benefits to women, and the
unintended benefits to the poor of a power station in Dhaka, Bangladesh, which
significantly increased employment in small scale industry.

What is needed now is a "poverty audit" of British aid to test how far each
instrument of aid policy contributes to its only justifiable objective: the
reduction of poverty.

Simon Maxwell is a member of the Independent Group on British Aid

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                             637 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Daily Yomiuri

                           August 11, 1994, Thursday

Editorial;
Join fight against AIDS

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 809 words


As if gathering the force to dispel the oppressive heat wave, more than 11,000
people from 128 countries and regions around the world have joined hands at the
10th International Conference on AIDS in Yokohama, drawing on their resources in
pursuit of ways to conquer AIDS.

We should take this opportunity to eliminate the indifference, coldheartedness,
prejudice and discrimination that AIDS sufferers face and acquire more knowledge
about this disease. Doing so would represent a step forward on the thorny but
promising road that will eventually lead to overcoming AIDS. There can be no
doubt that AIDS is everyone's problem.

Peter Piot, president of the International AIDS Society, said in an opening
speech at the conference that the fight against AIDS is proving far more
protracted than predicted a decade ago. He also expressed his heartfelt hopes
that the Yokohama AIDS conference would provide all those fighting AIDS or the
human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) with the vitality and patience needed to
crush the disease. Piot was correct in pointing out that humankind is still only
in the initial stage of a long fight.

Good news

Yet, the Yokohama conference has seen several presentations of research results
that give hope and encouragement to both those who are HIV-positive and those
suffering from full-blown AIDS.

Prof. David Ho of the U.S. Aaron Diamond AIDS Research Center is in charge of
treating former U.S. basketball superstar Magic Johnson, an HIV carrier. Ho told
the conference that nearly 10 percent of HIV-positive individuals in his studies
have been found to be "long-term nonprogressors," or persons who have not
developed any AIDS symptoms for 10 years or more since being infected with the
disease.

The professor said it is not yet known whether this can be attributed primarily
to the HIV carriers' capacity to resist the disease or to some weakness on the
part of the AIDS virus. At any rate, Ho's report does indicate the possibility
of humans being able to "coexist" with AIDS, and thus offers new hope.

There have been other highly encouraging reports at the conference. One involved
gene therapy designed to destroy HIV's ability to reproduce by means of slicing
up AIDS viral genes, while another discussed the possibility of reducing the
incidence of mother-to-child infection during birth by two-thirds, through the
administration of anti-HIV medication to pregnant women with AIDS.

There have also been reports on studies into the development of an anti-AIDS
vaccine, on which strong hopes have been placed worldwide. However, the reports
show that many knotty problems remain before such a vaccine can be put to
practical use, after confirming its efficacy and safety.

A large number of AIDS patients and HIV carriers from all over the world have
reported to the conference the realities of their struggle against the disease
in the face of prejudice and discrimination. The grounds of a park adjacent to
the conference site have been carpeted with memorial quilts bearing words of
affection for relatives, lovers and friends lost to AIDS. Along with these
messages, appeals by AIDS sufferers for courage and unity in fighting the
disease have made a deep impression on all the conference participants.

Heightened awareness

The conference has definitely heightened public interest in AIDS, as
demonstrated by the fact that a number of civic meetings have been held in
conjunction with the conference.

In the business sector, for that matter, a consultative body will be launched
next month with the aim of boosting exchanges of information and opinions among
Japanese companies concerning AIDS and those suffering from the disease as well
as encouraging educational campaigns.

A movement to protect the human rights of AIDS patients and HIV carriers cannot
achieve success without empathy for them. The surge in public interest in AIDS
-related problems that has resulted thanks to the Yokohama conference is a
welcome development and the momentum should be sustained.

The assault on AIDS involves many fronts, including the issue of poverty in
developing countries and the war against drugs and ignorance. Another problem is
the prejudice against and discriminatory treatment of AIDS patients and HIV
carriers.

The programs at the Yokohama conference are divided into four major categories:
basic research, diagnostic and clinical measures, epidemiological and preventive
studies, and education of the public. It has been shown, however, that each of
these fields faces formidable walls that must be overcome. Discussions at the
conference have made us feel keenly the urgent need to solve these problems.

The AIDS virus, which is said to be only one-10,000th of a millimeter in
diameter, has raised major issues for every one of us.

(From Aug. 11 Yomiuri Shimbun)

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1994 The Daily Yomiuri


                             638 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            August 9, 1994, Tuesday

Teens tackle straight talk about AIDS Program prepares students to educate their
peers

BYLINE: By Mara Rose Williams STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Section J; Page 1

LENGTH: 440 words


Wonder what Gwinnett teenagers are talking about these days? For some, it's sex,
drugs and AIDS.

Tucked away in the cramped offices of AID Gwinnett in Lawrenceville, 10 youths
have been working hard all summer learning everything they can about HIV and
AIDS as part of the agency's new Visual AIDS program.

The teenagers will be traveling the county this fall, visiting schools, churches
and civic groups in an effort to teach their peers about the consequences of
risky behavior.

"I feel like AIDS is a very real thing and most kids don't really know enough
about it," said Cassie Campbell, 16, a student at Shiloh High School who is a
member of the Visual AIDS team. "I want to help my friends to understand."

The students learned how the disease is contracted and the medical explanation
for how T-cells are attacked by the virus, among other things.

"I know a lot of people my age who are engaging in risky behavior," said
16-year-old Amy Cook, also a Shiloh student. "I want them to know."

The Georgia Department of Human Resources reports 106 children with AIDS,
ranging in age from birth to 13.

About 40,000 Georgians have AIDS and about 800 of them live in the Gwinnett
area, officials estimate.

According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, AIDS has become the
sixth-leading cause of death among people ages 15-24.

For this reason, AID Gwinnett has chosen to make the education of teenagers - by
allowing them to teach each other about the disease - a priority.

Visual AIDS is one of several programs offered by AID Gwinnett, the only AIDS
service organization in Gwinnett, Rockdale and Newton counties. AID Gwinnett
started as a support group for people with the virus. Now it also offers support
to family and friends of AIDS patients and provides educational programs for the
community. It also maintains an assistance program, including in-home care,
transportation and the delivery of meals.

In three years, the nonprofit agency has grown from 25 volunteers to 190 and its
clientele has risen more than 1,000 percent, officials said.

Volunteers are working elbow-to-elbow in their county-owned Oak Street offices,
where the agency has been located since 1991. But businesses in the county have
been reluctant to lease space to the agency, according to AID Gwinnett board
chairman Renee Unterman.

Jere Jordon, who heads Visual AIDS, said the teenagers in the program are
committed to it.

"They are so interested in the effort, they requested additional classes in peer
counseling skills," she said. They also insisted on taking a 10-week training
course instead of eight weeks, she added.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942220045

GRAPHIC: Color photo: Shiloh students Cassie Campbell and Susan Hocevar practice
an AIDS presentation. / JERRY FINLAY / Staff

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                             639 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                   October 5, 1992 Monday Burlington Edition

Tots to pops join walkathon to battle AIDS stereotypes

SOURCE: THE SPECTATOR

BYLINE: By KAREN O'BRIEN

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 621 words

DATELINE: ST. CATHARINES


Multicolored balloons floated into the air as the first strains of That's What
Friends Are For rang out at Montebello Park.

It was an ebullient beginning to the second annual 10-kilometre (six-mile) walk
to raise money for AIDS education and support services in Niagara.

Organized by the AIDS Committee of Niagara, the walkathon drew 200 eager
participants ranging from tots to grandparents. The event was supported by
volunteers from the Niagara Centre for Independent Living, Palliative Care
Services at Greater Niagara General Hospital, St. Catharines General Hospital
and Hotel Dieu Hospital.

Rocky start

AIDS Awareness Week, which runs till Sunday, got off to a rocky start when St.
Catharines Councillor Ed Birmingham told Niagara council on Thursday the
campaign was anti-family and would promote immorality.

AIDS Committee chairperson Norma Medulun said, 'As long as Ed Birmingham still
has those attitudes, we know our work is not done.'

She said he has inadvertently become a partner with AIDS workers by showing them
they must never become complacent in the fight to educate the public about AIDS.

Other AIDS workers agreed that, although attitudes are changing, much work
remains to be done in convincing the public AIDS is not just a disease of
homosexual men.

David, 37, has full-blown AIDS. He did not want his real name used because there
is still a stigma attached to the disease.

How did he get AIDS? 'It shouldn't matter,' he said. 'Whether it's through
transfusions, sex or through drugs, it shouldn't matter.

'It is still a life-threatening disease.'

David had to leave his job and is on disability pension. His wife is also
infected but continues to work. He said people have to learn AIDS affects
couples, women and children as well as men.

While some of his close friends know he has AIDS, he said, 'You have to be
careful who you tell.'

The first reaction of family members is often embarrassment, he said. 'They
don't want anyone to know.'

And people may not want their children to attend classes with a child who has
the disease. 'That's the attitude that has to change,' he said.

His advice for dealing with people who have AIDS: 'Treat them just the same as
if they didn't have AIDS. They're still the same person inside.'

'A lot of the same stereotypes are there,' agreed Linda Deatcher, support and
education co-ordinator for the AIDS committee. 'They think it's just a gay
disease, just a drug users' disease.

'They're afraid to be near someone with AIDS, afraid to touch them.'

Because of the stigma, families of people with AIDS often keep the disease a
secret even when a relative dies. Ms Deatcher said those families can't grieve
properly because they're too intent on keeping the secret.

In fact, she said, because of the stigma, many of those with AIDS or their
families would not attend a candlelight vigil last night at St. George's church.

She has seen families more willing to accept the fact their loved ones are going
to die from AIDS than they are willing to accept a relative's homosexuality.

Phobias in way

That means educators must get past the AIDS phobia and homophobia to fight the
disease effectively.

Alan Spencer, manager of the AIDS program for the Niagara health services
department, said 55 cases of AIDS have been diagnosed in Niagara since 1982.
Sixteen of the patients are still alive. Another 11 people who live in Niagara
were diagnosed in other communities.

He said 110 people have been found to have the human immunodeficiency virus,
believed to cause AIDS. But, he added, 'the true extent of the epidemic is not
known.'

March organizers were hoping to raise $11,000, but a final tally from the walk
was not available.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1992 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                             640 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                October 6, 1991, SUNDAY, LATE FIVE STAR Edition

AIDS VICTIM BLAMES 'INCORRECT' TARGET

BYLINE: Charles Krauthammer Column

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 536 words


WASHINGTON (REST) Kimberly Bergalis, 23 years old and dying of AIDS, came to
Washington last month on a crusade. She contracted AIDS from her dentist and
wants Congress to impose mandatory AIDS testing for medical workers. She wants
to spare others her fate.  Bergalis' story is moving. But mandatory testing is a
terrible idea. The numbers just don't add up. In the entire history of AIDS
there is but a single case of a doctor giving AIDS to his patients (Bergalis'
dentist). A million Americans carry the HIV virus. Five got it from medical
workers. (All from Bergalis' dentist.) It would cost about a quarter of a
billion dollars every year to test American health-care workers. To save five
patients a decade? However heartbreaking Bergalis' story, this is insane public
policy. There are a thousand ways to spend that kind of money and save a hundred
times more lives (immunizing kids against diseases, for example).  Kimberly's
crusade is so obviously misguided that her story risks being dismissed as a mere
tragic aberration. But there is a far deeper meaning to Kimberly Bergalis, and
it has nothing to do with health-care workers. It has to do with taking
responsibility for the spread of AIDS. Bergalis is the first politically
incorrect AIDS victim. Instead of hurling ''J'accuse'' at George Bush or
Cardinal O'Connor or a bigoted citizenry, she hurled it at another AIDS victim
and, by implication, at the entire AIDS community: You killed me. Which is why
she has been shunned by mainstream gay-rights and AIDS activists. None has been
in touch with her to express sympathy.  In the public mind, the allocation of
blame for AIDS has seen three stages.  When the cause of AIDS first became
known, AIDS patients were seen as victims of their own appetites. Then, with
Ryan White, the young hemophiliac, they began to be seen as victims of fate. Now
AIDS activists are trying to portray AIDS patients as the victims of an
indifferent or homophobic society.  In the middle of a concerted campaign to
persuade the American public that AIDS sufferers are victims of you and me,
along comes Bergalis and blames an AIDS patient. She reminds the country that
for every person who gets HIV, there is an HIV carrier who gave it to her.  Some
epidemics can be laid at the feet of government and some cannot. In a free
society, government can do little to influence the spread of a behavioral
epidemic, and AIDS is the quintessential behavioral epidemic. In a country where
the right to privacy is singularly cherished, it is absurd to blame government
for a disease that spreads through private acts.  Thus, in the absence of
effective treatment, the single most effective curb on the spread of AIDS is an
ethic of responsibility among HIV sufferers.  Reveal or refrain: Either reveal
one's status to those one might infect or refrain from any behavior that might
lead someone else unwittingly to contract it.  Such an ethic would do far more
to prevent AIDS than mandatory testing of health-care workers (or anyone else
for that matter). It would do far more, too, than all the blame-everybody AIDS
demonstrations that capture the anger but miss the point.  Copyright 1991
Washington Post Writers Group

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             641 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            July 24, 1991, Wednesday

MAKING THE MOST OF FOREIGN AID

BYLINE: SUSAN M. FRANK

SECTION: EDITORIAL PAGES, Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 1028 words


Although Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev's request for financial aid from the
West was turned down at last week's economic summit, it illuminated the massive
demands Eastern Europe - and probably the Soviets - will place on the world's
aid donors. It also highlights the need for a new approach to U.S. foreign aid.

The Senate will have a chance to consider this approach when S. 1435, the first
foreign assistance authorization bill in seven years, comes to the Senate floor
this week. Among the controversial issues in the bill, which was approved by the
Senate Foreign Relations Committee in early July, is how the United tates should
respond to the problem of "tied aid."

Tied aid is a practice enthusiastically embraced by our major trading rivals -
Japan, France, Canada and Germany, among others - whereby cash grants or
low-interest loans for development offered by these countries are earmarked for
purchases of goods or services from the donor country. The annual loss to U.S.
exporters, who are frozen out from competing for major overseas projects as a
result of tied aid, has been estimated at between $ 2.4 billion to $ 4.8 billion
by the Center for Strategic and International Studies.

The problem has become especially acute as Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union
have begun to dismantle their economies and turn to the West for the goods,
services and aid necessary to rebuild and remodel their infrastructure.

The United States distributes its foreign aid through the Agency for
International Development. Despite a sizable AID appropriation of $ 6 billion
for fiscal year 1990, the United States does not "tie" its aid to purchases of
U.S.-made products. According to Sen. David Boren, D-Okla., the United States
gave $ 1.8 billion in aid to Poland and Hungary last year the majority in cash
with only 14 percent of this assistance tied to purchases of U.S. goods. In
contrast, according to the U.S. International Trade Administration, 99 percent
of Japanese aid and 96 percent of German aid to these countries was in the form
of credits that send their goods to Eastern Europe.

Moreover, the United States, unlike its competitors, focuses less than 15
percent of its aid in the area of capital-infrastructure development, an area
favored by Japanese and European aid donors because such projects create a
continuing demand for goods and services from the donor country. S. 1435 adopts
the Bush administration's preferred approach to the tied aid crisis; it merely
authorizes the president to use aid funds in support of trade opportunities and
capital-infrastructure projects if he should so choose.

But despite mounting evidence of the damage done to U.S. competitiveness by
foreign tied aid programs, the administration and its predecessors have
steadfastly refused to use their authority to provide U.S. exporters with the
same competitive advantages.

In 1983, Congress tackled tied aid directly by establishing the Tied Aid Credit
Fund known as the "war chest" within the Export-Import Bank. Despite continuing
authorizations and appropriations, these funds have been underutilized. U.S.
companies competing for export projects subject to tied aid offers from their
competitors report that their war chest requests are met with reluctance,
unreasonable restrictions, impractical standards of proof and inertia. In 1988,
not one dollar of the $ 110 million appropriated to the war chest was used to
fight tied aid. The result is that American companies with the best product at
the best price lose bids because of financing.

The administration insists that engaging in the same unfair, trade- distortin g
practices as everyone else is not the solution. Instead, it is pursuing
international negotiations through the Organization for Economic Cooperation and
Development, which represents the world's major industrialized nations. The
cornerstone of this strategy is to persuade our trading partners- competitors to
embrace the same generous and high-minded aid policy as the United States and
untie or restrain their tied aid. The results have been predictable. The
negotiations have dragged on since the early 1980s. The last session, held in
June, failed to produce adequate results, as have the preceding meetings and
agreements.

The reason is simple. Negotiating without any real leverage is generally
fruitless. Although the administration would never espouse unilateral
disarmament as a negotiating strategy with Saddam Hussein or the Soviets, it
appears to be a central assumption in its strategy to eliminate tied aid.

Sens. Boren, Lloyd Bentsen, D-Texas, Robert Byrd, D-W.Va., and Max Baucus,
D-Mont., have introduced a bill as an alternative to the "business as usual"
tied aid provisions of S. 1435. Their Aid for Trade Bill would reorient U.S.
foreign aid, help U.S. exporters now and provide an incentive to our trading
partners- competitors to negotiate in earnest. The bill directs an increasing
share of U.S. aid toward capital projects, limits cash giveaways not tied to the
purchase of U.S. goods and beefs up the war chest with particular emphasis on
Eastern Europe.

The aim of the bill, as Sen. Boren has said, is to provide U.S. taxpayers with a
return on their investment in other countries' development. The bill is also an
acknowledgement that the United States cannot continue its policy of ''noblesse
oblige" in foreign aid. Our intractable trade balance and increasing dependence
upon exports for growth have made a foreign aid policy of "no strings attached"
a luxury we can no longer afford.

Adoption of the Aid for Trade provisions in place of S. 1435's vague admonitions
would provide a welcome and necessary element of reality in U.S. trade policy.
The administration strategy of leading by example and hoping against hope for
the best from OECD negotiations may be ideologically satisfying to free traders
but it will never get results. Until the United States provides its own
companies with an arsenal of support and redirects overseas aid toward getting a
return on the taxpayers' investment, the Japanese and Europeans will keep
laughing - all the way to the bank.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: Susan Frank is an attorney in the Washington, D.C., office of

                  Copyright 1991 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             642 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                              May 7, 1991 Tuesday

THREAT TO LEGAL AID SYSTEM

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: VOISEY M

LENGTH: 635 words


Threat to legal aid system Govt must pay _ law society By MARK VOISEY
QUEENSLAND'S legal aid scheme was in danger of breaking down for want of proper
State Government support and funding, the Queensland Law Society said yesterday.
The society said that unless the Government was prepared to provide the support,
it should get out of legal aid and leave it to the legal profession. The attack
was branded ""absolute rubbish" by the Attorney-General, Mr Wells, who said the
legal aid service was in a ""very good state of health". But Queensland Law
Society president, Mr Peter Short, said more and more law firms were refusing
legal aid work during the hard economic times because of the losses involved.
""If a legal practice is run on 70 percent overheads and it is already
discounting its legal aid work by 20 percent, it is running on a very slim
margin," he said. ""The discount at the moment, because the fees for legal aid
work have been held down artificially, is more like 40 percent so legal aid work
at present is being done by the legal profession at a loss. ""More and more
firms are simply declining, because of economic circumstances, to take on legal
aid work." Mr Short said if the Government did not provide the funding it should
""get out of it completely". ""That would be logical and efficient ," he said.
""The legal profession already contributes by far the greatest percentage of the
financial support for the scheme and, after all, it was an initiative of the
profession not the government to begin with. ""Government only became involved
when they could bask in the reflected glory of the legal aid schemes but they
have never been prepared to pay their way. ""The legal profession should not be
asked to pay for the social programs of government." Mr Short said lawyers had
saved the legal aid scheme tens of millions of dollars over the past decade by
providing services for 80 percent of the normal fee. Interest on solicitors'
trust accounts had generated a further $58 million in that time. ""That means
the solicitors and barristers in Queensland put in about $10 million per year to
support legal aid," Mr Short said. ""In contrast to this significant support the
State Government has provided absolutely nothing for legal aid." The
Commonwealth Government provides about $15 million a year in legal aid, while
the State Government funds the Public Defender. Mr Short said while solicitors
performed legal aid work at a loss out of a sense of public duty, their patience
was being severely tried by a lack of government understanding. ""It would be a
very great pity if this lack of understanding meant that the legal aid schemes
in this country falter, as has legal aid in some parts of Canada where the
profession is simply saying enough is enough and turning its back on legal aid,"
Mr Short said. Mr Short also criticised the merger of the Legal Aid Office and
Public Defender's Office which he said had not cut costs. ""Nor is it likely to
achieve any significant efficiencies or economies in the long term," Mr Short
said. ""The opposite is probably the case, because significant capital
expenditure will be incurred in bringing the two functions together ." Mr Wells
said he had yet to be told of the proposition that the legal profession take
over responsibility for legal aid. He also said there had been a marginal
increase in the number of solicitors taking on legal aid work because it was
followed by guaranteed and prompt payment. ""It is absolute rubbish to suggest
legal aid is in danger of collapsing. It's in a very good state of health," Mr
Wells said. ""Most of the complaints about legal aid funding don't come from the
dedicated firms which do legal aid work but from other members of the profession
who would like to do legal aid work.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             643 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            March 12, 1991, Tuesday

TIED AID SUBSIDY

SECTION: EDITORIAL PAGES, Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 651 words


WHEN THE UNITED STATES gives economic aid to foreign nations, it attaches few
strings. Poor countries, in most cases, are free to spend the money as they
wish. That's not the case with many U.S. trading partners, which often supply
aid only if the recipient country agrees to buy their goods. Four U.S. senators
now are trying to do the same with U.S. aid. It is a tempting but ill-advised
proposition.

Forcing poor nations to buy expensive products from a single country distorts
the open world trading system the United States supports. It also drives up the
cost of goods for the developing nation and may force it to buy ig-ticket items
- power plants, for example - that it doesn't need.

Only one-fifth of 1 percent of the U.S. gross national product goes to foreign
aid, less than any of the world's leading 10 aid donors. Still, that amounts to
about $ 7.7 billion in foreign aid. Legislation introduced last week by Sens.
David Boren, D-Okla.; Lloyd Bentsen, D-Texas; Robert Byrd, D-W. Va.; and Max
Baucus, D-Mont., ultimately would require that 90 percent of that aid be used to
buy U.S. goods.

Their motivation is clear enough. Almost 99 percent of Japanese aid to Eastern
Europe and 96 percent of German aid to the region - apart from debt relief - was
designed to promoteexports, mainly through credits and low- interest loans. Only
14 percent of U.S. aid was similarly linked. Moreover, the United States gives
away more of its aid in cash payments - 60 percent last year - than other
countries. The legislation would cut U.S. cash aid to 10 percent by 1997. More
U.S. aid also would be earmarked for big capital projects.

Tying foreign aid to a country's exports can help to open potentially lucrative
markets for companies in the donor country. But it also means that companies
dealing with a captive foreign buyer have little incentive to offer the best
price. That cuts into the developing countries' buying power.

The United States has been trying for years to force its trading partners to cut
back on so-called tied aid. But negotiations through the Organization for
Economic Cooperation and Development have made minimal progress. New talks are
under way, but no agreement is in sight.

In the meantime, the United States has begun to fight fire with fire. Last year,
Congress approved a $ 500 million program that blends foreign aid with
traditional export financing. Through these "mixed credits," the United States,
in a small way, is joining in the aid-for-trade scheme.

But it does so at the expense of the countries that receive the aid. Each poor
and developing nation has its own needs. Eastern European countries may benefit
from big telecommunications projects, but Latin American countries may need cash
for basic health programs. This becomes more difficult under the proposed
legislation.

Moreover, U.S. foreign aid always has been used to promote democracy and
capitalism, not to buy foreign market shares. These original goals are still
important.

The Agency for International Development, the State Department office that
distributes foreign aid, should work more closely with U.S. embassies to ensure
that U.S. aid is used to the greatest extent to buy U.S. goods. The United
States also can increase funding for the Export-Import Bank, whose job is to
provide loan guarantees and direct loans to help U.S. companies increase
exports.

In the meantime, the United States should press hard in the OECD talks to limit
tied aid. Ironically, the new legislation may provide leverage for U.S.
negotiators - if other countries believe the United States is ready to enter the
tied aid game, they may be persuaded to cut back.

Tied aid ultimately is another form of export subsidy that distorts world trade
and may skew the kinds of aid poor countries need most. The United States should
continue to resist it and press its allies to do the same.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH EDITORIAL

                  Copyright 1991 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             644 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                Sunday Tasmanian

                             August 20, 1989 Sunday

BYLINE: PROD

LENGTH: 425 words


First-aid courses for everyone EVERY year public ignorance of basic first aid
contributes to many unnecessary deaths and to numerous cases of permanent
disability.

In an emergency a basic knowledge of first-aid techniques can be the difference
between life and death. Accidents can happen to anyone, anywhere.

As part of its health and safety education program, Red Cross first-aid courses
are available to anyone who wants to learn life-saving techniques.

First-aid courses range from only a few hours to 30 hours duration, depending on
the level of skills taught to participants.

Senior first-aid (20 hours) is a standard certificate course that develops basic
first-aid skills and knowledge to provide competent emergency care and meet
employer requirements.

The refresher senior first-aid course (10 hours) is a renewal of senior first-
aid certificate within two years.

Advanced general first aid (30 hours) prepares participants to a high standard
of competency in first aid and emergency care.

Occupational first-aid (30 hours) provides broad knowledge and skills relevant
to emergency care in working environment.

Cardio-pulmonary resuscitation (4 hours) provides knowledge and skills to
maintain/restore breathing and circulation in adult/child/infant, with one or
two rescuers.

Advanced cardio-pulmonary resuscitation (6 hours plus exam) trains participants
in selection/use of mechanical aids to resuscitation.

Essential first-aid (8 hours) covers skills and knowledge critical to saving
life and minimising the severity of injury or sudden illness, including
cardio-pulmonary resuscitation, safety awareness, accident prevention.

Motorists' first-aid (8 hours) is a concise basic first-aid program that
prepares participants to give emergency care to victims of road accidents,
including cardio-pulmonary resuscitation.

Sports injury first-aid (20 hours) enables identification of sports
injury/assessment of severity/decision-making re emergency care and continuation
of sports activity.

In school courses, essential first aid (6 hours plus exam for grade 10 students)
is a concise course teaching skills critical to saving life, including
cardio-pulmonary resuscitation.

Preliminary first aid (6 hours plus exam) is for young people between 11-15
years, providing basic knowledge and skills to give immediate first aid,
including expired air resuscitation.

Safety is no accident (6-8 hours) is an elementary first aid program including
first aid, self help, health education, accident awareness and prevention.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: STS

                   Copyright 1989 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             645 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    July 26, 1989, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Her message: AIDS affects 'us'

BYLINE: Carol Memmott

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 295 words


Mason's determination to learn about AIDS led to her appointment last week by
President Bush to the National Commission on AIDS. Tuesday, the Tobinsport,
Ind., free-lance writer was with Sen. Ted Kennedy, D-Mass., as he announced new
plans to deal with the AIDS crisis.

As the only member of the AIDS commission infected with the virus, Mason will
travel across the USA, meeting and exchanging information with other AIDS
patients.

Mason also heads the Board of Directors of the National Association of People
with AIDS, headquartered in Washington. Its goal: ''Teaching people how to live
with AIDS and HIV (human immunodeficiency virus) ... as opposed to teaching
people how to die.''

Meanwhile, Mason's own health problems include chronic fatigue and respiratory
ailments.

The National Association of People with AIDS estimates that 98 percent of people
with HIV positive become fatally ill within 10 years.

''A profound sadness permeates our family,'' says Mason, who with husband
Stephen Carden has two children: Polly, 6, and Clayton, 2.

''But at the same time we have a real sense of the preciousness of the time we
spend together.''

As a wife and mother, Mason hopes to break the stereotype that most AIDS
patients -are low-income Hispanics and blacks, intravenous drug users and
homosexuals.

''We have to let people understand that AIDS happens to them, to their sons and
daughters and brothers and sisters,'' she says. ''It happens to 'us,' not other
people.''

She also wants the public and media to stop referring to people with AIDS as
victims. ''People with AIDS are productive and viable members of our community,
not just statistics. I hope I can break down the unfortunate stereotypes that
have held us up in the fight against AIDS.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, Tim Dillon, USA TODAY (Belinda Mason)

CUTLINE: MASON: Working to dispel stereotypes associated with AIDS patients

TYPE: Newsmakers

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                             646 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                           November 24, 1988 Thursday

Australia faces AIDS crisis

BYLINE: SUE QUINN

LENGTH: 775 words


CANBERRA: Not since World War I has an entire generation of Australians faced
such potential damage as that from the AIDS virus.

The latest figures show that as of November 22, 1988, up to 25,000 people in
this country are infected with the AIDS virus. Australia has suffered 1100 cases
of AIDS and 538 of those people are dead.

By 1990, more than 3000 cases of AIDS will have been diagnosed since the virus
first entered Australia.

AIDS is potentially one of the most serious and expensive public health problems
ever to face Australia, and it is a disease which poses a threat to everyone.

The epidemic - which the World Health Organisation estimates will affect between
500,000 and three million people globally by the early 1990s - has changed the
way people relate to each other sexually and socially.

The presence of the virus has highlighted such issues as sexuality, drug use and
discrimination, and has forced the community to reexamine a whole range of moral
issues.

Australia's efforts to contain the spread of AIDS have met with international
respect and recognition. And the Federal Government's discussion paper - AIDS: A
Time to Care a Time to Act - which was released this week, takes Australia a
step closer to developing a national strategy to tackle the AIDS problem.

In a rare display of political bipartisanship, the Community Services and Health
Minister, Dr Blewett, and the Opposition health spokesman, Mr Shack, held a
joint press conference to release the discussion paper.

The Federal Government will draw up an AIDS White Paper in time for next year's
Budget which will set out a national strategy to combat the disease.

The paper, produced by the AIDS unit of the Commonwealth Health Department,
canvassed a range of options, many controversial, which it is hoped will spark
intense community debate.

The paper pointed out that in the absence of a vaccine or cure for AIDS,
education to change "risk behavior" remains the primary means of minimising
transmission of the disease.

Preventative measures advocated by the paper include securing blood and blood
product supplies, ensuring adequate production standards and accessibility of
condoms and distributing sterile injecting equipment.

These measures, the paper says, along with the removal of legal and social
barriers to the required behavior change, are needed to complement and reinforce
education programs.

A gamut of options were canvassed in the paper, from the compulsory national
testing of Australians for AIDS and the compulsory notification of those
perceived to be at immediate risk from an infected person, to a massive
expansion of AIDS education programs.

It also argued state governments may have to consider relaxing laws on
homosexuality, prostitution and drug abuse as such laws may hinder measures to
stop the spread of AIDS by driving underground those most at risk.

Other options included access to abortion for AIDS-infected women, the early
release of infected prisoners, government compensation payments for AIDS
sufferers and legal penalties for those who knowingly transmit the disease.

The paper pointed out that one of the major obstacles in the way of formulating
a rational public policy on AIDS was the public attention on non-proved and
unlikely modes of transmission of the AIDS virus.

Studies in Australia, America, Europe and Africa have documented three forms of
HIV transmission: sexual; perinatal (transmission from mother to child in the
womb, while breast feeding or possibly during birth); and contact with blood or
blood products, donated organs or semen and some other body fluids.

The paper said there were no documented cases of transmission of the AIDS virus
via casual, non-sexual contact, of transmission by insects or through the common
use of facilities such as swimming pools, eating utensils, communion cups or
toilets.

The paper said money spent on preventing the spread of AIDS would be much less
than the cost to the community of each AIDS death, estimated conservatively at
$500,000. This year alone, AIDS will cost Australia about $400 million in
treatment costs and lost productivity.

Treatment costs in 1988 for AIDS and other HIV-related illnesses would be
between $25 and $50 million, and the indirect cost including loss of
productivity of AIDS sufferers and those out of the workforce caring for them
could be $170-$340 million.

Tabling the paper in Parliament this week, Dr Blewett said: "The harsh reality
for Australia is that the AIDS epidemic in this country is still in its infancy;
the long haul is only just beginning."

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: graph: aids cases reported in Australia

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1988 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             647 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      The Goldendale Sentinel (Washington)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 23, 2015

Have you heard about cheaper ways to buy hearing aids?;
Savvy Senior

BYLINE: The Goldendale Sentinel staff

LENGTH: 623  words


Dear Savvy Senior.

Where can we find affordable hearing aids? My husband needs a set but we can't
really afford to pay the exorbitant prices. Can you help us?

Loud-Talking Wife Dear Loud.

It's unfortunate, but millions of Americans with hearing loss don't get hearing
aids because they simply can't afford them. Hearing aids -- typically sold
through audiologists' offices -- are expensive, usually costing between $1,000
to $3,500 per ear What's more, traditional Medicare doesn't cover them and
private insurance typically hasn't either But there are numerous ways to save on
hearing aids if you know where to look. Here are a few tips.

Check Your Insurance

While most private health insurance companies do not cover hearing aids, there
are a few that do. United Healthcare, for example, offers hightech custom
hearing aids to their beneficiaries through Healthlnnovations for $599 to $899
each. And a small number of other plans will pitch in $500 to $1,000 towards the
cost of hearing aids, or give you a discount if you purchase hearing aids from a
contracted provider.

If your husband is a Medicare beneficiary you should know that while original
Medicare (Part A. and B) and Medigap supplemental policies do not cover hearing
aids, there are some Medicare Advantage (Part C) plans that do. To look for a
plan in your area that covers hearing aids visit Medicare.gov/find-a-plan.

If he is a current or retired federal employee enrolled in the Federal Employees
Health Benefits Program, some plans provide hearing aid coverage, including the
Blue Cross Blue Shield plan that covers hearing aids every three years up to
$2,500.

And, if you are on, Medicaid, most state programs cover hearing aids, but
requirements vary. To find out if he qualifies, contact your state's Medicaid
program or visit Medicaid.gov.

Veterans Benefit

If your husband is a veteran, the VA provides a hearing aid benefit if his
hearing loss was connected to military service or linked to a medical condition
treated at a VA hospital. He can also get hearing aids through the VA if his
hearing loss is severe enough to interfere with his activities of daily life. To
learn more, call (877) 222-8387 or visit VA.gov.

Assistance Programs If your income is low, there are various programs and
foundations that provide financial assistance for hearing aids to people in
need. Call your state vocational rehabilitation department (see
parac.org/svrp.html) to find out if there are any city, county, or state
programs, or local civic organizations that could help.

Also contact Sertoma (Sertoma.org or (816) 333-8300), a civic service
organization that offers a comprehensive list of state and national hearing aid
assistance programs. Or call the National Institute on Deafness and Other
Communication Disorders at (800) 241-1044 and ask them to mail you their list of
financial resources.

Cheaper Buying Options

If you are unable to get a third party to help pay for your husbands hearing
aids, you can still save significantly by purchasing his hearing aids at Costco
or online.

Most Costco stores sell top brands of hearing aids for 30 to 50 percent less
than other warehouse chains, hearing aid dealers or audiologists' offices. This
includes an in-store hearing aid test, fitting by a hearing aid specialist and
follow-up care.

And websites like EmbraceHearing.com and Audicus.com, sell quality hearing aids
directly from the manufacturer for as little as $400 or $500. But, he will need
to get a hearing evaluation from a local audiologist first, which can cost
between $50 and $200.

Send your senior questions to: Savvy Senior, P.O. Box 5443, Norman, OK 73070, or
visit SavvySenior.org. Jim Miller is a contributor to the NBC Today show and
author of "The Savvy Senior" book.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Guest Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GLD

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2015 The Goldendale Sentinel


                             648 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                     May 22, 1996, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Legal aid requests drop drastically in Ottawa-Carleton: New eligibility rules,
lawyers' boycott affect applications

BYLINE: DAVE ROGERS; THE OTTAWA CITIZEN

SECTION: CITYLIFE; Pg. C3


The number of people asking for legal aid in Ottawa-Carleton dropped as much as
66 per cent in April. That's when more restrictive eligibility rules came into
effect and most area lawyers began refusing new legal aid cases because of cuts
to what they can bill for their work.

Keith Wilkins, the legal aid director for Ottawa-Carleton, says the number of
applications for legal aid in civil cases declined to 133 in April from 396 in
March, a decrease of 66 per cent. There were 227 legal aid applications for
criminal cases in April, compared to 388 in March, a decline of 41 per cent.

"This decline (in the number of legal-aid applications) seems to be a response
to the bad news in the newspaper about legal aid," Wilkins said.

New eligibility rules limiting the availability of legal aid took effect April
1. Legal aid is now mainly for accused persons who face possible jail terms, and
for family-law cases such as domestic abuse or child custody disputes.

But even people who are eligible for legal aid under the new rules are having
trouble getting representation because criminal and civil lawyers have been
boycotting all new legal aid cases since April. The lawyers say they can't
afford to take new cases because the Law Society of Upper Canada allows them to
bill for only about half the time they usually spend on most legal aid cases.
The lawyers argue the new rates don't cover costs such as rent and salaries for
office staff.

Lisa Edwards, a 32-year-old Ottawa woman, has been trying for two weeks to get a
lawyer to represent her in a child custody case to be heard June 4. Edwards'
former lawyer, Nathalie Champagne, won't accept her case because the fee she
would be paid by legal aid won't pay rent and office expenses.

Edwards, who has been on welfare for two years, says she will apply for a legal
aid certificate, but legal aid will be of no use if she can't get a lawyer to
take her case.

"I have talked to friends and a social worker, but no one knows a lawyer who
will represent me. I am really afraid that if I don't get a lawyer, I will lose
custody of my three-year-old daughter Kayla to my former common-law spouse."

Michael Edelson, head of the Defence Counsel Association of Ottawa-Carleton,
says at least 40 of the region's 60 defence lawyers are boycotting legal aid
work to protest the new fee structure imposed in April. Many people who need
legal aid are representing themselves and are pleading guilty because they can't
get a lawyer, he added.

"The courthouse is quieter than it was two months ago and many courts are
closing by 2 or 3 p.m.," Edelson said. "Many people are just pleading guilty,
even though they have a valid defence.

"It is expediency that is driving the system today, not principle."

One troubling statistic is that the number of applications for legal aid
certificates from women claiming spousal abuse declined to 32 cases in April
from 54 in March.

Wilkins said the women in such situations should apply for legal aid because
they would qualify as priority-one cases where women and children are in danger.

"My concern is that people may be staying in abusive relationships because they
feel there is no way out," Wilkins said. "There have been cutbacks, but people
fleeing abusive relationships continue to qualify for legal aid."

Lise Parent, a spokeswoman for local family law lawyers, said legal aid
officials are urging the needy to apply for legal aid, but they aren't telling
them they will have trouble getting a lawyer even with a legal aid certificate.

Wilkins said lawyers are professionals who will recognize women and children who
are threatened with domestic abuse need their help.

Crown Attorney Andrejs Berzins says he hasn't noticed any change at the Ottawa
courthouse on Elgin Street since defence lawyers voted in April to boycott new
legal aid cases. Berzins suggested some accused are obtaining the services of
lawyers who aren't participating in the boycott.

Edelson, for his part, counters that Berzins doesn't really see what is
happening because he isn't often in court.

Facts

Legal aid: The Ontario Legal Aid program guarantees people of limited financial
means representation in criminal cases, family law and immigration matters.
Eligibility for legal aid depends on a means test based on income, family size
and living expenses. The maximum income allowed is $ 1,000 a month for single
people and $ 1,700 for a couple.

How it works: When their application for legal aid is approved, legal aid
clients receive a certificate which lawyers take to obtain payment. About half
of the 60 defence lawyers working at the Ottawa courthouse have voted not to
accept new legal aid cases. Most family law lawyers have joined the boycott.

Cuts: Faced with provincial budget cuts, the Law Society of Upper Canada has
reduced the number of legal aid certificates it issues and has placed new limits
on billing by lawyers. The society will grant 100,000 certificates in Ontario
this fiscal year, 40,000 fewer than last year. People who don't face jail or
aren't involved in family law cases where there is danger to women or children
are unlikely to get legal aid.



LOAD-DATE: May 23, 1996

LENGTH: 866 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1996 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             649 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                          April 15, 1991, Monday, ME2

Ottawa set to lift ban on visitors with AIDS

BYLINE: CP

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 369 words

DATELINE: VANCOUVER


   VANCOUVER (CP) - Canada is ready to change its policy and allow visitors with
AIDS or HIV infections into the country, federal Health Minister Perrin Beatty
announced last night.

Beatty won loud applause at the opening of a national AIDS convention when he
declared Immigration Minister Barbara McDougall will be asked to "ensure that
visitors with AIDS or HIV infections will be treated in exactly the same manner
as any other visitor to Canada."

In the past, people who admitted to HIV infection at the border were turned away
except for two special events - an international AIDS conference in Montreal in
1989 and the Gay Games in Vancouver last year.

And Beatty said McDougall's ministry is "reviewing this question (admitting
people with AIDS infection) as part of a larger assessment of immigration
medical issues."

He spoke at the largest AIDS conference held in Canada.

Beatty also promised:

* Improved AIDS policies in the workplace.

* $30 million for AIDS research.

* $34 million for a national AIDS strategy.

Beatty also promised the conference will hear the results of a federal study
into the incidence of AIDS in prisons. Corrections Canada, he said, will be
asked to co-operate in changing its policies.

A dozen angry ACT-UP protesters pelted Beaty with peanuts at the start of the
convention.

Shouting "peanuts for AIDS" the protesters - members of the AIDS Coalition to
Unleash Power - unfurled a banner and shouted over Beatty as he spoke.

"Release all drugs to PWAs (persons with AIDS)," said protestor John Kozachenko.
"PWAs should make decisions which drugs, what dosages and what we want to do
with our lives."

"No matter how loud you shout you won't stop me talking to persuade people to
fight AIDS," Beatty told the protestors.

B.C. Health Minister John Jansen indicated earlier he planned to amend his
ministry's policy, which requires AIDS sufferers to pay 20 per cent of the cost
of the expensive anti-AIDS drug, AZT.

But Kozachenko told Beatty and the 650 delegates that Jansen's hints are "too
little too late."

The AIDS conference has attracted a host of medical experts and runs until
Wednesday.Canada; AIDS; immigration

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             650 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 12, 1988, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

A Solitary Dissenter Disputes Cause of AIDS

BYLINE: By PHILIP M. BOFFEY

SECTION: Section C; Page 3, Column 5; Science Desk

LENGTH: 728 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 11


A provocative argument that the wrong culprit has been cited as the cause of
AIDS is almost universally rejected by AIDS scientists, but it is gaining
attention in the gay press and other publications and has even piqued the
interest of a White House official.

The argument was put forth by Dr. Peter H. Duesberg, a molecular biologist from
the University of California at Berkeley, in an article last March in the
journal Cancer Research, published by the American Association for Cancer
Research.

Although his paper sank without a ripple in the scientific world, winning few if
any converts, Dr. Duesberg said last week that he has become increasingly
convinced that the so-called AIDS virus - known as the human immunodeficiency
virus, or HIV - is not the primary cause of acquired immune deficiency syndrome,
or even a contributing factor.

Research Targets in Question

The implications of this thesis, should it prove correct, would be emormous.
Virtually all of the research aimed at developing a vaccine to prevent AIDS or
drugs against it would be off target. And the current antibody tests used to
protect the blood supply or identify infected individuals would be pointing in
the wrong direction.

However, virtually all of the leading scientists engaged in AIDS work believe
that Dr. Duesberg is wrong.

''The evidence that HIV causes AIDS is so overwhelming that it almost doesn't
deserve discussion any more,'' said Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National
Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases.

Many scientists believe that other unidentified factors may also be involved in
AIDS, but virtually all believe that HIV is a necessary factor.

Although no scientist working on AIDS has published a detailed response to Dr.
Duesberg, top AIDS experts have cited several reasons for believing that HIV is
the cause of AIDS. For example, the virus is widespread in the groups most
afflicted with AIDS in the United States -homosexual men and intravenous drug
addicts - but scarce in the rest of the population. As time goes on, more of
those infected develop AIDS.

Moreover, in laboratory tests the virus destroys the T-4 cells of the immune
system, the cells that are depleted in AIDS victims. Individuals known to be
infected with the AIDS virus have transmitted it to others who often
subsequently develop AIDS.

In what amounted to an inadvertent experiment of the kind often used to prove
causation of nonlethal diseases, a physician who was accidentally stuck with a
needle carrying blood from a person infected with the AIDS virus subsequently
developed AIDS himself. In addition, the screening test that eliminates blood
contaminated with the AIDS virus has virtually ended the spread of the disease
through transfusions.

Challenging the Virus

Dr. Duesberg, however, believes that while HIV may well be present in some AIDS
victims, it is not responsible for their disease and is not present in all AIDS
victims.

He stressed that it is very difficult to find the virus in AIDS patients and
that it actively infects only a tiny portion of their immune cells, roughly 1 in
10,000 or more cells, making it difficult to believe that the virus could
destroy the whole immune system.

Moreover, he said, while over a million Americans are believed to have been been
infected with HIV, only a small portion of them have developed AIDS and their
disease typically does not show up for at least five years. This suggests, he
said, that some other factor is involved or perhaps some other cause. Most AIDS
patients have antibodies to the virus, which could be a sign that their bodies
have the virus in check, not that they have succumbed to it, Dr. Duesberg said.

Dr. Duesberg suggested that the cluster of symptoms that we now call AIDS may
turn out to have multiple causes and that a virus or other infectious agent may
not even be involved.

AIDS experts insist that the issues raised by Dr. Duesberg have been considered
at length within the scientific community. They cite plausible mechanisms
whereby a tiny fraction of infected cells could disable vast numbers of
additional cells. And they note that among a group of men in San Francisco
infected with HIV for an average of seven years, 30 percent have AIDS and 50
percent have related symptoms.

But they acknowledge that there is much they do not understand about HIV.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             651 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 12, 1985, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

AIDS VIRUS INFECTS BRAIN, STUDIES SAY

BYLINE: By HAROLD M. SCHMECK Jr.

SECTION: Section A; Page 27, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 903 words


The virus that causes AIDS can also produce meningitis, an acute infection of
the membranes that line the brain and spinal cord, according to reports
published yesterday.

The new findings indicate that the AIDS virus must be added to the list of
viruses and bacteria that have long been known to cause meningitis.

Two reports in the current issue of The New England Journal of Medicine
strengthen the evidence that HTLV-III, the virus that causes AIDS, or acquired
immune deficiency syndrome, can produce infections of the brain and central
nervous system, in addition to its well-documented ravages of the body's immune
defense system. In some cases the effects on the brain have appeared before
there was evidence of destruction of the immune system.

The new evidence ''raises the possibility that the central nervous system may
serve as a sanctuary for the virus'' and that this may complicate the task of
developing effective drug treatment against the virus, according to one of the
reports.

Barrier Protects Brain

A natural biochemical barrier, the blood-brain barrier, protects the brain from
many potentially dangerous things the blood can carry, including many drugs.
Because of that a virus that successfully invades the brain might find a
sanctuary there.

This could create ''a potentially large problem,'' said Dr. Martin S. Hirsch of
Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School, one of the leaders of
the research.

The report by his group covered 45 patients suffering from AIDS or AIDS-related
complex who also suffered from meningitis, dementia or other problems of the
brain and central nervous system. The AIDS virus was found in the brain tissues
or cerebrospinal fluid of 24 of 33 patients who had AIDS complicated by
neurologic symptoms, and in 10 of 16 AIDS patients who suffered from dementia,
which involves a loss of memory and other higher mental functions.

The AIDS virus was also found in two patients with AIDS-related complex who had
bouts of acute meningitis and in six others who had chronic meningitis. AIDS
-related complex involves persistent swollen lymph glands and a decrease in the
numbers of a specific type of defense cell, called T-4 cells, that also occurs
in AIDS.

Virus May Reproduce in Brain

''On the basis of the above results,'' the report said, ''we believe that
HTLV-III must be added to the list of viruses capable of causing aseptic
meningitis, particularly in persons at high risk for AIDS.'' The findings do not
suggest that the HTLV-III virus has ever been a cause of meningitis among people
outside the known AIDS risk groups, which include male homosexuals and
intravenous drug users who share needles.

A related report in the journal offered strong evidence that the AIDS virus
grows and reproduces in the brains of AIDS patients, although the specific types
of brain cells that are infected are not known.

AIDS was originally defined as a disease that destroys the patient's immune
system, but many reports in the past year have also linked the AIDS virus to
dementia and damage to the brain and spinal cord.

It has long been known that many AIDS patients suffer such effects as dementia,
indicating that the brain has been damaged, but it was originally thought that
these effects might result from other infections to which the patients became
susceptible because their immune systems were damaged.

AIDS Virus Attacks Brain

Much new evidence suggests instead that the AIDS virus itself attacks the brain.
The second report in The New England Journal describes research that
demonstrated the presence of antibodies to the AIDS virus inside the blood-brain
barrier. The antibodies are believed to reflect virus infection.

The circumstances, said Dr. Robert C. Gallo of the National Cancer Institute,
provided strong evidence that the antibodies were produced inside the barrier
and did not simply represent ''leakage'' from the outside.

The report, of which Dr. Gallo was one author, said one patient suffering acute
meningitis developed antibodies to the AIDS virus in the course of the acute
meningitis attack.

The first of the two related reports on the links between AIDS and brain disease
was a collaboration involving scientists at Massachusetts General Hospital and
New England Deaconess Hospital in Boston and Mount Sinai Medical Center, Miami
Beach.

Evidence of Brain Illness

Involved in the second report were the same three hospitals, the National Cancer
Institute at Bethesda, Md., Litton Bionetics Inc. of Kensington, Md., the
Veterans Administration Wadsworth Medical Center of Los Angeles and University
Hospital in Zurich.

In a recent lecture at Cornell University Medical College here, Dr. Gallo said
accumulating evidence shows that the AIDS virus can produce illness involving
the brain before there are signs of defects in immunity.

A third report on AIDS in the current New England journal said new research has
made it possible to identify those people who have been infected with the
HTLV-III virus who are most likely soon to develop full-scale AIDS. The report
by scientists at Cornell and Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center said it is
possible to identify those likely to develop AIDS by the presence of swollen
lymph glands and mouth infections caused by micro-organisms called candida if
such patients' T-cells also respond in certain specific ways to laboratory
tests.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             652 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                    SUNCOAST HEARING AIDS & REPAIR SERVICES

                             6888 Lincoln Ave. # G
                             Buena Park,  CA 90620
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (714) 229-9178
FAX: (714) 229-9187
URL: www.suncoasthearingaids.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Hearing Aid, buena park hearing aids, garden grove hearing aids, hearing
aids, hearing aid, hearing aid repair, hearing aid dispenser, Vietnamese hearing
aid dispenser, California hearing aids , Mark Haddad Hearing Aid Dispenser,
Charlie Tran Hearing Aid Dispenser, Xuan Anh  Hearing Aids, Digital Hearing
Aids, High Quality Hearing Aids, Low Price Hearing Aids

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             653 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                                  Hart Health

                                4320 S 131st Pl
                               Tukwila,  WA 98168
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 206-242-8228
URL: http://www.normed.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/NorMed
https://plus.google.com/106859778205686781422/posts
https://twitter.com/NorMedInc

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 12725935

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  ANSI
GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Hart Health is a distributor, manufacturer, and supplier focussed on First Aid,
First Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, Tourniquets, Packaging, and 5 other Product
& Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Hart Health does business in the
Agriculture, Automotive, and Biomedical Industries, as well as 20 other major
Manufacturing Industries. Hart Health has at least 3 business locations. The
company describes itself via it's website thusly: "National distributor and
manufacturer of first aid supplies and medical supplies including first aid kits
and bandages. Based in Seattle, Washington, USA."
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; manufacturer; supplier; Other Miscellaneous
Nondurable Goods Merchant Wholesalers

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
81141108
SIC CODES:
36480000
CAGE CODES:
4V412
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies
     ·    Tourniquets


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies
     ·    Tourniquets


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Packaging


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Construction
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Mining
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Acid
     ·    Activated Charcoal
     ·    Aerosols
     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Ammonium
     ·    Benzalkonium Chloride
     ·    Calcium
     ·    Calcium Carbonate
     ·    Calcium Gluconate
     ·    Cellophane
     ·    Charcoal
     ·    Disinfectants
     ·    Flexible Foam
     ·    Gels
     ·    Glass
     ·    Gold
     ·    Hydrogen
     ·    Hydrogen Peroxide
     ·    Isopropyl Alcohol
     ·    Neoprene
     ·    Nitriles
     ·    Nylon
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Polyethylene
     ·    Polypropylene
     ·    Polystyrene
     ·    Prescription Drugs
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Sodium
     ·    Sodium Chloride
     ·    Sponge Rubber
     ·    Stainless Steel
     ·    Steel


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
DIVERSITY BUSINESS:  Small Disadvantaged Business


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Absorbents, Acetaminophen, Acid, Activated Charcoal, Adhesive
Tapes, Aerosol Cans, Aerosols, Alcohol, Ammonium, Ampules, Analgesics, Aneroids,
Anesthetics, Antacids, Anti-Vibration Gloves, Antibiotics, Antimicrobials,
Antiseptics, Applicators, Aspirin, Bacitracin, Backpacks, Benzalkonium Chloride,
Bladders, Bouffant Caps, Braces, Briefcases, Buckles, Bulbs, Burn Kits, Calcium,
Calcium Carbonate, Calcium Gluconate, Canisters, Caplets, Cardboard, Cardboard
Boxes, Cartridges, Catheters, Cellophane, Cellulose, Charcoal, Cleaners, Cloth,
Compounds, Containers, Contaminants, Cord, Cotton, Cotton Balls, Cotton Swabs,
Coupons, Coveralls, Coverlets, Crutch Hand Grips, Crutches, Cuffs, Desks,
Diagnostic Instruments, Disinfectants, Dividers, Drawers, Enamels, Extractors,
Face Masks, Face Shields, Feet, Filaments, Filters, First Aid, First Aid
Cabinets, First Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, Flats, Flexible Foam, Foam Pads,
Furniture, Gaskets, Gels, Glass, Gold, Gowns, Guards, Guides, Hanging Brackets,
Hearing Protection, Helmets, Hydrogen, Hydrogen Peroxide, Inflatables, Isopropyl
Alcohol, Jars, Lasers, Lens Cleaners, Lift Gates, Lifts, Lights, Luers,
Magnifiers, Mailing Lists, Mannequins, Masks, Measures, Metal Boxes, Metal
Cabinets, Molds, Mountings, Muscle Relaxants, Neoprene, Nipples, Nitriles,
Nylon, Nylon Bags, Ointments, Oxygen, Oxygen Regulators, Packaging, Panels,
Paper Products, Patches, Permanent Magnets, Pharmaceutical, Pharmaceuticals,
Pillows, Pills, Pins, Plastic Baskets, Plastic Bottles, Plastic Boxes, Plastics,
Poles, Polyethylene, Polypropylene, Polystyrene, Posts, Prescription Drugs,
Rails, Reagents, Removers, Respirators, Restraints, Rings, Rubber, Safety Glass,
Safety Glasses, Salt, Scoops, Scrapers, Sheets, Sodium, Sodium Chloride,
Solutions, Sphygmomanometers, Sponge Rubber, Spray Bottles, Sprays, Stainless
Steel, Starters, Steel, Steel Boxes, Stethoscopes, Suspensions, Swabs, Syringes,
Tables, Tablets, Teas, Therapeutic Support Gloves, Thermometers, Tourniquets,
Towelettes, Towels, Tubs, Vending Machines, Vinyl Pouches, Wheelchairs, Wire,
Wool, X-Ray, Yellows, Zippers

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                             654 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                            August 12, 2006 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

AIDS conference helps us focus on the need to do more

BYLINE: Janet Bagnall, Montreal Gazette

SECTION: COMMENT; Janet Bagnall; Pg. A20

LENGTH: 756  words


When then-prime minister Brian Mulroney opened Canada's first international AIDS
conference in 1989, AIDS was a terrifying, deadly scourge. In Canada, dying AIDS
patients had their food trays left at the door to their hospital rooms. People
were afraid even to touch them. There was no cure.

On Sunday, the 16th International AIDS conference opens in Toronto, the third of
these conferences to be held in Canada. Between 1989 and 2006, much has changed.

With the advent of antiretroviral therapies 10 years ago, AIDS has slipped off
the radar in North America. In a world that can afford expensive drug therapies,
HIV/AIDS is no longer a death sentence.

AIDS instead seems to have become a Third World illness. In impoverished Africa,
AIDS is sweeping through entire populations, destroying families, economies and
social structures.

In sub-Saharan Africa, home to barely 10 per cent of the world's population,
more than 1,000 people die every day of AIDS. That represents nearly four in
every five deaths from AIDS around the world. Ninety-two per cent of the
children orphaned by AIDS are in sub-Saharan Africa. It is an unsustainable
burden for such a fragile area. Botswana, with just two million inhabitants, is
facing "extinction," its president told a journalist in Africa recently. The
journalist, Sue Armstrong, wrote that life expectancy in Botswana dropped 25
years to below 40 by the early 2000s. It will drop further, to 30, within four
years unless the AIDS epidemic is stopped.

Faced with the unthinkable, Botswana has mounted the largest publicly funded
HIV/AIDS treatment program in the world. It has undertaken to provide
antiretroviral drugs to all who need them.

Providing treatment to everyone who needs it anywhere in the world is precisely
the course of action required if the HIV/AIDS epidemic is to be brought under
control, according to a research model carried out by the British Columbia
Centre for Excellence in HIV/AIDS, published in the Lancet.

B.C. researchers said their mathematical model showed that providing
antiretroviral therapy to every person in the world infected with HIV would stop
the epidemic within 50 years. The researchers proposed treating people who are
HIV-positive from the time of diagnosis rather than waiting until the person has
low CD4 cell counts. Low counts leave people open to infections of all kinds.
The cost would be about $7 billion a year.

Could money on this scale ever be available to treat a single illness? If it is
made available, it will certainly be in part because of the international AIDS
conferences. The conferences have served to keep the world informed.

As many as 24,000 participants will attend the Toronto conference, 10 times as
many as attended the first conference in Atlanta in 1985.

Over the years, some participants have decided against attending these
conferences, not convinced that the science is worth the trip. Others worry that
donor fatigue will set in. Governments find other priorities. The urgency fades,
no matter how often Stephen Lewis, the UN special envoy on HIV/AIDS issues,
lectures "delinquent" Canadians.

Lewis flayed Canada for neglecting its promise of two years ago to supply
medicine to countries struggling with a pandemic. The federal government needs
only to issue a licence for generic drugs, Lewis said this week. It hasn't done
that.

Here at home, the death rate from AIDS has fallen. In 1993, 1,564 Canadians died
from AIDS. In 2003, 440 died of AIDS. There are 58,000 people living with AIDS.
Of that total, an alarming number, an estimated 15,000 Canadians don't know that
they have HIV/AIDS.

North Americans are not taking AIDS seriously enough, warned Dr. Julio Montaner,
with the B.C. Centre for Excellence and considered one of the world's experts in
AIDS.

In Canada, like everywhere else in the world, HIV/AIDS strikes people on the
margins -- intravenous drug users, women forced into unprotected sex. Yet Canada
will spend less than $10 million on prevention, a sum experts say is inadequate.

Would we all know any of this if it were not for the international HIV/AIDS
conference? We could find out, if we wanted, but that's not the same thing as
not being able to avoid the information. That alone makes the conferences
worthwhile.

More than three million people around the world die of HIV/AIDS every year.
Tuberculosis claims two million a year and malaria more than one million.

We need more international conferences, not fewer. Cures and treatment for
tuberculosis and malaria should also be championed at world forums.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2006 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                             655 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 18, 2017 Saturday

Division of State Aid Road Construction; authorize to administer a bridge
replacement project on Mississippi Highway 407 in Attala County.

LENGTH: 805  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jackson: Mississippi Legislature has issued the following Status of House Bill:




  MISSISSIPPI LEGISLATURE



 2017 Regular Session



 To: Transportation



 By: Representatives White, Hood

 House Bill 939

 (As Passed the House)



 AN ACT TO CREATE NEW SECTION 65-9-35, MISSISSIPPI CODE OF 1972, TO AUTHORIZE
THE DIVISION OF STATE AID ROAD CONSTRUCTION TO ADMINISTER A CERTAIN BRIDGE
REPLACEMENT PROJECT ON MISSISSIPPI HIGHWAY 407 IN ATTALA COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI; TO
BRING FORWARD SECTION 65-9-29, MISSISSIPPI CODE OF 1972, FOR PURPOSES OF
POSSIBLE AMENDMENT; AND FOR RELATED PURPOSES.





      BE IT ENACTED BY THE LEGISLATURE OF THE STATE OF MISSISSIPPI:



      SECTION 1.  The following shall be codified as Section 65-9-35,
Mississippi Code of 1972:



           65-9-35.  In addition to any authority granted to the Division of
State Aid Road Construction in Chapter 9, Title 65, Mississippi Code of 1972,
and notwithstanding any general prohibition contained therein with respect to
the administration by the division of certain federal funds on designated state
highways, the division is authorized and empowered to administer a project
utilizing available federal and state funds to reconstruct that portion of
designated Mississippi Highway 407 in Attala County, Mississippi, that spans
Tibby Creek in Section 25, Township 16 North, Range 9 East, jurisdiction for the
maintenance of which is, on the effective date of this act, vested in Attala
County.



           SECTION 2.  Section 65-9-29, Mississippi Code of 1972, is brought
forward as follows:



      65-9-29.  (1)  Federal aid secondary funds allocated to Mississippi and to
be expended on the federal aid secondary system roads shall be expended as
follows:



           (a)  Effective only upon the passage of an act of the Legislature
providing state aid funds, federal aid secondary funds allocated to Mississippi
and to be expended on the federal aid secondary system shall be divided between
the Mississippi Department of Transportation and the several counties, so that
fifty percent (50%) will be matched by the Mississippi Department of
Transportation and expended on the federal aid secondary system roads on the
state highway system, and fifty percent (50%) matched by the counties with state
aid funds and expended on the federal aid secondary roads of the state aid road
system.



           (b)  Such division will be made upon allocation by the Administrator
of the Federal Highway Administration after the Department of Transportation
provides for the matching of the percent of such allotment as covered by federal
act and available for financing in part the Mississippi Department of
Transportation's Division of Highway Planning.  The expenditure of all federal
aid secondary funds shall be through and under the Department of Transportation,
subject to and in accordance with all rules and regulations and applicable laws
of the federal government.



           (c)  The amount of funds allocated to each county for use on State
Aid System roads shall be apportioned among the counties of this state by the
Mississippi Transportation Commission subject to and in accordance with
applicable federal law, rules and regulations, and limited to such counties as
recommended by the State Aid Engineer.  The Mississippi Transportation
Commission is authorized to finance from its own funds the preliminary surveys,
engineering and plans for all work involving funds expended on federal aid
secondary projects on the state aid road system, and the rights-of-way required
for state aid system roads constructed with federal aid secondary funds shall be
provided by the county receiving such aid from its funds other than state aid
funds.  The Mississippi Transportation Commission shall program federal aid
secondary funds made available to the counties under this act on such projects
and limited to such counties as recommended by the State Aid Engineer.



      (2)  Federal "safer off-system" funds, and/or any other available federal
road funds, except the federal aid secondary funds hereinabove provided for
separately, allocated to Mississippi and to be expended on county roads, but not
on the designated state highway system, shall be expended as follows:



           (a)  Federal "safer off-system" funds and/or any such other available
federal road funds shall be matched with available state aid funds and expended
on such county roads.



           (b)  The expenditure of such federal "safer off-system" funds and all
such other available federal road funds shall be through and under the
Mississippi Department of Transportation, subject to, and in accordance with,
all rules and regulations and applicable laws of the federal government.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             656 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 13, 2017 Monday

Division of State Aid Road Construction; authorize to administer a bridge
replacement project on Mississippi Highway 407 in Attala County.

LENGTH: 804  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jackson: Mississippi Legislature has issued the following Status of House Bill:




  MISSISSIPPI LEGISLATURE



 2017 Regular Session



 To: Transportation



 By: Representatives White, Hood

 House Bill 939

 (As Passed the House)



 AN ACT TO CREATE NEW SECTION 65-9-35, MISSISSIPPI CODE OF 1972, TO AUTHORIZE
THE DIVISION OF STATE AID ROAD CONSTRUCTION TO ADMINISTER A CERTAIN BRIDGE
REPLACEMENT PROJECT ON MISSISSIPPI HIGHWAY 407 IN ATTALA COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI; TO
BRING FORWARD SECTION 65-9-29, MISSISSIPPI CODE OF 1972, FOR PURPOSES OF
POSSIBLE AMENDMENT; AND FOR RELATED PURPOSES.





      BE IT ENACTED BY THE LEGISLATURE OF THE STATE OF MISSISSIPPI:



      SECTION 1.  The following shall be codified as Section 65-9-35,
Mississippi Code of 1972:



           65-9-35.  In addition to any authority granted to the Division of
State Aid Road Construction in Chapter 9, Title 65, Mississippi Code of 1972,
and notwithstanding any general prohibition contained therein with respect to
the administration by the division of certain federal funds on designated state
highways, the division is authorized and empowered to administer a project
utilizing available federal and state funds to reconstruct that portion of
designated Mississippi Highway 407 in Attala County, Mississippi, that spans
Tibby Creek in Section 25, Township 16 North, Range 9 East, jurisdiction for the
maintenance of which is, on the effective date of this act, vested in Attala
County.



           SECTION 2.  Section 65-9-29, Mississippi Code of 1972, is brought
forward as follows:



      65-9-29.  (1)  Federal aid secondary funds allocated to Mississippi and to
be expended on the federal aid secondary system roads shall be expended as
follows:



           (a)  Effective only upon the passage of an act of the Legislature
providing state aid funds, federal aid secondary funds allocated to Mississippi
and to be expended on the federal aid secondary system shall be divided between
the Mississippi Department of Transportation and the several counties, so that
fifty percent (50%) will be matched by the Mississippi Department of
Transportation and expended on the federal aid secondary system roads on the
state highway system, and fifty percent (50%) matched by the counties with state
aid funds and expended on the federal aid secondary roads of the state aid road
system.



           (b)  Such division will be made upon allocation by the Administrator
of the Federal Highway Administration after the Department of Transportation
provides for the matching of the percent of such allotment as covered by federal
act and available for financing in part the Mississippi Department of
Transportation's Division of Highway Planning.  The expenditure of all federal
aid secondary funds shall be through and under the Department of Transportation,
subject to and in accordance with all rules and regulations and applicable laws
of the federal government.



           (c)  The amount of funds allocated to each county for use on State
Aid System roads shall be apportioned among the counties of this state by the
Mississippi Transportation Commission subject to and in accordance with
applicable federal law, rules and regulations, and limited to such counties as
recommended by the State Aid Engineer.  The Mississippi Transportation
Commission is authorized to finance from its own funds the preliminary surveys,
engineering and plans for all work involving funds expended on federal aid
secondary projects on the state aid road system, and the rights-of-way required
for state aid system roads constructed with federal aid secondary funds shall be
provided by the county receiving such aid from its funds other than state aid
funds.  The Mississippi Transportation Commission shall program federal aid
secondary funds made available to the counties under this act on such projects
and limited to such counties as recommended by the State Aid Engineer.



      (2)  Federal "safer off-system" funds, and/or any other available federal
road funds, except the federal aid secondary funds hereinabove provided for
separately, allocated to Mississippi and to be expended on county roads, but not
on the designated state highway system, shall be expended as follows:



           (a)  Federal "safer off-system" funds and/or any such other available
federal road funds shall be matched with available state aid funds and expended
on such county roads.



           (b)  The expenditure of such federal "safer off-system" funds and all
such other available federal road funds shall be through and under the
Mississippi Department of Transportation, subject to, and in accordance with,
all rules and regulations and applicable laws of the federal government.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             657 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Namibian Sun

                             October 3, 2016 Monday

Challenging the dependency on foreign aid

LENGTH: 876  words


Challenging the dependency on foreign aid 0 By Matheus Taapopi

Foreign aid is a tool of diplomacy, a noble cause that has done a lot of good,
but giving and getting money can only feed the hungry and help the sick... it
does not free people from the institutions that make them hungry and sick. It
does not free the poor from the system which depletes their opportunities and
incentives, as aid can provide band-aid solutions to alleviate immediate
suffering, but by its very nature cannot be the platform for long-term
sustainable growth.



The most disheartening fact is that government's critical social programmes
still depend on foreign aid and international partnerships. At a health
conference in 2014, former president Hifikepunye Pohamba admitted that, "...over
the years, donor health financing has been declining, and this impacts both the
funding levels and the technical ability to deliver quality, effective
accessible health care services." This is proof that the aid system encourages
governments to pick up the phone and ask the donor agencies for next capital
infusion.

The idea that donations remedy poverty has dominated the theory of economic
development and is the thinking at many international aid agencies and
governments ever since the 70s, and when results are questioned, all are
negative. Yes, millions have moved out of abject and wretched poverty in the
world over the past six decades, but that has had little to do with foreign aid;
rather it was due to economic growth in the countries of Asia that have received
little aid. Moreover, poverty cannot be eradicated with more and more aid. For
poverty is instead created by economic institutions that systematically block
the incentives and opportunities of poor people to make things better for
themselves, their neighbours and the country at large.

Hence, foreign aid is not the answer to our continent's economic and social
troubles and in fact, aid is a factor contributing to Africa's underdevelopment
woes. Aid dependency pulls entrepreneurship and intellectual capital into
non-productive activities, thus foreign aid leads to the situation where we have
failed to set our own pace and direction of development that is indeed free of
external interference. International agencies, including the International
Monetary Fund (2005) published a report; "Aid Will Not Lift Growth in Africa."
The report cautioned that governments, donors and campaigners should be more
modest in their claims that increased aid will solve our problems. Despite these
comments, no serious efforts have been made to wean us off it.


Foreign aid has also unattractively contributed to negative investment, for no
investor would want to risk money in a country that is unable to stand on its
own feet and manage its own affairs in a sustainable way. While, Dambisa Moyo,
an economic analyst and author of 'Dead Aid; why aid is not working.', opined in
a subtle way, that the aid culture has left the rainbow continent more
debt-laden, more inflation-prone, and more vulnerable to the vagaries of the
currency market. It is also obvious that aid has been linked to rampant
corruption. Aid flows destined to help the average African end up supporting
bloated bureaucracies in the form of the poor-country governments. A radical
pan-African activist, Mawuna Koutonin argued that "aid and humanitarianism is a
humiliation for our people, our continent, and we should do our best to get rid
of it as soon as possible, to recover our lost dignity."

In the final analysis, economies that rely on commitments of aid almost always
fail, and those that depend on innovation succeed. The latter is true for
economically successful countries such as China and India, and even closer to
home, South Africa and Botswana. Their strategy of finance development
emphasises the important role of entrepreneurship and markets, over the aid
system that preaches hand-outs. Governments need to attract more foreign direct
investment by investing in education, creating attractive tax structures and
reducing bureaucratic and complex regulations for businesses. We should also
focus on increasing trade; China is one promising partner.

Making institutions more inclusive is about changing the politics of a society
to empower the poor, disenfranchised and excluded repressed by monopolising
power. Again aid helps, but it just needs to be used in such a way to help civil
society mobilise collectively, find a voice and get involved in decision-making.


Another proposition is for all branches of government and civil society to
reduce their budgets and financial dependency from foreign aid with about 10 to
20% a year. And a review of effective dependency reduction and rehabilitation
progress could be done yearly. With such a progressive system in less than ten
years, our country could get out of foreign aid dependency. Once this is
achieved, only trade and diplomacy will be the philosophy of Africa and Namibian
foreign relationships. Ten years in the life of a State is not much, and
courageous patriots would attain that goal even faster with discipline and
consistency.

*Matheus Pendapala Taapopi is a third-year student studying towards a Bachelor
of Public Management (Hons) at the University of Namibia.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1808


                              Copyright 2016 NHM.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             658 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                      October 11, 2015 Sunday 6:30 AM EST

Gold Coast Company Reduces Hearing Aid Costs Upon the Customers' Request

BYLINE: The Hearing Aid Centre

LENGTH: 376  words


Gold Coast, Australia,  October 11, 2015 --(PR.com)-- Hearing Aid Centre has
taken a massive step forward towards making their products more affordable for
the customers, by successfully reducing the costs of their hearing aids
significantly upon the request of the customers. This major breakthrough is
being highly appreciated by customers and locals alike.

Hearing Aids Prices

Hearing Aid Centre is the name of a company that is conveniently located on the
Gold Coast. It is a privately-owned and operated business which has been in
service for over 60 years as of now. Boasting so much experience in the
industry, Hearing Aid Centre stands as one of the most reliable choices for the
customers based on the Gold Coast.

Best Hearing Aids

The company primarily deals in the provision of hearing aids and all types of
other fittings that are related. In fact, for the locals including the Gold Cost
natives and beyond, Hearing Aid Centre has long been the most suited option for
hearing aids. According to the locals, the privately owned business has been a
major success over the course of years thanks to the dependability they are
capable of providing through their products.

During a recent interview, the spokesperson of Hearing Aid Centre enlightened
the media regarding the prospect of their new prices on hearing aids. "We have
truly done all we could to meet the customers' demands, and our reduced prices
on the hearing aids are a result of that," said the spokesperson.

He further added, "Hearing Aid Centre is now looking forward to the results this
gesture will generate. Needless to say, we are always behind our customers and
looking forward to providing them the best aid we can with everything."

About The Company

Hearing Aid Centre is located on the Gold Coast. The company is privately owned,
and has been in business for more than 60 years. The primary business of the
company is providing clients with hearing aids and other related fittings. For
the people on the Gold Coast and beyond, the company stands as one of the most
reliable choices available for hearing aids.

Contact Information

Address: The Wharf Building, Shop 3,129 Laver Drive, Robina QLD 4226

Phone: 07 5575 7899

Online Contact Form: http://www.hearingaidcentre.com.au/contact-us/

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2015 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             659 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      August 5, 2015 Wednesday 7:00 AM GMT

Aid should be seen as foreign public investment, not just charity;
As new players from the emerging economies enter the aid arena, the thinking
that underpins much development cooperation needs to change

BYLINE: Jonathan Glennie and Andy Sumner

SECTION: GLOBAL DEVELOPMENT

LENGTH: 903 words


International development has reached a crucial moment in its evolution. Given
the great progress in much of the world in the past decade or so, the paradigm
of north-south development assistance is now outdated. All countries are engaged
in contributing to global development, supporting sustainability and poverty
reduction locally, nationally, regionally and globally.

At the same time, the challenges faced by the world, in particular the poorer
countries, are evolving and, to some extent, multiplying. The post-2015
discussions are firming up an agenda in which ending absolute poverty remains
central but other concerns are also recognised, namely the planet's
environmental limits and the need to invest in greener growth.

In this context, the future of development aid is the subject of heated debate.
Is it still needed? Who should give it? How should it evolve?

In our view, the era of international aid is not ending; it is still in its
infancy. This is evidenced by the plethora of new aid agencies, both public and
private, to emerge in recent years to complement, or challenge, traditional
sources of funds.

But people in many aid-giving countries are not so sure (to say the least). They
question the simplistic "aid works" narrative; assertions that aid is
responsible for impressive improvements in human development in the past couple
of decades are hard to substantiate.

More fundamentally, perhaps, they find sending large amounts of money abroad
hard to justify when times are hard at home. The thinking that underpins much
development cooperation has to change if we are to make the case for aid in a
new era. We need a new narrative on aid.

We propose reimagining aid as foreign investment. There are four main reasons
why.

First, the language of investment better reflects the reality of modern aid. The
charity paradigm has long been considered patronising by most poor countries,
and is increasingly considered old-fashioned even in many "donor" agencies. The
reality that strategic and economic interests have always been at play in aid
-giving is recognised by most DAC, or developed country, donors somewhat
cautiously, but is explicitly promoted by the "emerging" contributors of
development cooperation in the global south.

These "emerging donors" eschew the term aid because of its simplistic
connotations, preferring the language of "mutual benefit". They want to imply
"horizontal" relationships between equals, fundamentally similar to business
transactions. Investment, not charity.

The origins of official development assistance (ODA) as reconstruction began in
the aftermath of the second world war  would align with this understanding of
aid as foreign investment for mutual benefit.

Second, the differentiation between private investment and public aid depends on
a stark separation of these two realms that has been common, at least in
rhetoric, in the more advanced economies but is much more fluid in many of the
emerging economies, including the Brics. Separating foreign spending into public
aid and private investment is complicated by the active role played by the state
in economic and business affairs.

Third, reframing aid as a form of foreign investment could be beneficial if it
helps make resource transfer more accountable, shifting from charitable
donations to contracts with accountability, transparency, recognition of
possible failure and evaluation as key elements of a longer-term relationship.

And fourth, crucially, the copious literature on foreign private investment in
developing countries (particularly foreign direct investment or FDI) is
instructive for many aspects of the debate on the effectiveness of aid. Both aid
and foreign investment can support growth and development, but when and where is
a matter of context and specific decisions. This literature should inform aid
debates, rather than being siloed off as a separate research topic.

The foreign investment literature is contested, but there does appear to be one
area of consensus that isn't evident in the aid literature: FDI works for the
host country  under certain conditions. The three factors that seem to make FDI
more or less supportive of development objectives (as opposed simply to profit
realisation by the investor) are:


     ·    Country context (the "prior" conditions);
     ·    Type of FDI (the nature of the investment and decisions made by
          investors)
     ·    Policies governing FDI (decisions made by host governments to actively
          manage FDI).


These factors could equally well apply to international aid and could encourage
a more profound understanding of "aid effectiveness", especially as the Paris
aid effectiveness consensus appears to be struggling to survive.

The investment analogy has its limits, naturally. Most private investment is
made for profit, while interventions in the field of international cooperation
seek primarily to further internationally agreed development objectives.
Therefore, using the language of foreign investment should not be seen as
denying the element of solidarity inherent in development cooperation.

Instead, it could add a further layer to our conceptualisation of aid, and
encourage us to move beyond the "recipient of charity" mentality, towards
mutuality and working together for agreed outcomes.

For all these reasons, it is time the aid community started to talk about aid as
investment not just charity. It could start by renaming aid "international
public investment".

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             660 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                            July 22, 2015 Wednesday

Free legal aid program sees expansion

BYLINE: Zhang Yan

SECTION: SOCIETY

LENGTH: 1334 words


Justice Ministry plans to increase the number of people and cases that qualify
for assistance

Qin Zhihui, better known by his online alias Qin Huohuo, became "famous" for
spreading rumors.

From 2011 to 2013, the former employee of a Beijing marketing and planning
company fabricated stories on 10 micro blogs to attract public attention. He
slandered celebrities, including popular television hosts Yang Lan and China
Disabled Persons' Federation President Zhang Haidi, and he posted a comment
saying the government had paid more than 200 million yuan ($32.2 million) to
compensate a foreign victim who died in a 2011 train incident in Wenzhou,
Zhejiang province - a fabrication.

The 30-year-old said he did all of this to seek fame and fortune. But when he
was arrested in 2013, the young man from a poor family did not have enough money
for a lawyer, so he applied for free legal aid and was accepted.

What surprised him was that the designated lawyer tried her best to help him get
lenient punishment.

"I didn't expect I would get lenient punishment, considering the bad social
influence of my case," said Qin, who was sentenced in Beijing Chaoyang People's
Court in April 2014 to three years in prison for defamation and causing trouble.

"The lawyer actively defended me during the court hearing, and the court
accepted some of her defense opinions when handing down the prison term."

Sun Xiaoyang, the designated lawyer for Qin, was paid only 2,000 yuan from the
Beijing Legal Aid Center for her service in Qin's case, but she said money was
not her concern. "What I care about most is helping people in need to obtain
their legal rights rather than seeking benefits," she said.

After Qin was detained in September 2013, Sun immediately applied to meet him in
the detention house to tell him his legal rights and learn about the case. She
met with Qin more than 10 times during the whole legal process. She went to the
prosecuting department to read the case files, actively exchange evidence and
discuss her concerns with prosecutors before the court hearing to streamline the
issues and exclude illegal evidence.

"The difficulty I encountered was more technical - there were lots of electronic
documents and I needed to compare them with each other to discover the
differences and flaws to provide new evidence to the court," she said.

Qin was one of the more than 1 million people who received free legal aid
services last year.

Cases go up 9 percent

Statistics provided by the Ministry of Justice show that national legal aid
departments under local justice authorities concluded 1.24 million legal aid
cases last year, and offered aid to 1.39 million people, a year-on-year increase
of 9 percent. Meanwhile, the amount of legal aid funding reached 1.7 billion
yuan last year, an increase of 4.8 percent compared with 2013.

As China transforms its political and economic growth model, social conflicts
are rising sharply, and the interests of vulnerable groups are at stake. Zhao
Dacheng, vice-minister of justice, said the ministry has been trying to improve
the 20-year-old legal aid system, and one of the big moves is to lower the
threshold and expand the number of people who can receive free legal aid in a
bid to protect their rights.

Free legal aid will now be extended to those involved in civil disputes and
criminal cases involving people's livelihoods, such as marriage and family, food
safety, education and healthcare, he said.

Meanwhile, people with very low incomes and those who don't hire lawyers will
also be eligible for free legal aid, he said.

The moves are in response to a key meeting hosted by President Xi Jinping in
May. According to the meeting, legal aid is an important livelihood project, and
the protection of people's rights and interests should be taken as the new
starting and ending points.

"The purpose of improving legal aid is to expand the scope of free aid services
and improve its quality so that eligible people will get legal aid and have
equal access to justice," Xi said at the meeting.

In June, authorities issued a notice that listed measures for this goal, which
can better protect people's legitimate rights, Zhao said.

"Now, once suspects are detained by the police, lawyers can immediately meet
with them in the detention house to offer legal assistance. ... But before, once
criminals were detained, the lawyers had no means to meet or get in contact with
them for 48 hours," he said.

"In the past, the police also wouldn't tell the lawyers about progress in the
investigation, which seriously violates suspects' legal rights. Now, once
suspects are captured, lawyers will provide them free legal aid services during
the whole judicial procedure, such as police interrogation, prosecution and
court sentencing to protect their human rights."

In addition to expanding the number of people eligible for legal aid, another
measure listed in the notice is to broaden people's access to legal aid.
According to Sun Jian-ying, director of the ministry's legal aid department,
3,700 legal aid centers have been set up across the country, with more than
4,700 lawyers offering free legal aid services, including providing legal
consultation, representing criminal cases and mediating civil disputes.

Now, the ministry plans to set up more legal aid working stations in local
detention houses and courts.

To date, more than 1,500 legal aid working offices have been established in
detention houses across the country, and the ministry will set up local legal
aid working stations in the pilot courts to offer legal consultation to the
parties involved in appeal cases, she said.

People who are unable to move easily, such as the elderly and the disabled, can
use the hotline 12348 or the websites of local legal aid departments, she said.

Websites and hotlines have proved to be effective tools for people with demands
for legal aid. According to statistics provided by the ministry, 6.8 million
people applied for legal assistance last year, and most of them sought
consultations through the websites or hotline.

In Jiangsu and Hubei provinces and Beijing, justice departments now regularly
publicize legal aid information on their micro blogs or WeChat accounts.
Designated lawyers also offer legal consulting on these social media platforms,
she said.

Li Xuelian, a senior official at the ministry's legal aid department, said that
among the legal aid services they handled, more than 80 percent were civil
cases, with most related to payment and employment disputes, marriage and
domestic affairs and traffic accidents. Others were criminal cases and
administrative litigation.

The notice also highlighted the priority of accelerating legislation for the
country's legal aid service.

Quality control encouraged

When the legislation is complete, "appropriate authorities could clarify their
tasks and work closely to improve the quality and professionalism of legal
assistance and protect people's legitimate rights", said Zheng Huiyun, director
of the Beijing Legal Aid Department.

She said the application procedures for legal aid services should be regulated,
and more effort should be devoted to evaluating the quality of legal aid
services and the mechanism for handling complaints from recipients of legal aid.

In addition, authorities, including the Ministry of Finance, should invest
special funds to support the legal aid program and increase lawyers' subsidies
for legal assistance. At present, a lawyer only receives an average of 1,500
yuan for a civil case and 1,200 yuan for a criminal case, she said.

According to Sun of the legal aid department, the ministry plans to invest at
least 400 million yuan to support legal aid this year, and it also plans to
increase lawyers' subsidies for legal assistance.

Sun said the legal aid departments under local justice authorities will also
establish an online updated database of legal aid recipients.

zhangyan1@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 07/22/2015 page5)

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                             661 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            July 22, 2015 Wednesday

Free legal aid program sees expansion

BYLINE: Zhang Yan

LENGTH: 1322  words


Justice Ministry plans to increase the number of people and cases that qualify
for assistance

Qin Zhihui, better known by his online alias Qin Huohuo, became "famous" for
spreading rumors.

From 2011 to 2013, the former employee of a Beijing marketing and planning
company fabricated stories on 10 micro blogs to attract public attention. He
slandered celebrities, including popular television hosts Yang Lan and China
Disabled Persons' Federation President Zhang Haidi, and he posted a comment
saying the government had paid more than 200 million yuan ($32.2 million) to
compensate a foreign victim who died in a 2011 train incident in Wenzhou,
Zhejiang province - a fabrication.

The 30-year-old said he did all of this to seek fame and fortune. But when he
was arrested in 2013, the young man from a poor family did not have enough money
for a lawyer, so he applied for free legal aid and was accepted.

What surprised him was that the designated lawyer tried her best to help him get
lenient punishment.

"I didn't expect I would get lenient punishment, considering the bad social
influence of my case," said Qin, who was sentenced in Beijing Chaoyang People's
Court in April 2014 to three years in prison for defamation and causing trouble.

"The lawyer actively defended me during the court hearing, and the court
accepted some of her defense opinions when handing down the prison term."

Sun Xiaoyang, the designated lawyer for Qin, was paid only 2,000 yuan from the
Beijing Legal Aid Center for her service in Qin's case, but she said money was
not her concern. "What I care about most is helping people in need to obtain
their legal rights rather than seeking benefits," she said.

After Qin was detained in September 2013, Sun immediately applied to meet him in
the detention house to tell him his legal rights and learn about the case. She
met with Qin more than 10 times during the whole legal process. She went to the
prosecuting department to read the case files, actively exchange evidence and
discuss her concerns with prosecutors before the court hearing to streamline the
issues and exclude illegal evidence.

"The difficulty I encountered was more technical - there were lots of electronic
documents and I needed to compare them with each other to discover the
differences and flaws to provide new evidence to the court," she said.

Qin was one of the more than 1 million people who received free legal aid
services last year.

Cases go up 9 percent

Statistics provided by the Ministry of Justice show that national legal aid
departments under local justice authorities concluded 1.24 million legal aid
cases last year, and offered aid to 1.39 million people, a year-on-year increase
of 9 percent. Meanwhile, the amount of legal aid funding reached 1.7 billion
yuan last year, an increase of 4.8 percent compared with 2013.

As China transforms its political and economic growth model, social conflicts
are rising sharply, and the interests of vulnerable groups are at stake. Zhao
Dacheng, vice-minister of justice, said the ministry has been trying to improve
the 20-year-old legal aid system, and one of the big moves is to lower the
threshold and expand the number of people who can receive free legal aid in a
bid to protect their rights.

Free legal aid will now be extended to those involved in civil disputes and
criminal cases involving people's livelihoods, such as marriage and family, food
safety, education and healthcare, he said.

Meanwhile, people with very low incomes and those who don't hire lawyers will
also be eligible for free legal aid, he said.

The moves are in response to a key meeting hosted by President Xi Jinping in
May. According to the meeting, legal aid is an important livelihood project, and
the protection of people's rights and interests should be taken as the new
starting and ending points.

"The purpose of improving legal aid is to expand the scope of free aid services
and improve its quality so that eligible people will get legal aid and have
equal access to justice," Xi said at the meeting.

In June, authorities issued a notice that listed measures for this goal, which
can better protect people's legitimate rights, Zhao said.

"Now, once suspects are detained by the police, lawyers can immediately meet
with them in the detention house to offer legal assistance. ... But before, once
criminals were detained, the lawyers had no means to meet or get in contact with
them for 48 hours," he said.

"In the past, the police also wouldn't tell the lawyers about progress in the
investigation, which seriously violates suspects' legal rights. Now, once
suspects are captured, lawyers will provide them free legal aid services during
the whole judicial procedure, such as police interrogation, prosecution and
court sentencing to protect their human rights."

In addition to expanding the number of people eligible for legal aid, another
measure listed in the notice is to broaden people's access to legal aid.
According to Sun Jian-ying, director of the ministry's legal aid department,
3,700 legal aid centers have been set up across the country, with more than
4,700 lawyers offering free legal aid services, including providing legal
consultation, representing criminal cases and mediating civil disputes.

Now, the ministry plans to set up more legal aid working stations in local
detention houses and courts.

To date, more than 1,500 legal aid working offices have been established in
detention houses across the country, and the ministry will set up local legal
aid working stations in the pilot courts to offer legal consultation to the
parties involved in appeal cases, she said.

People who are unable to move easily, such as the elderly and the disabled, can
use the hotline 12348 or the websites of local legal aid departments, she said.

Websites and hotlines have proved to be effective tools for people with demands
for legal aid. According to statistics provided by the ministry, 6.8 million
people applied for legal assistance last year, and most of them sought
consultations through the websites or hotline.

In Jiangsu and Hubei provinces and Beijing, justice departments now regularly
publicize legal aid information on their micro blogs or WeChat accounts.
Designated lawyers also offer legal consulting on these social media platforms,
she said.

Li Xuelian, a senior official at the ministry's legal aid department, said that
among the legal aid services they handled, more than 80 percent were civil
cases, with most related to payment and employment disputes, marriage and
domestic affairs and traffic accidents. Others were criminal cases and
administrative litigation.

The notice also highlighted the priority of accelerating legislation for the
country's legal aid service.

Quality control encouraged

When the legislation is complete, "appropriate authorities could clarify their
tasks and work closely to improve the quality and professionalism of legal
assistance and protect people's legitimate rights", said Zheng Huiyun, director
of the Beijing Legal Aid Department.

She said the application procedures for legal aid services should be regulated,
and more effort should be devoted to evaluating the quality of legal aid
services and the mechanism for handling complaints from recipients of legal aid.

In addition, authorities, including the Ministry of Finance, should invest
special funds to support the legal aid program and increase lawyers' subsidies
for legal assistance. At present, a lawyer only receives an average of 1,500
yuan for a civil case and 1,200 yuan for a criminal case, she said.

According to Sun of the legal aid department, the ministry plans to invest at
least 400 million yuan to support legal aid this year, and it also plans to
increase lawyers' subsidies for legal assistance.

Sun said the legal aid departments under local justice authorities will also
establish an online updated database of legal aid recipients.

zhangyan1@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 07/22/2015 page5)

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             662 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  My Republica

                             June 23, 2015 Tuesday

Aid independent

LENGTH: 842 words

DATELINE: Nepal


Nepal, June 23 -- On June 13, 2015, American Broadcasting Company (ABC) posted a
statement on Twitter that read, "#NepalEarthquake: Aid-dependent country says it
needs $8.5 billion for post-quake rebuilding". The latter part is true. Post
Disaster Needs Assessment Report released by National Planning Commission
confirms it. The ABC tweet generated two questions in my mind: Is Nepal aid
-dependent? And can I trust ABC News? In order to answer them, let me take a
quantitative approach.

To assess whether Nepal is aid-dependent, we could compare the aid it receives
with the aid received by other countries. A more equitable approach would be to
compare aid received as a percentage of Gross Domestic Product (GDP) or Gross
National Income (GNI). This ratio accounts for the size of economies. A dataset
from the World Bank is available on GapMinder that compares foreign aid received
as a percentage of GNI. I mapped this data for the year 2010, the most recent
year in its dataset.

Each bubble represents a country and all countries (61 in total) shown in the
map (pictured alongside) receive more aid as a percentage of GNI than Nepal. In
the map, the size of the bubble is proportional to the percentage of aid
received. Only 61 (instead of all countries) are represented on the map to
reduce clutter. Foreign aid as a percentage of GNI shall be referred to as
"proportional foreign aid" to simplify its reference. If 60 countries in the
world receive more proportional foreign aid than Nepal, does that still make
Nepal an aid-dependent country?

It may be argued that data points for a single year may not convey the full
story. So, let us look at the historical trend of foreign aid as a percentage of
GNI to Nepal from 1960 to 2010. In these 50 years, the proportional foreign aid
to Nepal increased from 1.70 percent in 1960 to 14.10 percent in 1989.
Surprisingly, proportional foreign aid declined after 1989 and has been
declining ever since.

Since 2002, foreign aid contribution to Nepal's GNI has remained steady around
five percent. From 2000 till 2010, foreign aid accounts for only 6.02 percent of
Nepal's GNI. Since total foreign aid accounts for only six percent of GNI since
the start of 21st century and 60 other countries in the world receive more
proportional foreign aid, it would be incorrect to say that Nepal is aid
-dependent.

If ABC News is open to suggestions, it would be more factually correct to claim
that Nepal is becoming increasingly dependent on remittances. The amount of
remittance more than doubled from US $1,387 million in 2006 to US $2,811 million
in 2009. On average, remittance is increasing by 25 percent every year since
2006. Similarly, the remittance amount is significantly larger than the total
foreign aid. In 2006, remittance was more than twice the foreign aid and has
been increasing rapidly. In 2010, remittance share was more than four times the
total foreign aid.

While foreign aid accounts for 5.1 percent of GNI, remittance accounts for 20.5
percent (for 2010). In other words, Nepal is increasingly dependent on Nepalis
working abroad and sending money home than on foreign aid.

Now that we know that foreign aid accounts for a very small fraction of GNI,
much smaller than remittance, let me examine the second question: Can I trust
ABC news? ABC News is owned by the Walt Disney Company. Yes, it is the same
company that makes animated films for children. ABC News is also best recognized
for featuring television shows than news. Like a used college textbook, ABC News
has been bought and sold multiple times. ABC started as a struggling radio
station in 1943, was sold to United Paramount Theaters in 1951, then again to
Capital Cities Broadcasting in 1986 and yet again to Disney in 1995. The fact
that it is owned by Disney does little to augment its journalistic spirit. While
it accuses Nepal of being aid-dependent, it suffers from being overly dependent
on advertising revenue.

According to the estimates from the market research firm of Veronis Suhler
Stevenson, advertising accounted for about 84 percent of overall network
television revenue in 2012, with income from online and mobile platforms
accounting for another 12 percent and re-transmission fees of four percent.

According to Kantar Media, ABC World News derived US $130 million from ads in
the first three quarters of 2013. Since ABC has multiple ventures (news, TV
shows) and is owned by Disney, the annual reports list earnings of Disney as a
whole but does not break it down by its subsidiaries. However, if television
networks in the US derive 84 percent of their revenue from advertising, it is
safe to assume this applies to ABC as well.

So we request ABC News which is dependednt on aid for survival to treat Nepalis
with dignity and respect. Yes, our country is economically poor but we choose to
live with dignity, regardless.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Republica. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Nepal Republic Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             663 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

Director of Financial Aid

LENGTH: 1119  words

DATELINE: Lansing


National Association of Sales Professionals has issued the following job
announcement:


Director of Financial Aid
Job ID:  21984292
Position Title:  Director of Financial Aid
Company Name:  Fitchburg State University
Industry:  Education / Administration
Job Function:  Executive / Management
Location(s):  Fitchburg, Massachusetts, 01420, United States

Posted:  February 10, 2015
Entry Level:  No
Job Type:  Full-Time
Job Duration:  Indefinite
Min Education:  BA/BS/Undergraduate
Company:  Fitchburg State University
view full company profile
APPLY FOR THIS JOB
Contact Person:  Pamela McCafferty  Phone:  978-665-3435
Email Address:  pmccafferty@fitchburgstate.edu  Fax:  978-665-3897
Apply URL:  http://www.fitchburgstate.edu
Save Job  Email Job  Print Job
Job Description

General Statement of Duties: The Director is responsible for the planning,
organizing, supervising and administering of all financial aid activities at the
university. This includes monitoring programs to ensure that compliance and
correct interpretation of federal, state and institutional policies and
regulations are followed.

Supervision Received: Reports to the Assistant Vice President/Dean of Enrollment
Management and Planning.

Supervision Exercised: Supervises subordinate professional, classified, and
student personnel in the Financial Aid Office.

Responsibilities:

1. Provide exceptional customer service to prospective and current students and
their families.

2. Responsible for the evaluating, planning, organization, and administration of
all financial aid programs at the university.

3. Hire, train, supervise and evaluate the staff of the Financial Aid Office;
ensure their knowledge of financial aid regulations and policies.

4. Manage the daily operation of the Financial Aid Office; plan, direct, and
evaluate all activities of the office.

5. Monitor and reconcile fund expenditures for all federal, state and
institutional financial aid programs on an ongoing basis.

6. Develop, implement and maintain financial aid policies and procedures;
maintain a policy and procedures manual.

7. Evaluate student aid applications, determine student financial need, and
formulate an equitable packaging strategy for distributing limited funds to best
meet the financial need of a diverse student body.

8. Administer and oversee all federal, state, and institutional aid programs in
a manner which ensures efficient and appropriate awarding and disbursing
policies.

9. Prepare and submit applications and reports for federal and state funds;
provide the required documentation and support for all auditing activities
related to financial aid.

10. Maintain a comprehensive knowledge of current financial aid regulations and
policies; monitor national, state, and institutional developments that might
have an impact on financial aid programs at the university.

11. Conduct research, as necessary, to evaluate the impact of financial aid
programs on various aspects of institutional life and enrollment management
policies.

12. Develop, maintain and update appropriate informational publications and
application forms in order to provide prospective and current students and
parents with attractive and effective financial aid materials and information.

13. Counsel prospective and current students and parents with regard to
financial aid opportunities, procedures and financing issues.

14. Manage the data processing systems (SCT Banner, EDConnect); administer and
test all system upgrades; execute annual setup of new aid year in Banner.

15. Design and implement quality control mechanisms for all technological tools
and systems, as well as all office operations.

16. Design and execute queries and reports to assist in the management of
financial aid operations; provide data to supervisors as requested.

17. Prepare and administer the annual Financial Aid budgets.

18. Develop and enforce the university's Satisfactory Academic Progress Policy
for financial aid recipients in accordance with federal regulations.

19. Direct the staff in the evaluation of student eligibility and the proper
awarding of financial aid; oversee federal and state refund processes; review
and approve dependency overrides and other appeals.

20. Ensure that all publications meet the requirements of the Department of
Education with respect to consumer information regulations.

21. Collaborate with the Director of Student Accounts to ensure timely
disbursement of financial aid funds and timely receipt of student receivables;
coordinate activities that effect both departments, including federal and state
refund polices, disbursement notifications, book advances and perkins and
nursing loan servicing.

22. Administer default management programs for federal direct, perkins, nursing
and MA No Interest Loan programs.

23. Conduct financial aid workshops at the university and in the community to
promote the widest possible dissemination of information regarding financial aid
opportunities.

24. Work with the offices of Admissions, Registrar and Student Accounts on
student recruitment and enrollment management issues as they relate to financial
aid.

25. Administer, award, and disburse various institutional scholarships.

26. Establish and maintain appropriate liaisons with other campus offices and
government offices which might affect financial aid programs at the university.

27. Participate in regular training opportunities.

28. Serve on various university committees, as requested.

29. Perform other duties as assigned by the Assistant Vice President/Dean of
Enrollment Management and Planning.

Job Requirements

Qualifications:

1. Bachelor's Degree required; Master's Degree preferred.
2. Three to five years current experience directing financial aid programs.
Experience in the state college system desirable.
3. Demonstrated ability in the interpretation and implementation of federal and
state financial aid regulations.
4. Excellent written/oral communication and interpersonal skills. Ability to
work well with students, parents, faculty, staff and the general public.
5. A knowledge of higher education practices, principles, and procedures.
6. Thorough understanding of the structure and philosophy of the student
financial aid programs.
7. Knowledge of and experience with computerized financial aid systems.
8. Experience in the supervision of staff and the management of office
functions; e.g. budget, publications, master schedule, policy development, etc.
9. Knowledge of and demonstrable experience in all facets of the position as
described in the responsibilities of the job description.
10. Ability to perform above duties with or without reasonable accommodation.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             664 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                     November 11, 2014 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Rite Aid, Physician Direct ACO Partner to Expand Rite Aid Health Alliance
Program

LENGTH: 732  words


Nov. 11 -- US-based Rite Aid Corp issued the following news release:

Rite Aid Corp (NYSE:RAD) has announced Physician Direct ACO, based in Sylvan
Lake, Mich., as the latest healthcare provider to join its Rite Aid Health
Alliance initiative. Through Rite Aid Health Alliance, physicians, Rite Aid
pharmacists and special care coaches provide comprehensive care and support to
individuals with chronic and poly-chronic health conditions, helping them
achieve health improvement goals established by their physicians.

"Since launching our Rite Aid Health Alliance program, we've received positive
feedback from our physician partners, care coaches, pharmacists and patients
alike," said Robert Thompson, Rite Aid executive vice president of pharmacy. "As
we continue to expand Rite Aid Health Alliance, we are excited to announce
Physician Direct ACO as our latest Rite Aid Health Alliance partner and to be
working with them to improve the health and wellbeing of the chronic and
poly-chronic patients in northern Oakland County."

Rite Aid's Health Alliance integrated care model is a first for the drugstore
industry, because it uniquely leverages the combined expertise of community
pharmacists, who are one of the most accessible and trusted resources among
healthcare providers, along with specially trained in-store care coaches.
Physicians can refer patients who they feel would benefit from additional
coaching in areas such as medication management and meal and exercise planning.
All members of the care team will communicate regularly with physicians in a
true partnership to improve patients' overall health.

"Through Rite Aid's Health Alliance program, we'll be able to further our
mission of being a leader in the delivery of high quality and cost effective
healthcare," said Rodger Prong, Physician Direct ACO executive director. "By
working closely with Rite Aid pharmacists and care coaches, physicians will be
in an even greater position to help their patients successfully manage their
condition and achieve desired health outcomes."

Through Rite Aid Health Alliance, patients with chronic conditions, such as
congestive heart failure, COPD, high cholesterol and diabetes, are recommended
to the program by their primary care physician. Rite Aid pharmacists and
specially trained care coaches, located in Rite Aid pharmacies, work with the
physician and patient on an on-going basis to improve the patient's overall
health and self-management abilities. The care team members collaborate with the
patient to establish health goals, eliminate barriers and create a personalized
health care action plan in coordination with the patient's physician.

Rite Aid previously announced that it is piloting Rite Aid Health Alliance
partnerships with High Point, N.C.-based Cornerstone Health Care; Glendale,
Calif.-based Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. ("ApolloMed"); Greater Buffalo United
Accountable Healthcare Network of Buffalo, N.Y.; Penn State Hershey Health
System of Hershey, Pa.; and Heritage Provider Network based in Marina Del Rey,
Calif.

In these markets at select Rite Aid pharmacies, Rite Aid provides the care
coaches on the team through its wholly owned subsidiary Health Dialog, a leading
provider of healthcare patient support, analytics and decision support. Health
Dialog coaches will be available in Rite Aid pharmacies, and specialize in
behavior change to help patients address lifestyle health issues.

The full range of services available to patients participating in Rite Aid
Health Alliance includes medication compliance support; comprehensive medication
reviews and reconciliation; nutrition and weight management information; disease
education; exercise coaching and tobacco cessation support. Records of all
interactions, which occur in Rite Aid pharmacies, as well as updates from the
physician, are stored electronically, along with patient profiles including
medications and lab results. This supports continuity of care and provides
convenient access of information to other members of the patient's healthcare
team.

Rite Aid Corp is one of the nation's leading drugstore chains with nearly 4,600
stores in 31 states and the District of Columbia and fiscal 2014 annual revenues
of $25.5 billion. Information about Rite Aid, including corporate background and
press releases, is available through the company's website at:
(www.riteaid.com).

Source: Rite Aid Corp

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             665 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday

Financial Aid Advisor 19285836

LENGTH: 1559  words


Washington, D.C.: American Bankers Association has issued the following news
release:

Job ID:  19285836
Position Title:  Financial Aid Advisor
Company Name:  Graduate Theological Union
Industry:  Financial Aid
Job Function:  Financial Aid Counselor
Entry Level:  No
Location(s):  Berkeley, California, 94709, United States

Posted:  July 22, 2014
Job Type:  Full-Time
Job Duration:  Indefinite
Min Education:  BA/BS/Undergraduate
Min Experience:  2-3 Years
Required Travel:  0-10%
APPLY FOR THIS JOB
Contact Person:  Denise Morita
Email Address:  dmorita@gtu.edu
Save Job  Email Job  Print Job  Apply For Job
Job Description

Graduate Theological Union:

The GTU is the largest and most diverse partnership of seminaries and graduate
schools in the United States, pursuing interreligious collaboration in teaching,
research, ministry, and service.

The GTU is a graduate school that is a consortium of nine theological seminaries
and eight centers and affiliates.  We are blessed with one of the finest
theological libraries in the world, an uncommonly large faculty of distinguished
scholars, and a close collaborative relationship with our neighboring
institution, the University of California, Berkeley. The proximity of our member
schools, multifaith centers, and interdisciplinary programs creates a dynamic
intellectual community that draws scholars from around the world.


PRIMARY POSITION PURPOSE:

The Financial Aid Advisor (FAA) is a full time position with regularly scheduled
and routine work hours required.  Under the supervision of the Financial Aid
Director (FAD), the Financial Aid Advisor provides assistance for the day-to-day
operations, with primary responsibilities that include providing financial aid
information to students and prospective students of the Graduate Theological
Union and participating  GTU consortium member schools and centers.  The FAA
assists the Director of Financial Aid and the Assistant Director of Financial
Aid in the administration of Title IV, institutional and private funds.  The FAA
assists with the coordination of specific areas of responsibility, including
tracking incoming documents, performing need analysis to evaluate students'
financial aid eligibility, communicating student eligibility for aid, processing
aid, coordinating the debt management and default prevention programs, assisting
in the administration of the federal work study program, and monitoring loan
entrance and exit counseling requirements.  The FAA provides financial aid
counseling to students and prospective students and offers guidance, training,
and tools for students to make wise financial choices. The Financial Aid Advisor
works cooperatively with the GTU consortium member schools and institutional
staff on behalf of the Consortial Financial Aid Office (FAO) to complete tasks
as assigned.

PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

Counsel students and prospective students regarding financial aid; read,
interpret, apply and explain complex laws, regulations, policies and procedures
regarding student financial aid and awards.
    Manages all applicant and student correspondence and inquiries.
    Coordinates tracking of financial aid documents using the Ellucian Colleague
Student Information System.
    Creates and maintains financial aid files.
    Under the leadership of the FAD, manage the evaluation of the financial aid
budget and distribution of institutional aid for assigned school(s), within the
policies established by the Financial Aid Office and designated institution(s).
    Perform need analysis, verification and packaging and ensure the accuracy of
student financial aid awards and records.
    Assists with all aspects of student loan processing, including participation
in the origination of student loans, and overseeing requirements related to
entrance and exit counseling.
    Under the leadership of the FAD, coordinate and implement debt management
and default prevention activities of the financial aid office. This includes the
following: the regular creation and dissemination of a Financial Aid
E-Newsletter; planning and coordinating entrance/exit counseling events,
presentations and workshops; providing student loan repayment counseling; other
duties and projects related to debt management and default prevention.
    Assist in the administration of the federal work study program.
    Work cooperatively with the Assistant Director of Financial Aid.
    Work collaboratively on behalf of the Consortial Financial Aid Office in
partnership with GTU consortium member schools and institutional staff to
gather, analyze, interpret and provide data, and complete tasks as assigned.
    Perform general office processes in various areas of financial aid
administration.
    Special projects and duties as assigned.

Job Requirements

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:

Education:  Bachelor's degree, or equivalent experience, is required.

Experience and Special Skills:

Minimum of two years of progressively responsible financial aid experience;
    Detailed knowledge of federal financial aid regulations, processes and
practices related to the programs administered by the FAO;
    Demonstrated leadership qualities that foster a cooperative work
environment;
    Ability to simplify and communicate complex information to individual
students and prospective students as well as to a group;
    Experience in implementing new strategies and procedures to maximize
efficiency in the delivery of student financial aid;
    Experience in performing need analysis and federal verification and
packaging aid;
    Ability to exercise independence in areas of professional judgment;
    Ability to work as a team player;
    Ability to work independently and to prioritize responsibilities;
    Ability to work effectively with a diverse student body, staff and faculty;
    Strong customer service skills;
    High comfort level with technology and software applications required in the
financial aid process, including Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint),
Ellucian Colleague SIS, COD, EDConnect, EDExpress or other integrated software;
and Internet and e-mail proficiency.

PERFORMANCE CRITERIA:

Meets regularly scheduled and routine working hours and has a willingness to
occasionally work beyond the routine working hours during peak seasons or for
special events.
    Understands current federal financial aid regulations and institutional aid
policies and contributes to compliance with those standards; ability to research
regulations and policies when clarification is needed.
    Able to communicate effectively with students and staff.
    Takes initiative and works both independently and cooperatively.
    Demonstrates strong organizational skills and a high attention to detail.
        Demonstrates excellent interpersonal, written and oral communication
skills.
        Capable of handling multiple tasks while maintaining composure under
stressful conditions.
    Completes tasks accurately and timely.
    Builds and maintains effective working relationships with GTU/member school
staff; promotes a positive representation of the Financial Aid Office and the
GTU.
    Works in a friendly and professional manner with a diverse student body.
        Contributes to a positive working environment.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met
by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to
perform the essential functions.

Hours of work - generally 37.5 hours per week.
    Vision - close vision and ability to adjust focus for working on computers
    Lifting/Carrying - occasional lifting and carrying of files and printed
material up to 10 pounds
    Pushing/Pulling  - ability to push/pull desk and filing cabinet drawers
    Sitting - ability to sit for long periods - up to 2/3 time spent sitting at
a computer
    Reaching - ability to reach above shoulder, below shoulder and at arms'
length
    Manual Dexterity - ability to manipulate a computer keyboard, mouse and
paperwork/files
    Regular Attendance - required as essential part of job.

Hearing - ability to hear verbal communications and to carry on telephone
conversations
    Clear Speech - ability to communicate clearly to others as essential part of
job function

Work Environment:

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those
an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to
perform the essential functions.  Work is indoors. Frequent face-to-face contact
with students and staff.  The noise level in the work environment is moderate.
No extreme temperatures are present in the work environment.

Tools and Equipment Used:

Including, but not limited to:  Phone, personal computer, printer, fax machine,
and copier.

KEY WORKING RELATIONSHIPS:

Director of Financial Aid
    Assistant Director of Financial Aid
    Scholarship Research Assistant
    Other Student Affairs personnel
    Students
    Member Schools Liaisons
    Outside agencies (i.e. federal agencies, loan servicers, lenders,
guarantors, private
    organizations)

HOW TO APPLY- Please email cover letter and resume to: dmorita@gtu.edu

For more information please visit: http://www.aba.com

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             666 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday

Financial Aid Advisor 19285836

LENGTH: 1559  words


Washington, D.C.: American Bankers Association has issued the following news
release:

Job ID:  19285836
Position Title:  Financial Aid Advisor
Company Name:  Graduate Theological Union
Industry:  Financial Aid
Job Function:  Financial Aid Counselor
Entry Level:  No
Location(s):  Berkeley, California, 94709, United States

Posted:  July 22, 2014
Job Type:  Full-Time
Job Duration:  Indefinite
Min Education:  BA/BS/Undergraduate
Min Experience:  2-3 Years
Required Travel:  0-10%
APPLY FOR THIS JOB
Contact Person:  Denise Morita
Email Address:  dmorita@gtu.edu
Save Job  Email Job  Print Job  Apply For Job
Job Description

Graduate Theological Union:

The GTU is the largest and most diverse partnership of seminaries and graduate
schools in the United States, pursuing interreligious collaboration in teaching,
research, ministry, and service.

The GTU is a graduate school that is a consortium of nine theological seminaries
and eight centers and affiliates.  We are blessed with one of the finest
theological libraries in the world, an uncommonly large faculty of distinguished
scholars, and a close collaborative relationship with our neighboring
institution, the University of California, Berkeley. The proximity of our member
schools, multifaith centers, and interdisciplinary programs creates a dynamic
intellectual community that draws scholars from around the world.


PRIMARY POSITION PURPOSE:

The Financial Aid Advisor (FAA) is a full time position with regularly scheduled
and routine work hours required.  Under the supervision of the Financial Aid
Director (FAD), the Financial Aid Advisor provides assistance for the day-to-day
operations, with primary responsibilities that include providing financial aid
information to students and prospective students of the Graduate Theological
Union and participating  GTU consortium member schools and centers.  The FAA
assists the Director of Financial Aid and the Assistant Director of Financial
Aid in the administration of Title IV, institutional and private funds.  The FAA
assists with the coordination of specific areas of responsibility, including
tracking incoming documents, performing need analysis to evaluate students'
financial aid eligibility, communicating student eligibility for aid, processing
aid, coordinating the debt management and default prevention programs, assisting
in the administration of the federal work study program, and monitoring loan
entrance and exit counseling requirements.  The FAA provides financial aid
counseling to students and prospective students and offers guidance, training,
and tools for students to make wise financial choices. The Financial Aid Advisor
works cooperatively with the GTU consortium member schools and institutional
staff on behalf of the Consortial Financial Aid Office (FAO) to complete tasks
as assigned.

PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

Counsel students and prospective students regarding financial aid; read,
interpret, apply and explain complex laws, regulations, policies and procedures
regarding student financial aid and awards.
    Manages all applicant and student correspondence and inquiries.
    Coordinates tracking of financial aid documents using the Ellucian Colleague
Student Information System.
    Creates and maintains financial aid files.
    Under the leadership of the FAD, manage the evaluation of the financial aid
budget and distribution of institutional aid for assigned school(s), within the
policies established by the Financial Aid Office and designated institution(s).
    Perform need analysis, verification and packaging and ensure the accuracy of
student financial aid awards and records.
    Assists with all aspects of student loan processing, including participation
in the origination of student loans, and overseeing requirements related to
entrance and exit counseling.
    Under the leadership of the FAD, coordinate and implement debt management
and default prevention activities of the financial aid office. This includes the
following: the regular creation and dissemination of a Financial Aid
E-Newsletter; planning and coordinating entrance/exit counseling events,
presentations and workshops; providing student loan repayment counseling; other
duties and projects related to debt management and default prevention.
    Assist in the administration of the federal work study program.
    Work cooperatively with the Assistant Director of Financial Aid.
    Work collaboratively on behalf of the Consortial Financial Aid Office in
partnership with GTU consortium member schools and institutional staff to
gather, analyze, interpret and provide data, and complete tasks as assigned.
    Perform general office processes in various areas of financial aid
administration.
    Special projects and duties as assigned.

Job Requirements

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:

Education:  Bachelor's degree, or equivalent experience, is required.

Experience and Special Skills:

Minimum of two years of progressively responsible financial aid experience;
    Detailed knowledge of federal financial aid regulations, processes and
practices related to the programs administered by the FAO;
    Demonstrated leadership qualities that foster a cooperative work
environment;
    Ability to simplify and communicate complex information to individual
students and prospective students as well as to a group;
    Experience in implementing new strategies and procedures to maximize
efficiency in the delivery of student financial aid;
    Experience in performing need analysis and federal verification and
packaging aid;
    Ability to exercise independence in areas of professional judgment;
    Ability to work as a team player;
    Ability to work independently and to prioritize responsibilities;
    Ability to work effectively with a diverse student body, staff and faculty;
    Strong customer service skills;
    High comfort level with technology and software applications required in the
financial aid process, including Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint),
Ellucian Colleague SIS, COD, EDConnect, EDExpress or other integrated software;
and Internet and e-mail proficiency.

PERFORMANCE CRITERIA:

Meets regularly scheduled and routine working hours and has a willingness to
occasionally work beyond the routine working hours during peak seasons or for
special events.
    Understands current federal financial aid regulations and institutional aid
policies and contributes to compliance with those standards; ability to research
regulations and policies when clarification is needed.
    Able to communicate effectively with students and staff.
    Takes initiative and works both independently and cooperatively.
    Demonstrates strong organizational skills and a high attention to detail.
        Demonstrates excellent interpersonal, written and oral communication
skills.
        Capable of handling multiple tasks while maintaining composure under
stressful conditions.
    Completes tasks accurately and timely.
    Builds and maintains effective working relationships with GTU/member school
staff; promotes a positive representation of the Financial Aid Office and the
GTU.
    Works in a friendly and professional manner with a diverse student body.
        Contributes to a positive working environment.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met
by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to
perform the essential functions.

Hours of work - generally 37.5 hours per week.
    Vision - close vision and ability to adjust focus for working on computers
    Lifting/Carrying - occasional lifting and carrying of files and printed
material up to 10 pounds
    Pushing/Pulling  - ability to push/pull desk and filing cabinet drawers
    Sitting - ability to sit for long periods - up to 2/3 time spent sitting at
a computer
    Reaching - ability to reach above shoulder, below shoulder and at arms'
length
    Manual Dexterity - ability to manipulate a computer keyboard, mouse and
paperwork/files
    Regular Attendance - required as essential part of job.

Hearing - ability to hear verbal communications and to carry on telephone
conversations
    Clear Speech - ability to communicate clearly to others as essential part of
job function

Work Environment:

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those
an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to
perform the essential functions.  Work is indoors. Frequent face-to-face contact
with students and staff.  The noise level in the work environment is moderate.
No extreme temperatures are present in the work environment.

Tools and Equipment Used:

Including, but not limited to:  Phone, personal computer, printer, fax machine,
and copier.

KEY WORKING RELATIONSHIPS:

Director of Financial Aid
    Assistant Director of Financial Aid
    Scholarship Research Assistant
    Other Student Affairs personnel
    Students
    Member Schools Liaisons
    Outside agencies (i.e. federal agencies, loan servicers, lenders,
guarantors, private
    organizations)

HOW TO APPLY- Please email cover letter and resume to: dmorita@gtu.edu

For more information please visit: http://www.aba.com

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             667 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                              July 26, 2013 Friday
                                   E1 Edition

Legal Aid SA was not involved

SECTION: Pg. 25

LENGTH: 245 words


Following the front page story "The Poor Mandelas" (The Star, July 24), Legal
Aid South Africa would like to clarify and place on record that it has not, at
any stage, got involved in the granting of "legal aid" to the Mandela family.

The assistance to the family was provided by the Rhodes University Law Clinic,
an independent entity, which is not part of Legal Aid SA.

This comes in the wake of recent media reports suggesting that Legal Aid SA was
involved in the granting of legal aid to the 16 Mandela family members in the
recent court case in the Eastern Cape.

There also appears to be some confusion around the term "legal aid", which is
being attributed exclusively to Legal Aid SA.

Consequently, the impression has been created that Legal Aid SA granted "legal
aid" to the Mandela family.

It should also be noted that while Legal Aid SA is constitutionally mandated to
render legal assistance (otherwise known as legal aid) to the indigent, there is
also a wide range of stakeholders, such as non-governmental organisations,
community-based organisations, professional bodies and associations, and
tertiary institutions, that are funded by different sources to provide legal aid
.

Legal Aid SA operates and acts within its constitutional mandate at all times.

We do so in terms of the Legal Aid Act and the rules set out in our Legal Aid
Guide.

Through our services we strive to increase access to justice to the indigent and
vulnerable.

Mpho Phasha

Legal Aid SA spokesman

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             668 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Chronicle of Philanthropy

                                January 13, 2013

Development Groups Fail to Put Communities First, Says Former Aid Worker

BYLINE: Caroline Bermudez

SECTION: BOOKS; Community

LENGTH: 786  words

ABSTRACT

In a new book, Tori Hogan says humanitarian programs are plagued by poor
management.

FULL TEXT

Humanitarian programs are plagued by poor management and do little to help the
people they serve, says Tori Hogan, author of Beyond Good Intentions: A Journey
Into the Realities of International Aid. A former aid worker and founder of a
company that produces films questioning the efficacy of international aid, she
recounts her travels documenting the work of aid groups. Following are excerpts
from her conversation with The Chronicle.

What problems persist in international aid?

The needs of the people that are being served are not the center of attention.
You really can't be effective when you come into a community with the assumption
that you know better.

A lot of the decisions at a head office are dictated by the donor. And as a
result, aid organizations are unable to be flexible with the community, respond
to their needs one on one, or have a long-term horizon in which they can plan
strategically. There's no feedback loop.

Another problem is an expat aid-worker community that is very well intentioned
but often not very well connected to the people they're trying to serve. A lot
of waste and mismanagement.

Are these due to organizational or staff failures?

It's an organizational failure because the way these organizations are
structured, they are not set up to attract the best and brightest.

If they are able to attract them, they're often unable to retain them because
the number of frustrations you encounter when you're working for a lot of these
organizations is so high.

You see a pretty young profession-a lot of naïve do-gooders in their 20s or
early 30s love to get into international aid, but they burn out very quickly
because they realize that it's not always what they hoped it would be.

What skills do aid workers need?

Intense humility. They need communications skills; that means being able to
share their ideas, how to listen and take in ideas from other people and know
how to process those effectively. Project-management skills not only in the
short term but also in the long term, and understanding strategic planning over
time.

I think a lot of aid workers would benefit from business degrees. What they
definitely don't need is a degree in development skills. It doesn't provide you
with hard skills.

Why would business degrees benefit aid workers?

When aid recipients are treated more like customers instead of beneficiaries,
there is infinitely more accountability and the results are often more
appropriate and effective. When you approach aid from a business mind-set, it's
often easier to properly identify unmet needs among your target population,
design an approach with the customer in mind that will maximize impact, and
tailor the project over time to better meet the needs of the people you're
serving.

Does government help or hinder aid efforts?

Most of the government programs are less helpful than they intend to be because
there's an enormous amount of bureaucracy required to run these programs. There
are so many moving parts and so many people that need to be reported to. At the
end of the day, it's not about people at the grass-roots level, it's about a lot
of people in offices trying to figure out whether the money got spent correctly
or at all.

Is aid glamorized too heavily?

Donors are often misled by organizations that are very good at convincing them
that their money is going to be spent well, when in actuality it's not. We're in
the age of the glossy brochure and the fancy Internet campaign that invest in an
enormous amount of what I call "poverty porn" to convince you that for the price
of a cup of coffee a day, you can save a child's life. Some of the organizations
that have the biggest media and marketing budgets are the ones that are doing
the least good in the field, but they sure can tell a good story.

If an organization is doing very good work, it means that they usually don't
need a lot of marketing because the word's gonna get out, people are going to
hear about it, and ideas are going to spread organically.

We all are looking for that one answer that's going to be the silver bullet to
solve all the world's problems. The fact is, that doesn't exist. I encourage
people to invest in unsexy aid.

What do you consider to be "unsexy" aid?

"Sexy" aid would include things like building schools, digging wells, and
sending in-kind donations. These are initiatives that you usually can take a
picture with or put your name on in some way. In contrast, "unsexy" aid would
include projects that are highly effective but are harder for donors to get
clear credit for in the form of photos or plaques, such as teacher training,
deworming, or legal aid.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Publisher: Seal Press, 1700 Fourth Street, Berkeley, Calif. 94710;
(510) 595-3664; http://www.sealpress.com; 304 pages; $16.00; ISBN-13:
978-1580054348.
International Aid Groups Fail to Put the Needy First, Says Ex-Charity Worker 2

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 The Chronicle of Philanthropy
                              All Rights Reserved


                             669 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Utility Week

                                January 10, 2013

EU looks at energy state aid

BYLINE: Gordon Downie and Joanne McDowall are solicitors in the Energy and
Natural Resources Group of Shepherd and Wedderburn LLP

SECTION: ENERGY

LENGTH: 943 words



HIGHLIGHT: Europe has just published draft guidelines on state aid, with
explicit reference to energy. Now is your last chance to influence policy
development, say Gordon Downie and Joanne McDowall.


For many involved in the energy sector little regard will have been paid to
European Union state aid rules, until relatively recently. Given the various
developments in this area, it seems unlikely this will continue to be the case.
State aid rules are designed to prevent distortions of competition between
member states, so where member states intend to support certain undertakings or
industries (such as renewable generators), they are only permitted to do so in a
manner compatible with the state aid rules. Significantly, it is the European
Commission that determines what support is compatible with the state aid rules,
not individual member states.

On 18 December 2013, the European Commission published for consultation draft
guidelines on environmental and energy aid for 2014-20. The guidelines set out
the conditions under which aid will be permitted. The scope of the guidelines
has, for the first time, been expanded to explicitly include energy aid (see
box) as well as environmental aid - given the huge impact that the energy sector
has on environmental protection. The consultation is open until 14 February 2014
and it is expected that the guidelines will come into force in the second half
of this year. There have been some timely reminders of the Commission's
supremacy in this area. On the day the draft guidelines were published, the
Commission opened an in-depth investigation into a support scheme in Germany for
energy-intensive companies benefitting from a reduced renewables surcharge and
an investigation into the UK's proposed support scheme for Hinkley Point C. The
following day, a judgement was issued from the European Court of Justice
confirming that an obligation on electricity distributors in France to purchase
renewable wind energy was caught by the state aid rules and as such, not
permitted unless and until it was approved by the Commission. This provides
clear evidence of the significance and impact of the state aid rules in the
energy sector and indeed, the need for the UK to get the Commission "on-side"
with its Electricity Market Reform proposals. The guidelines seek to provide
transparency for member states as to what will be permitted, and hence to help
ensure their support schemes are compatible with EU rules. Failure to do so will
have clear detrimental effects on investor confidence. To decide if aid should
be approved, the Commission will consider it against the terms of the guidelines
and the relevant criteria. In this regard, the guidelines list the "common
assessment principles" (including how these are to be assessed) and the specific
conditions for certain categories of aid.  The general principles include the
need for: i) a contribution to a common objective (for the energy sector this is
ensuring a competitive, sustainable and secure energy system in a well
functioning European energy market); ii) a genuine market failure; iii) the aid
to be the appropriate way to address the failure; iv) is proportionate in that
it will be no more than what is required to achieve the desired outcome.  The
Commission's investigation into the proposed support for Hinkley Point C is
seeking to establish whether there is a genuine market failure and if so,
whether the level of support is the minimum necessary. The guidelines helpfully
provide further detail in respect of a number of categories of aid including
(among others) aid to energy from renewable sources, aid to energy
infrastructure and aid for generation adequacy. Aid to energy from renewable
sources can be granted in the form of investment aid or operating aid and the
aid schemes can be authorised for a maximum period of ten years. If the schemes
are to be maintained after this period (as would be the case for contracts for
differences in the UK), they will need to be re-notified. Significantly, the
guidelines are clear there will be no obligation on member states to open up
their renewable support schemes to other member states, although this is on the
condition that an explanation is given as to why there is no co-operation
mechanism in place (allowing for cross-border support). The guidelines are clear
that aid for energy from renewable sources should be granted as part of a
competitive bidding process and all generators from renewable sources should be
able to bid on a non-discriminatory basis. Member states are permitted to
specify a minimum number of different renewable sources and are permitted to
exclude electricity in certain geographical areas if necessary to secure grid
stability.  The preferred form of aid is by way of a feed-in premium or tariff,
and generators should be subject to standard balancing responsibilities. Aid
will be permitted in the form of green certificates. However, the evidence
required from member states is more challenging and does not permit different
levels of support (banding) for deployed technologies. The extent of any aid (or
the so-called permitted aid intensity) is set out in the annex to the guidelines
and varies according to the size of the undertaking receiving the aid. The aid
intensities are proposed as follows: small enterprises (65 per cent); medium
enterprises (55 per cent); and large enterprises (45 per cent).  Given the
impact these guidelines will have in shaping energy regimes and their
attractiveness to industry and investors, there is no doubt that key
stakeholders in all member states will be scrutinising the detail of the
guidelines and submitting appropriate responses to the consultation. Indeed,
this could be viewed as the most meaningful (and arguably, last) opportunity to
influence policy in this area for a number of years.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                       Copyright 2013 Faversham House LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                             670 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                              July 8, 2012 Sunday

Nicholas Kristof: The coffin-maker indicators

BYLINE: By Nicholas Kristof

SECTION: OPINION; Columnists

LENGTH: 1063 words


MASERU, Lesotho -- If you worry that foreign aid is an utter waste, just chat
with some mortality experts here in southern Africa -- the coffin-makers.

They're miserable.

These coffin-makers in the street markets are idle partly because U.S. spending
on programs to fight AIDS around the world means that vast numbers of people are
no longer dying at a young age. So coffin-makers sit dejectedly beside stacks of
lumber, waiting for business.

"Before, a lot of people were dying of AIDS," said Moeketsi Monamela, a
33-year-old coffin-maker here in Maseru, the capital of the mountainous kingdom
of Lesotho. A half-dozen years ago, he sometimes crafted 20 coffins a month, he
said. Now, he typically sells five or six.

"Now there is medication, so fewer people are dying of AIDS," Monamela
explained. "I'm not very happy because this is my future."

Realizing that this did not sound quite right, he started again: "Although the
medication has affected my business, I'm happy because I don't want to see
people dying of AIDS."

In this election year in the United States, there'll be bitter debates about
what should be cut from budgets, and one thing Democrats and Republicans seem to
agree on is that foreign aid is bloated. Polls indicate that six out of 10
Americans favor cutting foreign aid.

A World Public Opinion poll in 2010 found that Americans believed that foreign
aid consumed one-quarter of federal spending. They said it should be slashed to
only 10 percent.

In fact, all foreign aid accounts for about 1 percent of federal spending -- and
that includes military assistance and a huge, politically driven check made out
to Israel, a wealthy country that is the largest recipient of U.S. aid. True
humanitarian aid constitutes roughly half of 1 percent of the federal budget --
and sometimes gets remarkable results, as is happening with AIDS.

My trips to southern Africa used to be heartbreaking. Funerals were constant,
schools were emptied of teachers, and hospitals lost their doctors to the virus.
In the countryside, children starved because adults were too sick to farm. In
Swaziland in 2006, I came across a 12-year-old orphan girl who had become head
of her household after AIDS had wiped out the adults.

Yet now the picture is starkly different. On my annual win-a-trip journey with a
university student -- this year it's Jordan Schermerhorn of Rice University --
we've been seeing how assistance changed the course of the AIDS epidemic in
Lesotho and Malawi. Global AIDS deaths are decreasing steadily from the peak in
2004. New infections are down. About half a million mothers with HIV, which
causes AIDS, used to infect their babies in childbirth each year, but now a
simple treatment regimen aims to eliminate that by 2015.

The progress is the result in large part of PEPFAR, or the President's Emergency
Plan for AIDS Relief, and the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and
Malaria (which the United States supports). To his great credit, President
George W. Bush started PEPFAR in 2003; it's the best thing he did.

With the help of PEPFAR and the Global Fund, antiretrovirals, which are powerful
AIDS drugs, are now available free in needy countries. AIDS will still kill
millions of people, and there are already shortages of medications, but the tide
is turning.

"As a bottom line, millions would not be alive without PEPFAR, while, at the
same time, millions more in their families have been saved from poverty because
mothers and fathers are productive again," notes Dr. Peter Piot, the former
executive director of the U.N. program against AIDS and the author of a
sparkling new memoir, "No Time to Lose."

"If we have reached a turning point in the global AIDS response, it is also
largely due to PEPFAR," Piot added. "There are probably very few examples in
international aid that can demonstrate such dramatic, direct impact."

In Bobete, in rural Lesotho, we visited a clinic run by Partners in Health, the
aid group founded by Dr. Paul Farmer of Harvard. The clinic tests virtually all
pregnant women in the area for HIV, and those with the virus are given treatment
so that they will not pass it along to their babies.

Those who need them get free antiretrovirals and treatment for tuberculosis
(which often accompanies AIDS). With treatment, patients are able to continue to
work and support their families.

It's true that AIDS treatment has worked better than PEPFAR's prevention
strategies, such as promoting condoms and discouraging multiple partners.
Prevention by supporting male circumcision in hard-hit countries seems more
promising (circumcision greatly reduces the rates of HIV transmission through
heterosexual sex). Lesotho is hoping to circumcise 80 percent of sexually active
males within five years, up from less than 20 percent now.

In the Malawi village of Makaluka, a woman named Gladys Daniel told us that
everyone knows how AIDS is spread, but that about half the villagers still sleep
around, usually without condoms. "Our husbands can have multiple partners and
put us in danger," she said.

It turns out that her concern was not theoretical. "I know my husband has a
partner," she said, adding that her husband steals money from her to pay his
girlfriend for sex. With risky behavior like this, some 2.7 million new
infections still occur annually around the world. So although the progress is
immense, there's still a long war to be fought against AIDS -- and if funds are
slashed, the world will slip backward.

AIDS programs are just one of many foreign aid successes. Here in Lesotho, the
United States used the carrot of Millennium Challenge grants to nudge the
government to end a ban on letting women purchase property or borrow money from
banks by themselves. Child mortality rates are plummeting because of money spent
on clean water, vaccines and hospitals.

Granted, aid is often misspent, just as it is by the military and everybody
else. Yes, the war on AIDS took many wrong turns (as documented in the recent
book "Tinderbox").

But when you hear candidates in this campaign season in the United States
declare that money for foreign aid should be slashed, remember that modest sums
have saved lives on an unprecedented scale. When there's a depression in the
coffin-making industry, that's a tribute to foreign aid that Americans can take
pride in -- and should support.

Nicholas Kristof writes a column for the New York Times.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             671 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             July 25, 2009 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Buying a Hearing Aid? You've Got a Lot to Learn

BYLINE: By WALECIA KONRAD

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; PATIENT MONEY; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1356 words


BOB BUCKWALTER, a retired pastor in Williamstown, Mass., bought his first pair
of hearing aids in January.

Like most people suffering from gradual hearing loss, he had resisted the idea
for years. But, after talking with people who have benefited from aids and doing
research to find a nearby audiologist, Mr. Buckwalter was ready to take the
plunge.

But there was one thing he was not ready for: the $4,600 price tag.

''It's a monumental amount,'' Mr. Buckwalter said. ''The technology is
impressive, and they've certainly made a difference in my life. But the fact is,
they're extremely expensive. And what I'm really surprised by is the fact that
insurance doesn't pay for them.''

Indeed, Medicare and most private insurance plans will pay only for the doctor
visit to determine the need for a hearing aid,  but not for the device itself.
(There are exceptions, including coverage for cochlear implants to treat severe
hearing loss or deafness, some Veterans Affairs programs and some federal
employee insurance.) The private plans that do pay for hearing aids usually
contribute only $500 to $1,000 toward the cost.

What's more, in the current health reform effort in Congress, while the House
legislation would provide more coverage for children's hearing aids, no one is
proposing to pay for adults' devices. Separately, there is legislation in both
the House and Senate proposing a tax break for hearing aid purchases.

''Unfortunately, hearing aids are seen as one of those medical costs, like
vision and dental, that doesn't deserve full coverage,'' said Gyl A. Kasewurm,
an audiologist in St. Joseph, Mich.

About 37 million people suffer from some form of hearing loss -- from minor
impairment to total deafness -- in the United States. But less than a quarter of
the people who could benefit from hearing aids actually use them. One reason is
people's reluctance to admitting a disability.

But cost is a big factor, says Lise Hamlin, director of public policy for the
Hearing Loss Association, an advocacy and lobbying group. Hearing aids average
about $2,000 each,  Ms. Hamlin said, ''but I've seen prices range from $1,400 to
$5,000 apiece.''

Hearing aid technology has improved significantly in the last decade. Almost all
hearing aids used today are digital; sound goes into a microphone and is
digitally processed by a chip, amplified, then sent to the ear. Digital
technology allows the aids to be programmed for an individual's exact hearing
loss needs -- a big improvement from the old-fashioned analog varieties that
were little more than an amplifier with a volume control.

But the technical leap is not the only reason for high prices. Traditionally,
hearing aids have been sold through professionals who also fit and adjust the
devices as part of the overall cost.  The system, however, leaves room for
plenty of inept or even greedy providers to take the reins.

That's why choosing an audiologist or hearing aid technician can be just as
important as choosing the aid itself. What follows is advice on how to do just
that -- as well  for finding financial help when purchasing hearing aids.

SHOP FOR THE PROVIDER. No matter how state of the art your hearing aid may be,
Ms. Hamlin says,  if it is not properly programmed and adjusted it will not do
you any good.

Ms. Kasewurm, the audiologist, says two people with the same degree of hearing
loss will process sound differently depending on the cause of the hearing
diminishment and how long the problem has gone untreated.  That makes it
difficult to buy the right hearing aid over the counter or through the Internet.

Most hearing aids are sold by an audiologist or a hearing instrument specialist.
Audiologists have a doctorate, but not a medical degree, while instrument
specialists go through a training program  and an apprenticeship. Sometimes a
hearing aid center  will employ both types of professionals. Your ear, nose and
throat medical specialist may have an audiologist on staff who will dispense
hearing aids.

The Hearing Loss Association of America provides a good checklist for anyone
purchasing a hearing aid and looking for a good dispenser. In addition, the
American Academy of Audiologists lists providers by locale.

WHAT TO ASK BEFORE YOU BUY.

Do you sell a wide range of products?

Your dispenser should sell every style of hearing aid, including behind-the-ear
open fit, behind-the-ear with ear mold, inside the ear  and inside the ear
canal. That way you will have a better chance of finding the type that works
best and is most comfortable for you.

Because it would be difficult for a dispenser to  become an expert in fitting
all the various brands of hearing aids available,  a limited choice of
manufacturers isn't necessarily a red flag. But do watch out if a dispenser is
pushing a particular brand without discussing other options.

What kind of testing do you do?

Make sure your dispenser will do an extensive hearing assessment in a soundproof
booth to determine the type, degree and dimension of your hearing loss.

The Food and Drug Administration, which regulates the hearing loss industry,
also requires you to get a doctor's examination. If you do not have that exam
and do not want one, the dispenser must have you sign a waiver before selling
you a hearing aid.

In addition, the audiologist or hearing aid technician should also do a
follow-up test while you are wearing the new aid to determine how well it is
working in several simulated situations.

Is there a separate fitting fee?

In most cases, the initial fitting -- when you first learn how to insert and use
your new aid -- should be included in the purchase price. With the
behind-the-ear style using an ear mold,  however, some dispensers charge an
extra fee for the mold.

How often can I come in for adjustments?

The best answer is, as much as you need to. Barring that, make sure the purchase
price covers at least two or three visits after the initial fitting. The need
for adjustments and fine-tuning is almost inevitable.

''Most people wait eight to 10 years before they decide to get a hearing aid,''
said Carole Rogin, executive director of the Hearing Industries Association, a
hearing aid manufacturer trade group. ''It takes a long time to retrain the
brain how to hear.''

Can I get a copy of my test results?

As with eyeglass prescriptions, you should be able to get a copy of your hearing
tests. That way, if you do not like working with that particular dispenser, you
will not have to repeat that rigmarole when you choose another one.

READ THE CONTRACT CAREFULLY. Once you choose a provider, make sure you get a
written contract and understand what exactly is included in the price. Any fee
for follow-up visits should be spelled out.

Once you buy, manufacturers offer a trial period during which you can return
your hearing aid at no cost or for a minimal fee. Many states mandate a minimum
trial period, usually 30 days. Some providers and manufacturers offer 45 days.
And make sure your contract specifies that you will get all or most of your
money back if you return the hearing aid or aids within the trial period.

This document should also cover the length of the warranty  and the cost to
replace lost or damaged aids, and specify the policy on batteries. Some
providers include a continuous supply of batteries to encourage clients to
continue to use their aids. Although the batteries are widely available in
retail stores for a dollar or so, the cost can add up.

''If I wear my hearing aids continuously, the battery runs out in five days,''
Mr. Buckwalter said. ''That's something I hadn't bargained for.''

FOR FINANCIAL HELP... There are resources for people who cannot afford the high
cost of hearing aids. The Lions Club International has an expansive program.

Also, most states have vocational rehabilitation programs that may cover the
cost of hearing aids if you cannot perform your job without them. In addition,
check the Web sites of the Better Hearing Institute and the Hearing Loss
Association  for comprehensive lists of federal and state financial assistance.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Bob Buckwalter of Williamstown, Mass., was surprised by the
price of his hearing aids -- $4,600 -- and that insurance did not cover
them.(PHOTOGRAPH BY ROBERT SPENCER FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                             672 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             July 16, 2009 Thursday

Afghan officials accuse aid organization of wasting aid money

LENGTH: 558 words


Text of report by Afghan independent Tolo TV on 15 July

[Presenter] A special body inspecting US financial aid for Afghanistan's
reconstruction [he apparently means the Office of the Special Inspector General
for Afghanistan Reconstruction] reports in a very critical tone massive waste of
the aid provided by the USA to Afghanistan. The body adds that the US aid for
the reconstruction of Afghanistan has been wasted more than expected. According
to the head of this body, 26 cases of waste of the aid for Afghanistan are due
to be investigated. Wali Arian has more.

[Correspondent] There were reports about the embezzlement of international aid
for Afghanistan, but the USA now confirms that the American aid for the
reconstruction of Afghanistan has been wasted in many cases. The special body
inspecting US financial aid for Afghanistan's reconstruction, which was recently
set up by the American Congress, does not make clear how much of the aid has
been embezzled in favour of which organizations. According to this body, America
has provided nearly 40bn dollars in aid for Afghanistan in seven years, but some
residents of Kabul city are saying much improvement is not seen in Afghanistan's
economy despite pouring of huge aid.

[A man, in Dari] Do you see any area of Afghanistan reconstructed and rebuilt?
Poverty has increased and people's economy has not improved.

[Another man, in Dari] They [officials] are merely serving their own interests
and do not care about the poor.

[A young man, in Dari] Reconstruction activities have been carried out in the
capital and provinces by 50 per cent and we are happy from the international
community to some extent.

[Correspondent] Meanwhile, Afghan officials are saying only 6bn of the aid
provided to Afghanistan have been spent through the budget of the Afghan
government and the bulk of the aid has been spent by donor countries in
Afghanistan. The bulk of the aid has apparently been wasted by international
organizations and donor countries.

[Aziz Shams, the spokesman for the Ministry of Finance, in Dari] In case the aid
has been embezzled, an inspection by the donor countries will make clear after
investigating many cases of embezzlement whether the aid has been wasted or not.

[Hamed Helmi, deputy presidential spokesman, in Dari] The government is ready to
give account of the aid money provided to it. We believe huge aid money has been
wasted by the organizations that spent the aid without putting the government in
the picture.

[Correspondent] On the other hand, the head of parliament's national economy
committee is saying an assessment by the Afghan parliament shows that most of
the aid has been wasted by donor organizations.

[Aziz Ahmad Nadem, the chairman of parliament's national economy committee, in
Dari] There is 40 per cent corruption in government spending while 80 per cent
corruption in the spending of donor countries and the international community in
Afghanistan.

[Correspondent] The donor countries have not channelled [the bulk] of its aid
through the government of Afghanistan because the latter cannot transparently
spend the aid money. According to experts, no noticeable change has been brought
to the economy and reconstruction of the country despite massive aid provided by
various countries to Afghanistan.

Source: Tolo TV, Kabul, in Dari and Pashto 1330 gmt 15 Jul 09

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2009 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             673 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     November 14, 2003 Friday Home Edition

AIDS group, clients endure;
Survival Project marks 15th anniversary with plans to expand support services
beyond the Atlanta area.

BYLINE: PATRICIA GUTHRIE

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Metro News; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 631 words


Fifteen years ago, Jamey Rousey couldn't get a dentist anywhere in metro Atlanta
to look at an abscessed tooth. Why? Because he told them he was HIV-positive.

Today, it takes a 78-page booklet called Key Contacts to list the health,
support and government agencies and clinics providing assistance for metro
Atlantans living with the AIDS virus.

The group that pushed hardest for better services and individual rights
celebrates its 15th anniversary this weekend. The AIDS Survival Project, which
is expanding its services to the rest of Georgia, plans to observe the occasion
with a gala Saturday evening honoring longtime AIDS advocates and survivors.

With a paid staff of 10 and dozens of volunteers, the group acts as a conduit to
medical, housing and social agencies. It educates and steers clients toward 23
different support offices and agencies devoted to people with HIV and AIDS. Peer
counselors and social workers act as a lifeline for people dealing with the
shock, isolation and hopelessness that often accompanies an HIV/AIDS diagnosis.

In 1988, only two such groups existed. So a handful of mostly white gay men with
AIDS decided they could do the best job of speaking up for themselves.

"We started out as one of the People With AIDS coalitions that were forming in
1986 and 1987," said Jeff Graham, the executive director. "It's amazing what's
happened since then. Our mission has really changed from helping people die in
comfort and dignity to helping people live their lives in pride and confidence.
We provide tools for living.."

The group created Thrive! Weekend, a two-day seminar for the newly diagnosed.
They're given a 600-page resource book covering legal issues, nutrition, safer
sex, clinical trials of new medications and more. This program, along with the
Survival Project's large and comprehensive resource room packed with 450 AIDS/
HIV-related items, have been replicated across the county.

In Georgia, the life and death balance sheet of AIDS just passed its 50-50 mark.
Cumulative reported cases in the state since 1981 total 27,144. Of those, 14,503
people have died and 12,641 people are living with the disease. About two-thirds
of Georgia's AIDS patients live in the 20-county area surrounding metro Atlanta.

Across the country, more and more rural residents have become part of AIDS
statistics, particularly in Georgia and other Southern states. AIDS Survival
Project is expanding its web of care to help those who can't get the medical and
social services readily available to urban residents. The organization has
started the Positive Action Network, which will train people across Georgia on
how to advocate for better services. Lobbying and advocacy also have been a
mainstay of AIDS Survival Project.

"They are fantastic," says Felicia Guest of the Southeast AIDS Training and
Education Center at the Emory University School of Medicine. "The group has no
fat and they're really smart about how they use their money. To me, they are the
best example of how to make an omelet of the eggs that are broken."

The Survival Project and several other AIDS help groups just moved into an old
renovated brick house on Ralph McGill Boulevard downtown.

Antoniette Sinclair is a grateful client of the cozy, crowded space and its
staff.

"I started from the bottom and crawled my way out," says the 45-year-old woman,
who had simultaneously faced an addiction to crack cocaine and a diagnosis of
HIV eight years ago. She eventually found her way to the AIDS Survival Project,
where she's now the most enthusiastic and reliable volunteer.

"I come here every day like a regular job from 9:30 a.m. to 4:45," she says. "I
really couldn't say what I would have done without the people here. I may have
just gave up hope."

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: "I really couldn't say what I would have done without the people
here," says AIDS Survival Project volunteer Antoniette Sinclair, who has the
AIDS virus. / JOEY IVANSCO / Staff; Photo: "We provide tools for living," said
Jeff Graham, executive director of the AIDS Survival Project and a longtime
activist. Graham created the resource guide Key Contacts, a 78-page booklet for
metro Atlantans living with the AIDS virus. / LOUIE FAVORITE / Staff; Graphic:
AIDS SURVIVAL PROJECT
A nonprofit Atlanta-based group that started in 1988, it teaches people with
HIV/AIDS how to help themselves with all aspects of the disease; now expanding
its services statewide. All its services are free.

* Address: 139 Ralph McGill Blvd., Suite 201

* Paid staff: 10

* Volunteers: 250

* Clients: Annually, serves about 2,000 people who are HIV-positive or have AIDS
and their families; 250 newly diagnosed patients attend the group's educational
weekends held throughout the year.

* Budget: $800,000, received from government contracts, grants and private and
corporate donations.

* For more information: Call 404-874-7926; www.aidssurvivalproject.org

* 15th anniversary honorees: Sandra Thurman, director of the Office of National
AIDS Policy under President Bill Clinton and 1988-1993 executive director of AID
Atlanta; Dr. Michael Saag, founder and director of 1917 AIDS Outpatient Clinic
in Birmingham; and Jamey Rousey, Smyrna resident and longtime AIDS survivor and
activist, creator of the resource guide Key Contacts.
Source: AIDS Survival Project

                Copyright 2003 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             674 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                April 5, 2001, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

SOUTH AFRICAN PANEL ON AIDS IS DIVIDED OVER HOW TO DEAL WITH DISEASE;
DISSIDENTS SAY HIV TESTING AND USE OF AIDS DRUGS SHOULD BE HALTED

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A6

LENGTH: 362 words

DATELINE: CAPE TOWN, SOUTH AFRICAILLNESS; COMMUNICABLE DISEASE; MEDICAL
KNOWLEDGE; PANEL; STUDY RECOMMENDATIONS


An AIDS panel issued a sharply divided report Wednesday on how to deal with the
disease in South Africa, with dissidents urging a halt to HIV testing and the
use of AIDS medications.

President Thabo Mbeki established the advisory council last year and came under
fire for including revisionist theorists, many of which question whether HIV
causes the disease, the effectiveness of AIDS medication and whether AIDS exists
at all.

The 134-page report said the panel's two factions had a "fundamental
disagreement" on the cause of AIDS and, as a result, had emerged with "different
sets of recommendations."

The dissidents urged the suspension of all HIV testing and said AIDS medication
no longer should be prescribed. They also recommended that the government devote
its resources to eradicating malaria, tuberculosis and other "prominent AIDS
defining diseases."

Among their recommendations for preventing AIDS were detoxification of the body
through massage therapy, music therapy, yoga and spiritual care, a nd the use of
supplements such as ginseng, Chinese cucumber, aloe vera, garlic and echinacea.

The mainstream scientists urged HIV testing and the use of anti-retroviral
drugs.

"A stronger emphasis should be placed on sex education," they said, including
more widespread condom use and treatment of sexually transmitted diseases.

Both sides agreed on the need to continue to improve social conditions, reduce
poverty and improve nutrition - factors that Mbeki has said would help curb the
spread of the disease. About 4.7 million South Africans are infected with HIV.

Dr. Manto Tshabalala-Msimang, South Africa's health minister, said the
government would not change its AIDS policy because of the report.

"Pending the outcome of further research, the debates of the panel have not
provided grounds for the government to depart from its current approach to the
HIV/AIDS problem, which is rooted in the premise that HIV causes AIDS," she said
in a news release.

AIDS activists have asserted that Mbeki's flirtation with the dissident AIDS
theorists damaged prevention efforts, giving South Africans an excuse not to
practice safe sex.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             675 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                          July 7, 2000, Friday, FINAL

AIDS ravaging poorer countries: Delegates to a global conference will hear there
are no cures in sight for the disease.

SECTION: News; A16

LENGTH: 547 words

DATELINE: DURBAN, South Africa


DURBAN, South Africa -- When 11,000 physicians, scientists, health workers and
AIDS activists descend on this Indian Ocean port city this weekend, they will
not hear of any dramatic cures for AIDS.

''There are no major medical breakthroughs,'' said Dr. Salim Abdool Karim, head
of the HIV/AIDS Research Unit at South Africa's Medical Research Council and
chairman of the scientific program for the 13th International AIDS Conference,
which opens Sunday.

Instead, they will hear more of what they already suspect: that AIDS is
spreading at astonishing rates in the developing world and will keep on
spreading for the next few years, no matter what anyone does.

This is happening despite statistics indicating that infection rates are
stabilizing or falling in some developed countries due to new, expensive
treatments not available in poorer countries. Experts at the conference will try
to come up with some concerted policies to contain the spread of the disease
throughout the world.

The Joint United Nations Program on HIV/AIDS, or UNAIDS, issued a report last
week that predicted at least one-third of all 15-year-olds in the worst-affected
countries will die of acquired immune deficiency syndrome.

''In countries such as South Africa and Zimbabwe, where a fifth or a quarter of
the adult population is infected, AIDS is set to claim the lives of around half
of all 15-year-olds,'' UNAIDS said.

Currently 34.3 million people are infected with the virus that causes AIDS, and
2.8 million died of it last year.

In Canada, cumulative totals of more than 45,500 positive HIV tests, 16,900 AIDS
cases and 11,700 AIDS-related deaths had been reported to health authorities as
of the end of 1999.

Maria Minna, minister for international cooperation, will represent Canada at
the conference.

She will issue the second edition of a new HIV/AIDS Action Plan by the Canadian
International Development Agency to help control and prevent the spread of the
disease in developing countries. Among other things, the plan outlines what does
and does not work in the effort to combat AIDS.

Minna will meet with South Africa officials and non-government organizations,
and follow up initiatives at an AIDS conference in Toronto last month.

As an indication of the amount of research under way toward the goal of
controlling AIDS, more than 5,000 reports will be presented during the Durban
conference.

''There will be refinements of what we know about drugs,'' Karim said. ''There
will be quite a lot of information about where we are moving to in terms of AIDS
vaccines, what progress we have made at reducing mother-to-child transmission in
the African setting.''

This last area is controversial.

South African President Thabo Mbeki has questioned the role of HIV in causing
AIDS and appointed a panel of scientists to work out recommendations for his
country.

The panel includes so-called AIDS dissidents who question the existence of the
HIV virus or its role in causing disease. In opening the conference on Sunday,
Mbeki is expected to reveal where he stands.

Mbeki has come under fire for his government's decision not to publicly supply
AZT, a drug that has been shown in many studies to reduce mother-to-child
transmission of HIV at birth.


LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CP Color Photo: Peter Andrews, Reuters / YOUNG VICTIM OF aids EPIDEMIC
IN AFRICA: A 10-year-old boy infected with the HIV virus lies in his bed at the
Nyumbani orphanage outside of Nairobi this week. He is one of the 70 HIV-
positive children varying from the age of six months to 17 years who are staying
in the Kenyan orphanage. Africa's AIDS epidemic is seen as the biggest threat to
stability and development of the continent. The South African city of Durban
will play host to an international conference on AIDS next week.

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             676 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 13, 1999, Wednesday, Final Edition

Continental Scourge

Ann Duggan

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. A25

LENGTH: 804 words


Eighty-three percent of all AIDS-related deaths have occurred in sub-Saharan
Africa, with 2 million deaths and nearly 4 million new HIV infections in 1998
alone. Africa must fight AIDS, but Africa cannot fight AIDS alone.

The annual health budget in most African countries is less than $ 6 per citizen
-- ridiculously far below the $ 12,000-a-year price tag of the protease
inhibitors used to fight the AIDS virus. Yet, according to a recent U.N. report,
international donor spending on the fight against AIDS leveled off in 1990 even
as AIDS infections continued to rise at alarming rates. The report estimates
that wealthy nations now spend less than one percent of their annual development
assistance budgets for AIDS programs in developing countries.

The Clinton administration recently unveiled a $ 100 million initiative to fight
HIV/AIDS in Africa. The money will be directed to prevention (through education
and counseling), health care for those currently infected with AIDS, and care
for children orphaned by AIDS.

Now it is time for the rest of the international community to open its eyes to
the devastating toll AIDS has taken in Africa and to work for and alongside the
African people to bring this epidemic to an end. We must realize that increased
funding for AIDS prevention and patient care is not simply a humanitarian
gesture -- just as AIDS in Africa is not just a continent-wide health issue in
search of a cure. The devastating loss of lives and livelihoods, families and
futures, also has lasting effects on the countries as a whole -- significantly
reducing the work force, exacerbating poverty and leaving more than 4 million
children without parents.

A study conducted by USAID reports that 19 sub-Saharan countries will likely
have 40 million orphans by 2010 due to AIDS, and the life expectancy in 10
sub-Saharan countries will drop by 20 years. These are strains on the economy
and infrastructure of countries that will take decades to mend. Our commitment
to ending the AIDS crisis in Africa now is an investment in the future of the
continent and its people.

But increased funding must be spent wisely. We certainly cannot expect to treat
every AIDS patient in Africa with protease inhibitors. Nor can we place all of
our hopes in the so-called cheaper drugs such as AZT. The answer to fighting the
AIDS epidemic in Africa is prevention.

To date, the proposed solution on the part of many international humanitarian
and aid organizations has been to distribute condoms, teach safe sex and hope
for the best. But Africa is not America. In many African cultures, any
discussion of a sexual nature is taboo, and discussion of the causes of death is
equally avoided. In some countries the words "AIDS" has yet to be translated
into the local language. Approximately 90 percent of those who are HIV-positive
do not even know they are infected. And those who are aware of their plight
shield themselves in shame and humiliation, telling no one and seeking no
treatment for fear of alienation and discrimination, and causing the disease to
creep silently across the human landscape.

Uganda has been fighting the discrimination and stigmatization of AIDS with
aggressive education campaigns geared toward the country's young people.
Although Uganda was one of the hardest hit with the AIDS epidemic (with nearly
10 percent of the population infected), the country has seen a notable drop in
the proportion of infections since it began its campaign. Officials also note
that young people are delaying sex and having fewer partners, further
indications that the education is working. Indeed, Peter Piot, the director of
the United Nations program on AIDS, noted that Uganda's focus on values -- not
sex education or safe sex -- was enough to delay the average sexual experience
by at least two years.

Catholic Relief Services initiated its first AIDS project in Uganda in 1989,
combining psychological, spiritual and material support to HIV/AIDS patients and
their families and working with Ugandan officials to empower communities to
prevent its spread. Uganda now serves as a model for other African countries on
how to combat the disease with openness and understanding.

The status of women in many countries in sub-Saharan Africa is also a factor in
the spread of AIDS. Even when women remain faithful and careful, they are not in
a position to demand fidelity. The men often carry the disease from one partner
to the next, HIV-positive mothers give birth to HIV-positive children, and the
cycle continues.

Providing funds for treatments of AIDS-related infections, or to decrease or
prevent mother-child transmission is a Band-Aid on this problem. It does not
heal the wound.


Sister Ann Duggan is the AIDS response coordinator for Catholic Relief Services.



LOAD-DATE: October 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                             677 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Weekend Australian

                          September 11, 1999, Saturday

AIDS cuts swath through third world

SOURCE: * AFP

BYLINE: * A correspondent in Lusaka

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 604 words


SCIENTISTS and community activists meet in this Zambian capital tomorrow to
explore low-cost ways of combating the spread of AIDS in Africa, where the
disease threatens to kill tens of millions and inflict terrible social and
economic cost.

AIDS has been most deadly on the world's poorest continent, where governments
are fighting an epidemic with meagre resources, often handicapped by public
ignorance and superstition.

More than two-thirds of the estimated 33.4 million people in the world with AIDS
or HIV live in sub-Saharan Africa, according to the latest figures by the World
Health Organisation and UN AIDS agency.

For the first time, AIDS this year outstripped malaria as the prime source of
disease death in Africa. According to the UN Children's Fund in eastern and
southern Africa, AIDS is now claiming more lives than warfare, the continent's
biggest killer.

"AIDS has been around for only 20 years, but it is already killing more people
than any other infectious disease," said UNAIDS executive director, Peter Piot,
presenting the WHO's annual report.

In Botswana, Namibia and Zimbabwe, AIDS or HIV have contaminated as much as a
quarter of people aged between 15 and 49, and life expectancy has dropped from
70 to 40-45 years. Across Africa, more than 5500 funerals a day are held for
AIDS victims.

The economic and social toll from AIDS is enormous. In Malawi, nearly a third of
the country's teachers have HIV-AIDS. In Zambia, one adult in five will die from
AIDS in the next decade, inflicting major medical costs and a huge drain on the
workforce.

Africa is poorly placed to emulate Europe and the US, where the spread of AIDS
has been largely stabilised through a huge public awareness campaign, and where
the lives of AIDS sufferers can be prolonged by expensive cocktails of drugs.
Against this background, the five-day Lusaka conference will look at some of the
low-cost but effective anti-AIDS techniques being pioneered at local levels,
such as attacking machismo and taboo resistance to the use of condoms, and
including traditional doctors and elders in the fight against the disease.

Ugandan campaigners say they have helped halve the rate of HIV infection over
the past six years by open discussion of the dangers and publicising the use of
safe sex techniques.

Possibilities for an AIDS vaccine, AIDS treatment and the search for a cure will
be reviewed at the conference.

However, the outlook is not entirely grim for Africa. A newly licensed drug,
Nevirapine, has been found to have halved the risk of AIDS transmission from
mother to child, at a cost of only $6 for a three-day treatment.

Kenyan scientists are investigating one of several possible AIDS vaccines, based
on the natural resistance of a group of prostitutes to HIV.

...

AIDS in Africa

* An estimated 33.4 million people around the world are infected with AIDS or
HIV, according to WHO and UNAIDS figures

* 22.5 million of these people live in sub-Saharan Africa

* Of the 5.8 million people infected last year, 4 million are Africans

* In 1998, 1.7 million children or teenagers were infected

* In countries such as Botswana, Namibia, Swaziland and Zimbabwe, the HIV/AIDS
infection rate is more than 20 per cent of the population between 15 and 49

* Most will die within 10 years unless life-extending treatment is made
available

* The AIDS epidemic in Africa is inflicting a rising social and economic toll.
Millions of adults are dying in their 30s or 40s, leaving behind orphaned
children, overwhelmed hospitals and companies and schools hit by the loss of
skilled staff

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 1999 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             678 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      JANUARY 25, 1997 Saturday D EDITION

AIDS DEATHS SEEM HEADED FOR A DECLINE / THE TOTAL APPEARS TO HAVE LEVELED OFF IN
1995, FEDERAL OFFICIALS SAID. THEY WARNED THAT AIDS STILL PLAGUES THE YOUNG.

BYLINE: Huntly Collins, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 574 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Breaking a long upward trend, deaths from AIDS-related illness appear to have
plateaued in the United States, and will likely show a decline when newer
figures are tabulated for 1996, federal officials said yesterday.

In New York, the city hardest hit by the AIDS epidemic, the drop has already
begun - in a big way.

The New York City Health Department yesterday reported a 30 percent drop in AIDS
-related deaths in 1996, an unprecedented decline that officials attributed to
better medicines and increased federal funding to care for AIDS patients.

"It's good news," said Harold Jaffe, a top AIDS official at the federal Centers
for Disease Control and Prevention.

At the same time, however, CDC officials said there were other, sobering data
emerging.

While overall AIDS-related deaths may be dropping, AIDS is still the leading
cause of death for Americans between the ages of 25 and 44.

And the incidence of AIDS among people aged 13 to 25 is rising, especially among
young black women being infected with the AIDS virus by having unprotected sex
with an infected man.

CDC officials said that among this group, newly reported AIDS cases shot up 160
percent over five years - from 170 women in 1990 to 440 in 1995. That was the
largest percentage increase among all groups of young people.

The figures were released during a news briefing at the Fourth Conference on
Retroviruses and Opportunistic Infections, which has attracted more than 2,400
scientists and doctors to a five-day meeting at the Sheraton Washington Hotel.

John Ward, head of AIDS surveillance for the CDC, told reporters that the number
of AIDS-related deaths appears to have leveled off at 42,506 in 1995, when there
were 15.4 deaths per 100,000 people in the United States. It was the first time
since the beginning of the AIDS epidemic 16 years ago that AIDS-related
mortality has not increased, he said.

In New York, which accounts for 16 percent of all AIDS cases in America, the
number of AIDS-related deaths plateaued at about 7,000 in 1995, then dropped
precipitously to an estimated 5,000 in 1996, said Mary Ann Chiasson, a city
health department official.

She said one reason for the decline might be the advent of better medicines,
including those to fight the secondary infections suffered by AIDS patients and
those that directly attack the virus.

The effects of the new AIDS drugs known as protease inhibitors are not reflected
in the data because the drugs came to market just last spring.

But even before the protease inhibitors, doctors had begun to extend patients'
lives by prescribing combinations of the older drugs, such as AZT, ddI and ddC,
with a relatively new drug known as 3TC.

Chiasson said an increase in federal funding for AIDS care in New York may have
played a role in keeping patients alive. Between 1993 and 1994, the city's share
of federal funds under the Ryan White Care Act rose from $44 million to $100
million, she said.

"There is broad access to treatment and care," she said.

In the coming year, expanded use of the new protease inhibitors in combination
with the older anti-AIDS drugs is expected to cause AIDS-related death to
decline even more.

But CDC officials expressed concern that the advent of the new AIDS drugs, whose
long-term effectiveness is unknown, not encourage people to engage in risky
behavior such as having unprotected sex or sharing contaminated syringes.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1997 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             679 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           The Nikkei Weekly (Japan)

                                October 3, 1994

Tokyo's aid policy worthy of praise
Despite Progress, Disbursement Methods Could Use Refining

SECTION: EDITORIAL & COMMENTARY; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 990 words


Forty years ago this month, Japan provided its first foreign-aid donation with a
50,000 dollars contribution to the Colombo Plan, a regional economic-development
regime.

Four decades and trillions of yen later, Tokyo extends more official development
assistance than any other country in the world, including the U.S. In 1993,
Japan provided 11.47 billion dollars in ODA.

The standard stereotype of Japanese ODA is that it is a vehicle for the
promotion of Japan Inc., that the government's policies are simply a
continuation of the nation's domestic economic strategy.

As is often the case with stereotypes, these views are based on some elements of
truth, some of misperception and some of distortion.

Five stages

The Japanese aid program has essentially evolved through five phases that have
sometimes overlapped.

The first was reparations, when Tokyo extended goods and services, as opposed to
cash, to nations it had previously invaded before and during World War II.

This led to phase two in the 1960s, in which aid was quite openly used as an
export-promotion device to conform with the goals of Prime Minister Hayato
Ikeda's plan to double the income of Japanese citizens by the end of the decade.

Phase three involved the globalization of Tokyo's ODA and was triggered by the
1973 oil crisis.

In 1972, more than 98% of all Japanese aid was earmarked for other Asian
nations.  After the first oil shock, Tokyo moved toward a more balanced
geographic aid distribution, extending roughly 70% of its assistance to Asia,
with 10% each going to Latin America, Africa and the Middle East.

The oil crisis also provoked attitudinal changes among Japanese aid planners. No
longer would ODA simply be seen as an economic tool but increasingly as a
political one as well.  Another lesson from the oil shock and its aftermath was
that aid could be used to shore up natural-resource lifelines if necessary.  In
the years that followed, Tokyo extended increased amounts of ODA to countries
rich in natural resources.

The fourth phase, which started in the 1980s, was characterized by the use of
aid to try to mollify Japan's most severe trade critics in Washington. The
Foreign Ministry frequently used American gaiatsu, or outside pressure, as a
means to squeeze the Finance Ministry for more funding for the overall aid
budget, as well as for countries that were strategically important for the West
such as Turkey, Pakistan and Egypt.

The fifth and current phase began with the adoption of the so-called ODA Charter
by the cabinet of Toshiki Kaifu. The charter, which came about mainly as a
device to quiet Diet critics who wanted an aid law passed along the lines of the
U.S. Foreign Assistance Act, embraces the promotion of democracy and protection
of the environment.  It also discourages the production of weapons of mass
destruction and arms exporting.

Not legally binding

Like the U.S. version of this policy, implementation can be highly selective.

The one difference, however, is that U.S. actions, such as cutting aid when a
coup d'etat occurs in a nation receiving aid, are enshrined in law; the
administration often has little choice.

On the other hand, since Japan's ODA Charter is not a legally binding document,
Tokyo can turn a blind eye if it so chooses.

Elements of the latter four of these phases persist to varying degrees in the
current Japanese aid program.  While Tokyo has made considerable progress to
untie aid, recent revelations concerning technical assistance implemented by the
Japan International Cooperation Agency shows what happens under a tied-aid
scheme.  It was not surprising at all to learn that collusion exists among some
trading companies.

While no evidence exists to suggest that this also occurs under Overseas
Economic Cooperation Fund (OECF) yen loans, if such evidence was uncovered this
would be far more troubling.  First because of the volume of aid involved - over
60% of Japan's annual expenditures - and second because OECF loans are generally
believed to be much more open to foreign bidders and thus untied.

There are conceptual differences regarding Japanese aid which often cause
confusion abroad.

Loose use of terms

For one thing, the term "aid" has only been widely used for about 15 years.
Before that, Japanese aid was domestically referred to as "economic cooperation"
and many circles continue to use the latter term.

No doubt part of the reason for this is that Japanese aid was not very
concessional in the past.  When major economic-cooperation packages are offered,
Tokyo sometimes lumps grants, concessional and nonconcessional loans, as well as
private financing, under one umbrella.  The media usually translate economic
cooperation as aid, and when the onion skin is peeled away showing only a small
percentage of aid as defined by the Development Assistance Committee of the
Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, duplicity if suspected.

But in reality, the explanation relates more to Japan's past practices of aid
definition.

There remain problems in policy-making under the Japanese aid system.  The
plethora of ministries and agencies involved in decision making related to aid
sometimes results in an aid policy which is confused.

To be sure, the dearth of personnel also remains a major issue: Japan has about
1,550 officials working on aid throughout the government, roughly the same as
the U.K. But the size of Britain's aid budget is less than one-third that of
Japan's.

Nonetheless, Tokyo must be given high marks for considerable progress in
developing an increasingly innovative aid program.  Few donors are moving
forward, and Japan must be described as a leader in this area, in spite of the
pitfalls of its disbursement methods.

Thirty years ago, the bullet train was a World Bank aid project and Japan was
the second-largest aid recipient next to India. Not a few countries would envy
such a turnaround.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Inc.


                             680 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                                 July 11, 1994

AIDS service needs 'buddies'

BYLINE: By ALISON WISEMAN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 313 words


AN expected rise in the number of AIDS cases could leave one of Hong Kong's
biggest support groups short of volunteers.

The spokesman for AIDS Concern, Sister Maureen McGinley, said the organisation
was trying to expand its ''buddy service'' to prepare for a rise in the number
of people with full-blown AIDS.

At the moment there are only 38 people recorded as having AIDS in the territory.
Sixty-seven people have died from AIDS-related illnesses.

But statistics show the figure is likely to increase dramatically as more people
with HIV reach the stage where they have a greater chance of developing AIDS.

Sister McGinley said: ''A large number of people with HIV may not need our help
at the moment but more people are likely to develop AIDS soon and we need to
have the volunteers ready and waiting for them.

''There is going to be a tremendous increase in AIDS cases globally and Hong
Kong is not going to be exempt.''

It is also generally accepted that the number of people infected with HIV in the
territory - 450 - is grossly under-recorded and that the figure is likely to be
at least 7,000.

AIDS Concern said it also knew of people with AIDS who were not included in the
Government's figures.

Sister McGinley added: ''We are trying to increase our volunteer services but we
must also keep up the quality of training and support for the volunteers
themselves.''

At the moment AIDS Concern has 36 volunteers in its ''buddy service'' which
links a volunteer with a client to provide one-on-one personal support for
people with HIV and AIDS.

Sister McGinley said: ''Some people with HIV and AIDS cannot share what they are
going through with friends or family but they still want support.''

AIDS Concern is particularly looking for people who are available during the day
and offers training programmes for those who want to become buddies.


LOAD-DATE: July 12, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1994 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                             681 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Daily Mail (London)

                             April 5, 1993, Monday

AIDS, THE MYTHS AND MARTYRDOM;
PROFESSOR EMERITUS OF PUBLIC HEALTH AT GLASGOW UNIVERSITY AND A FORMER W HEALTH
ORGANISATION ADVISER ON AIDS.

BYLINE: Gordon Stewart

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 2267 words


THE admission by Kenny Everett yesterday that he has the HIV virus is a tragedy.
The disc jockey and comedian adds another distinguished name to the long litany
of all those, whether obscure or famous, whose lives have been blighted by the
20th century's most sinister incurable disease.

But it would be a double tragedy if the addition of another celebrity victim to
the list of those who have already been elevated to martyrdom - Rudolf Nureyev,
Rock Hudson, Freddie Mercury, Denholm Elliott - prevented a cold, hard look
being taken at how much we are spending on AIDS in this country.

In the past decade £700million has been spent on AIDS research in Britain alone.
Much of it, in my view, has been misspent on misleading propaganda and on
misdirected research. For the harsh truth is that the disease is still,
mercifully, comparatively rare.

It is quite possible to chart how the national hysteria gathered momentum and
the AIDS myths grew. In 1982 we were assailed by predictions of a full-scale
epidemic in this country within a decade.

By 1988 the Government had convened a committee which was predicting that, by
1992, there could be up to 40,000 cases in Britain - although it was admitted
there were wide margins even to this prediction.

So what has happened to this 'epidemic'? It appears to have evaporated into thin
air. Having read the Government's prediction ten years ago, I made my own
estimate of about 6,500 cases in total from 1982 to 1992. This is very close to
the real total of about 7,000 cases to date.

To understand how the myths evolved we must look across the Atlantic. It first
appeared in the United States among male homosexuals with multiple partners and
drug addicts, particularly those exchanging needles.

Later it was noted that haemophiliacs who had received the blood-clotting agent
Factor 8 were also vulnerable. The Factor 8 had, it emerged, been prepared from
infected blood.

There were, then, quite legitimate fears that AIDS would spread to the
heterosexual community through drug abuse and via bisexual men.

These fears have simply not been realised. The alarm was based on the
misapprehension that AIDS was infectious. People thought that, as with other
sexually-transmitted diseases, its spread through the heterosexual population
would be inevitable.

But the facts have refuted this. For too long, AIDS research and treatment have
been based on a hypothesis which, for years, I have tried to quash.

The truth is that AIDS itself is not infectious. It is the virus known as HIV
that can be passed from person to person through blood contact.

Many people believe that the cause of AIDS is solely HIV. But it is not.  One of
the causes of AIDS is HIV. But the onset of AIDS is hugely encouraged by high
risk behaviour - by which I mean promiscuous homosexual behaviour or aberrant
sex or drug taking - among people with HIV.

If they avoided this behaviour HIV patients would not invariably get AIDS and
they would certainly live for much longer.

In the Seventies, in my work with drug abusers, I witnessed the background
against which AIDS developed in America. At the time the gay lib movement was
gaining momentum. Promiscuous sex, sex by any route was the order of the day.

The scene was set for something terrible to happen. It did. It was called AIDS.
And the sexual conditions were ripe for its transmission.

In 1980 there were six cases in America and two years later the first cases were
diagnosed in Britain. By 1984 the highly-destructive HIV virus had been
identified and the assumption was made that AIDS was caused by the virus alone
and would, therefore, be spread by promiscuity. If true, AIDS

would have spread through the heterosexual population like wildfire. It has not.

Health authority propaganda at virtually every level has promulgated the
mischievous misconception that HIV inevitably leads to full-blown AIDS and to
death.

Thanks to this misconception, the vast AIDS engine has continued to run, fuelled
by huge cash resources. Billions have been spent - and still are being spent -
on finding a drug or vaccine.

The medical establishment prescribed the anti-viral drug AZT in the mistaken
belief that it would delay the onset of AIDS. Now the results of tests begun in
1988, and published last week, show that AZT has no effect in preventing AIDS,
although I concede that it might have been a powerful panacea in certain cases.

So the false hypothesis has been: if we control HIV we control AIDS. And that
has been the message - largely unheeded I must add - behind the safe sex
campaign.

I recognise that HIV does play some part in AIDS. It certainly may help the body
to reject its defensive cells, thereby aggravating the reaction in which the
body starts to destroy its own immunity.

But promiscuous homosexual intercourse per se can lead to a similar state. That
is why people who indulge in it are highly disposed to the disease.

My theories are more direct and less politically correct than those disseminated
by the health authorities. I do not believe that condoms are the answer.

My message is simpler and more fundamental: that homosexual sex with frequent
partners and irresponsible sexual behaviour are the primary routes to AIDS -
homosexuals who remain faithful to their partners are at no greater risk than
heterosexuals who do the same - and that drugs are a secondary route.

Running alongside this plethora of misinformation and myth about AIDS, there has
also been the disturbing glamorising of the disease. AIDS has been hijacked by
activists and pressure groups.

Every time an avowedly homosexual or bisexual rock or film star dies of the
disease he is elevated to martyr and hero.

Yet it is an unpalatable and unpopular fact, seldom articulated, that those who
die of AIDS have, like the smokers who die of lung cancer or heart disease,
facilitated their own death. In spite of this, governments, charities, drug
companies and research agencies continue to plough millions into the AIDS
machine.

Funds for AIDS research should be allocated in direct proportion to its
frequency or infrequency. No more and no less.

It is preposterous that we spend ten times more on this disease than we do on
cancer when there are only 7,000 cases of it in this country. Absurd, too, that
while other diseases compete for a share of health budgets, the funds for AIDS
are 'ring-fenced' - by which I mean allocated specifically and only for AIDS.

So we have a ludicrous scenario: 70 per cent of AIDS cases in Britain are in
London. There are none, or hardly any, in Northern Ireland, parts of Wales, the
Western Isles of Scotland, Orkneys and Shetlands and some areas of rural
England, yet all these areas have their allotted AIDS budgets to be used for
nothing else.

Like cancer and heart disease, AIDS should be judged and funded by the number of
bed days and amount of medical and nursing care required to treat those
suffering from it.

Of course, we must have compassion for the victims, but we should not afford
them such unjustified priority.

We should take the sentimentality out of AIDS and recognise that the disease is,
with a few exceptional cases, directly caused by the behaviour of the victim. If
we do that, it would be better for all concerned.

(Drug

addicts

(Scene

setting

(Simple

message

(Victim's

behaviour

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC:  ROCK HUDSON Died October 2, 1985 RUDOLPH NUREYEV Died January 6, 1993
FREDDIE MERCURY Died November 24, 1991

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 1993 Associated Newspapers Ltd.


                             682 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Daily Mail (London)

                             April 5, 1993, Monday

AIDS, THE MYTHS AND MARTYRDOM;
PROFESSOR EMERITUS OF PUBLIC HEALTH AT GLASGOW UNIVERSITY AND A FORMER W HEALTH
ORGANISATION ADVISER ON AIDS.

BYLINE: Gordon Stewart

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1245 words


THE admission by Kenny Everett yesterday that he has the HIV virus is a tragedy.
The disc jockey and comedian adds another distinguished name to the long litany
of all those, whether obscure or famous, whose lives have been blighted by the
20th century's most sinister incurable disease.

But it would be a double tragedy if the addition of another celebrity victim to
the list of those who have already been elevated to martyrdom - Rudolf Nureyev,
Rock Hudson, Freddie Mercury, Denholm Elliott - prevented a cold, hard look
being taken at how much we are spending on AIDS in this country.

In the past decade £700million has been spent on AIDS research in Britain alone.
Much of it, in my view, has been misspent on misleading propaganda and on
misdirected research. For the harsh truth is that the disease is still,
mercifully, comparatively rare.

It is quite possible to chart how the national hysteria gathered momentum and
the AIDS myths grew. In 1982 we were assailed by predictions of a full-scale
epidemic in this country within a decade.

By 1988 the Government had convened a committee which was predicting that, by
1992, there could be up to 40,000 cases in Britain - although it was admitted
there were wide margins even to this prediction.

So what has happened to this 'epidemic'? It appears to have evaporated into thin
air. Having read the Government's prediction ten years ago, I made my own
estimate of about 6,500 cases in total from 1982 to 1992. This is very close to
the real total of about 7,000 cases to date.

To understand how the myths evolved we must look across the Atlantic. It first
appeared in the United States among male homosexuals with multiple partners and
drug addicts, particularly those exchanging needles.

Later it was noted that haemophiliacs who had received the blood-clotting agent
Factor 8 were also vulnerable. The Factor 8 had, it emerged, been prepared from
infected blood.

There were, then, quite legitimate fears that AIDS would spread to the
heterosexual community through drug abuse and via bisexual men.

These fears have simply not been realised. The alarm was based on the
misapprehension that AIDS was infectious. People thought that, as with other
sexually-transmitted diseases, its spread through the heterosexual population
would be inevitable.

But the facts have refuted this. For too long, AIDS research and treatment have
been based on a hypothesis which, for years, I have tried to quash.

The truth is that AIDS itself is not infectious. It is the virus known as HIV
that can be passed from person to person through blood contact.

Many people believe that the cause of AIDS is solely HIV. But it is not.  One of
the causes of AIDS is HIV. But the onset of AIDS is hugely encouraged by high
risk behaviour - by which I mean promiscuous homosexual behaviour or aberrant
sex or drug taking - among people with HIV.

If they avoided this behaviour HIV patients would not invariably get AIDS and
they would certainly live for much longer.

In the Seventies, in my work with drug abusers, I witnessed the background
against which AIDS developed in America. At the time the gay lib movement was
gaining momentum. Promiscuous sex, sex by any route was the order of the day.

The scene was set for something terrible to happen. It did. It was called AIDS.
And the sexual conditions were ripe for its transmission.

In 1980 there were six cases in America and two years later the first cases were
diagnosed in Britain. By 1984 the highly-destructive HIV virus had been
identified and the assumption was made that AIDS was caused by the virus alone
and would, therefore, be spread by promiscuity. If true, AIDS

would have spread through the heterosexual population like wildfire. It has not.

Health authority propaganda at virtually every level has promulgated the
mischievous misconception that HIV inevitably leads to full-blown AIDS and to
death.

Thanks to this misconception, the vast AIDS engine has continued to run, fuelled
by huge cash resources. Billions have been spent - and still are being spent -
on finding a drug or vaccine.

The medical establishment prescribed the anti-viral drug AZT in the mistaken
belief that it would delay the onset of AIDS. Now the results of tests begun in
1988, and published last week, show that AZT has no effect in preventing AIDS,
although I concede that it might have been a powerful panacea in certain cases.

So the false hypothesis has been: if we control HIV we control AIDS. And that
has been the message - largely unheeded I must add - behind the safe sex
campaign.

I recognise that HIV does play some part in AIDS. It certainly may help the body
to reject its defensive cells, thereby aggravating the reaction in which the
body starts to destroy its own immunity.

But promiscuous homosexual intercourse per se can lead to a similar state. That
is why people who indulge in it are highly disposed to the disease.

My theories are more direct and less politically correct than those disseminated
by the health authorities. I do not believe that condoms are the answer.

My message is simpler and more fundamental: that homosexual sex with frequent
partners and irresponsible sexual behaviour are the primary routes to AIDS -
homosexuals who remain faithful to their partners are at no greater risk than
heterosexuals who do the same - and that drugs are a secondary route.

Running alongside this plethora of misinformation and myth about AIDS, there has
also been the disturbing glamorising of the disease. AIDS has been hijacked by
activists and pressure groups.

Every time an avowedly homosexual or bisexual rock or film star dies of the
disease he is elevated to martyr and hero.

Yet it is an unpalatable and unpopular fact, seldom articulated, that those who
die of AIDS have, like the smokers who die of lung cancer or heart disease,
facilitated their own death. In spite of this, governments, charities, drug
companies and research agencies continue to plough millions into the AIDS
machine.

Funds for AIDS research should be allocated in direct proportion to its
frequency or infrequency. No more and no less.

It is preposterous that we spend ten times more on this disease than we do on
cancer when there are only 7,000 cases of it in this country. Absurd, too, that
while other diseases compete for a share of health budgets, the funds for AIDS
are 'ring-fenced' - by which I mean allocated specifically and only for AIDS.

So we have a ludicrous scenario: 70 per cent of AIDS cases in Britain are in
London. There are none, or hardly any, in Northern Ireland, parts of Wales, the
Western Isles of Scotland, Orkneys and Shetlands and some areas of rural
England, yet all these areas have their allotted AIDS budgets to be used for
nothing else.

Like cancer and heart disease, AIDS should be judged and funded by the number of
bed days and amount of medical and nursing care required to treat those
suffering from it.

Of course, we must have compassion for the victims, but we should not afford
them such unjustified priority.

We should take the sentimentality out of AIDS and recognise that the disease is,
with a few exceptional cases, directly caused by the behaviour of the victim. If
we do that, it would be better for all concerned.

(Drug

addicts

(Scene

setting

(Simple

message

(Victim's

behaviour

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC:  ROCK HUDSON Died October 2, 1985 RUDOLPH NUREYEV Died January 6, 1993
FREDDIE MERCURY Died November 24, 1991

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 1993 Associated Newspapers Ltd.


                             683 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 23, 1991, Sunday, Final Edition

The Paradox of AIDS Politics: Equity for a 'Special' Disease;
2 Contrary Attitudes Emerge at International Meeting on Epidemic

Malcolm Gladwell, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A10

LENGTH: 1002 words

DATELINE: FLORENCE


Two distinctly contrary attitudes toward AIDS emerged at the international
conference here last week. The outcome of their clash could shape the way the
world deals with the decade-old epidemic.

At a special session at the International AIDS Conference, for example, many of
the world's leading AIDS experts and officials rose to complain about how U.S.
immigration policy unfairly treats people infected with HIV, the virus that
causes AIDS.

The Bush administration says it continues to keep HIV-infected immigrants out of
the United States because of the financial burden they could pose to the
country's health care system. Yet no action has ever been taken against those
with other chronic diseases such as cancer or heart disease, which can be just
as expensive to treat as AIDS.

"It is terribly important for us to fight the false message that there is
something special about HIV," said June Osborne, who chairs the U.S. National
Commission on AIDS.

Even as she spoke, however, precisely the opposite point was being made at
scientific sessions across the conference center plaza. As a deadly communicable
disease, as a worldwide epidemic, as a particularly baffling scientific puzzle,
AIDS is something special, researchers and activists repeatedly argued, a
disease so dangerous that it should command a large share of the medical and
scientific community's time and money.

The conference itself stands as testimony to the unique status that the AIDS
community has carved out for its cause. For no other disease is it deemed
necessary for so many people from so many disparate disciplines and countries to
gather in one place to map out a coordinated strategy of treatment and
prevention.

For many researchers and public health officials, these two, contradictory
messages are an unavoidable consequence of an epidemic as large, as varied and
as persistent as AIDS. But they concede that simultaneously maintaining that
AIDS both is and is not a special disease spells trouble.

Having told the public for years that AIDS was such a threat that it demanded
changes in fundamental human behavior, many of them wonder whether it is now too
late to turn around and tell the world that AIDS poses no special risk in the
health care setting or from immigrants. And if AIDS really does become just like
any other disease, how will it be possible to maintain its privileged political
status as the medical condition on which more is spent per capita than any other
in U.S. history?

"It is a paradox," said Centers for Disease Control epidemiologist Harold Jaffe.

"I think it may be asking a lot of the public to follow this reasoning," said
Jean McGuire, former head of the AIDS Action Council in Washington and now a
fellow at Brandeis University.

The immigration question was the most pressing political issue at last week's
conference. AIDS activists argue that it is unfair to single out HIV-infected
immigrants for restrictions when they pose no increased risk to Americans and
their care would become no more of a public burden than that for any other
serious illness.

One study presented at the conference, for example, found that the 484
HIV-infected immigrants admitted to Canada in 1988 will run up an estimated $
18.5 million in HIV-related health care costs over the rest of their lives. But,
like the United States, Canada doesn't screen out immigrants with coronary heart
disease, and the estimated 2,558 people admitted with that problem will cost the
country about $ 23.2 million.

The same case is made by the AIDS community over the issue of whether to
restrict the activities of HIV-infected health care workers. Here the argument
is that the danger to patients is far from exceptional and in fact is on a par
with a number of other routinely accepted risks. Another study presented at the
meeting here found that the risk of a patient acquiring the AIDS virus from a
surgeon is about one in 11.1 million operations, a probability that the authors
dryly concluded "closely resembles the risk of a vehicular fatality during
transportation to and from the hospital."

But in both debates members of the AIDS community freely admit their cause is
losing ground. Ironically, they say, they are victims in part of their own
success in convincing the world that AIDS is a special disease requiring
extraordinary measures.

In requesting that the United States continue its ban on HIV immigration, for
instance, opponents have simply extended the logic of the AIDS activists
themselves: If treating HIV is really as costly as AIDS groups say it is, why
does it make sense to let people with the virus into the country? And if people
are told to take steps to limit their risks of acquiring HIV in their personal
lives, why shouldn't they also be allowed to limit their risks when they go the
doctor?

"It isn't just liberals that are playing this game. It's both sides," said
McGuire. "When conservatives want to be punitive, AIDS is special, and when they
want to be penurious, it's like any other disease."

At the same time, activists say the basis for their claim that AIDS deserves
special consideration seems to be eroding in other respects as well.

"When you look at the social forces now in place, the 'ghettoization' of the
disease, the fact most Americans no longer feel threatened and the new
therapies, they all suggest that the capacity to view AIDS as completely
different is no longer sustainable," said Ronald Bayer, professor of public
health at Columbia University.

"I think what pushed support for AIDS in the beginning was this fear that the
epidemic would truly spread beyond marginalized groups and affect everyone,"
said Jeff Levi, director of government affairs for the AIDS Action Council. "One
of the difficulties we are having to face now though is that while no one
disbelieves our claim that this is an epidemic, it is not an epidemic happening
to ordinary Americans. . . . If AIDS is exceptional now, it is exceptional in
exactly the wrong way."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS, FOREIGN NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                             684 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    July 2, 1990, MONDAY, THREE STAR Edition

FOREIGN AID BUDGET STUCK IN A TIME WARP ... DOMESTIC POLITICS DRIVES DECISIONS;
IN POST-COLD WAR ERA

BYLINE: Thomas Omestad

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 1414 words


Presidents George Bush and Mikhail Gorbachev may have declared an end to the
Cold War, but the administration and Congress apparently haven't heard the news
when it comes to foreign aid.  The proposed Bush foreign aid budget for 1991
would continue to give two-thirds of U.S. aid to just five Cold War allies:
Israel, $3 billion; Egypt, $2.3 billion; the Philippines, $650 million; Turkey,
$598 million; and Pakistan, $565 million. El Salvador would get $375 million and
Greece $346 million. Moreover, about 60 percent of the $14.8 billion aid budget
would go toward military or military-related assistance.  Over four decades,
America poured hundreds of billions of dollars into defending Western Europe.
Now, when the policy is yielding dramatic successes, the Bush administration
grudgingly offers up, by comparison, pocket change to consolidate those changes.
Just $300 million is to be divided next year among six Eastern European
countries that have broken with communism and are struggling toward mixed
economies and elected governments - Poland, Hungary, Czechoslovakia, Romania,
Bulgaria and Yugoslavia. That amounts to four-tenths of 1 percent of what
America spent in the Marshall Plan to shore up a devastated Europe after World
War II. The task now - to encourage economic growth and political pluralism - is
no less important to stabilizing Europe over the long run.  Similarly, with
major policy aims achieved in Central America, Washington seems reluctant to
finish the job. Congress cut Bush's already inadequate funding requests to boost
new, pro-U.S. democracies there. Other impoverished countries virtually drop out
of the foreign aid budget altogether. Bush's aid request for all 47 countries of
sub-Saharan Africa, for instance, comes to only $811 million.  Why is foreign
aid still frozen in the Cold War? One reason is that the small club of favored
states enjoys influential domestic lobbies and important friends on Capitol
Hill, in the administration and within the foreign policy establishment. Aid
decisions are dictated by domestic political preferences and congressional
logrolling, not by the changing demands of foreign policy.  Another reason lies
in the administration's hesitation in adapting assistance to the end of the Cold
War. Bush's aid requests for next year are almost identical to last year's; they
reflect a reading of international trends taken before last fall's revolutions
in Eastern Europe. The Cold War's end casts doubt on the rationale for many
foreign aid programs. And, in some cases, it lays bare the unintended
consequences of foreign aid: The administration wants $1.1 billion in security
assistance for NATO allies Turkey, Greece, and Portugal, but these payments are
in essence rent for military bases intended to counter a collapsed Warsaw Pact.
Aid to Pakistan is based on that country's support for anti-communist Afghan
rebels. But the Soviet Union has pulled its troops out of Afghanistan.  In El
Salvador, $1 million a day in U.S. aid has done little to promote fundamental
economic reforms and justice in a deeply unjust society. In fact, it is propping
up a regime that is beholden to a military involved in political killings and
torture.  Aid to Israel is intended to bolster an ally in the Cold War. Instead,
it has become a crutch for a government unwilling to accept serious peace talks.
U.S. foreign aid may in effect be subsidizing Israeli intransigence.  Of course,
it is far easier to recognize the need for changing foreign aid priorities than
it is to make the changes. Earlier this year Kansas Sen.  Bob Dole proposed
paring aid to the top five recipients by 5 percent in order to raise funds for
new democracies. The pro-Israel lobby mobilized three-fourths of the Senate to
oppose the plan.  Dole's ad hoc approach to foreign aid was conceptually flawed
and politically ill-advised. Yet its failure highlighted the need to reconsider
U.S. aid from the ground up. The Bush administration and Congress should
commence a zero-based review of foreign assistance. Only a joint
presidential-congressional review can provide the political cover both sides
need as they reorient U.S. aid to the post-Cold War world.  The broad outlines
of an executive-congressional understanding are clear.  First, a foreign aid
review cannot succeed if it begins by assuming aid cuts to specific countries.
Still, a reassessment of U.S. aid as the Soviet threat rapidly declines
certainly means that Cold War allies will become relatively less important in
foreign aid.  Second, any additional foreign aid money will have to come out of
defense spending and savings from existing assistance programs. There is no
support among the American public or within Congress for docking domestic
programs in order to pay for additional foreign aid.  Finally, Congress will
need to curb its earmarking of aid to specific countries, permitting greater
presidential flexibility in responding to new needs.  Just when foreign aid can
make a greater difference than it has for decades, it remains the captive of
parochial interests and anachronistic views of international affairs. Only a
congressional-presidential agreement on promoting democracy where it is at risk
can pull U.S. foreign aid out of the Cold War.  Thomas Omestad is associate
editor of Foreign Policy, a quarterly journal.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             685 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                              June 25, 1990 Monday

DOCTORS BAN AIDS VICTIMS

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: LEHMANN J / MCDONNELL D

LENGTH: 585 words


Doctors ban AIDS victims Attitudes "like racial prejudice' By JOHN LEHMANN and
DAN McDONNELL SOME Queensland doctors are refusing to treat AIDS victims. The
Queensland AIDS Council president, Mr Bill Rutkin, said yesterday: ""We see
discrimination and prejudice from doctors and other people every day . . . it's
like a racial prejudice." The Queensland president of the Australian Medical
Association, Dr Duncan Robertson, confirmed doctors were turning away some AIDS
victims. Dr Robertson said there was great apprehension and trepidation within
the medical industry. ""Some doctors don't treat it. They feel it's too big a
problem . . . that it's beyond their capabilities to give support," he said. Mr
Rutkin said: ""Some doctors don't want to know. They are poorly informed. Some
don't know as much as the average person." He said pharmacists had also refused
to provide medication to AIDS victims. The comments follow the release of a
survey of 900 University of Queensland medical students which revealed the
students had an overwhelming ignorance of AIDS and a reluctance to treat it. The
survey results were presented yesterday to the Sixth International Conference on
AIDS in San Francisco. Dr Robertson said some doctors did not keep abreast of
international developments in AIDS research. He said the State Government should
hand responsibility for AIDS awareness campaigns and treatment to medical
authorities rather than community groups like the Queensland AIDS Council. A
spokesman for the Health Minister, Mr McElligott, declined to comment. About 930
Queenslanders are known to be infected with the AIDS virus but experts believe
the toll is in its thousands. The findings of the survey of University of
Queensland medical students were detailed at the AIDS conference. Dr Malcolm
McCamish, who headed the research project, told the conference he was disturbed
to find many medical students were fearful and reluctant to treat AIDS
sufferers. He said the strong negative feeling towards AIDS in the general
community was reflected among students and doctors. ""Medical students and
doctors alike regard AIDS patients as more responsible for their illnesses than
patients with other diseases," he said. ""They are more likely to distance
themselves from AIDS patients despite the scientific knowledge the HIV is not
casually contagious." He said he believed medical students were ""significantly
less comfortable" in dealing with AIDS than other diseases because of its
connection with homosexuality. Dr McCamish found the majority of students
answered correctly most questions on AIDS transmission. But he said there was
less knowledge and more uncertainty about unproven ways of transmitting the
virus such as touching, mosquito bites and food preparation. He said 40 percent
of the students showed they were under the false impression that a patient who
tested positive for AIDS antibodies had already contracted the full AIDS disease
and would die within five years. The reality was that they were simply infected
with the virus and might not be sick at all. Dr McCamish said the major
misconceptions extended to students in later years of study. He said the lack of
knowledge could be rectified but attitudes to patients with AIDS and homosexuals
would be difficult to change. The dean of the faculty of medicine at the
University of Queensland, Professor John Biggs, said the university was
constantly modifying teachings on the AIDS virus to keep abreast of world
developments.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1990 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             686 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    June 20, 1990, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

DEBATE;
End discrimination in the AIDS fight

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 536 words


AIDS discrimination is an infectious disease. It thrives on ignorance, and fear
can spread it like wildfire.

Sorry to say, there's no shortage of fear or ignorance.

This week, the American Civil Liberties Union reported on 13,000 AIDS
discrimination complaints filed between 1983 and 1988, a number that grew 35%
faster than the number of newly diagnosed AIDS cases.

National policies that discriminate against AIDS sufferers are the target of
angry demonstrations at this week's Sixth Annual Conference on AIDS in San
Francisco.

The discrimination disease infects parents, who think they can protect their
families by keeping all AIDS-afflicted youngsters out of school.

The disease infects doctors and dentists, who think they protect themselves by
refusing to treat AIDS victims.

The disease infects policymakers, who think they can protect society by keeping
out foreigners who are HIV-positive. Now, the only way they can come here is on
a temporary, 10-day waiver designed for the AIDS conference.

Discrimination erupts among restaurant owners, who cater to patrons' fears about
AIDS-infected food. It erupts among bosses, who fire AIDS victims on flimsy
excuses.

Like the writer across the page, defenders of discrimination commit dangerous
acts in the name of safety. Acts that will drive AIDS underground.

The best weapons against AIDS are more research and more open minds and hearts.

Compassion can lead AIDS sufferers to seek testing, counseling and treatment.
That makes the disease less dangerous to them and safer for the public health.

Education about the real risks of getting AIDS has helped the epidemic's rate of
increase level off.

A decade ago, we knew almost nothing about AIDS. We still know too little, but
we've learned a lot.

We've learned that AIDS is incredibly difficult to get. It takes sexual contact,
contaminated needles, infected blood, or transmission from mother to newborn.

We've learned that handling food, or treating patients, or sharing office space
won't transmit the disease.

We've learned that keeping people out of the country does nothing to improve the
national health and does a great deal to damage our international reputation.

That policy has been roundly condemned by International Planned Parenthood, the
League of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies, the World Health Organization,
and about 100 organizations boycotting the AIDS conference.

Public Health Service officials are convinced that HIV infection should not bar
someone from entering the country. They now know the risk of casual transmission
is minute, but it will be tough to convince a fear-riddled public.

Exposing myths about AIDS has helped save us from making some dumb political
mistakes.

With more education, we can correct some of the dumb mistakes we've already
made.

AIDS discrimination must stop. It robs us of resources in the life-and- death
battle against the AIDS virus.

The country's call to arms should be: Fight the disease, not the diseased.

TEXT OF CARTOON
''I never thought I'd see the day when I would yearn for those good ol' customs
and immigration checks.''

Corky Trinidad's cartoons appear regularly in The Honolulu Star-Bulletin

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CARTOON; b/w, Corky Trinidad (Drawing, AIDs Testing at airport)

TYPE: Opinion

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                             687 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    September 12, 1988, Monday, City Edition

Refusing to give in to AIDS // Patients are living longer and more productively

BYLINE: ROBERT RICKLEFS

SECTION: FLORIDIAN; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 2123 words



Reprinted with permission from the Wall Street Journal.

 1988 Dow Jones & Co. Inc. All rights reserved.

     Last year, Adrian Kellard lost 30 pounds, spent two weeks in a    hospital
- and learned he had AIDS.

     But since then, the 29-year-old sculptor hasn't laid eyes on a    sickbed.
Relying on the drugs now used to treat AIDS, he continues his    art work full
time. To supplement his income, he spends one day a week    making salads in a
restaurant. He has enough energy left over to lift    weights in a gym.

     "AIDS is very different from what I expected," says the husky New
Yorker, who has regained the weight he lost. "I don't even feel    sick."

     As Kellard's experience suggests, many people with AIDS are living    - and
staying active - longer than once seemed possible. For patients,    that can
mean hope of surviving long enough to see a cure. For society,    the improving
prospects of AIDS patients mean living more closely with    AIDS than ever
before. Quite often now, AIDS isn't the gaunt young man    dying in a hospital.
It is the guy you work with sitting next to you at    lunch.

 Returning to work

   "We find very close to 100 percent of employees with AIDS now    returning to
work after diagnosis," says Robert N. Beck, an executive    vice president of
Bank of America in San Francisco, a unit of    BankAmerica Corp. Four or five
years ago, only 20 percent or 30 percent    ever saw their desks again, he says.


     While comprehensive national figures don't exist, it is clear that
people are living longer with AIDS.

     In San Francisco, one of the cities hit hardest by the disease, the
median survival period after diagnosis has increased to 15 months from    the 10
months or so it was through 1985, says George Lemp, who heads    the AIDS
surveillance branch of the San Francisco Public Health    Department. As of last
year, 26 percent to 28 percent of the city's    AIDS patients were surviving two
years or more, up from 14 percent in    1985. A study of New York patients
concluded that more than 15 percent    would survive five years, and some
already have lived longer than that.

     Many patients still die relatively quickly. And some doctors    speculate
that earlier diagnosis in certain instances can make it seem    that patients
are living longer. But physicians agree that the drug    AZT, introduced as an
AIDS treatment early last year and currently    taken by 20,000 patients
throughout the world, is prolonging lives.

 Other drugs are improving the treatment and prevention of specific    ailments
associated with AIDS, especially pneumocystis carinii    pneumonia, or PCP, the
biggest killer. Among PCP patients in the New    York study, the chances of
surviving for one year after the onset of    AIDS increased from 18.2 percent
for those diagnosed in 1981 to 48.5    percent for those diagnosed in 1985.

 Preparing to live

   "When people were diagnosed two years ago, they prepared themselves    for
death," says Lewis Katoff, the director of client services at the    Gay Men's
Health Crisis in New York. "Now they're preparing to live    with AIDS."

     At present, longer survival may simply postpone debilitation and
terminal suffering. But patients hope that medical advances will turn    AIDS
into a manageable disease like diabetes. Their goal is to become    chronically
ill.        Nick Pippin is one of the AIDS patients who is staying active years
    after diagnosis, and who feels that this is the most constructive time    of
his life. As a freckle-faced all-American-boy type, Pippin once    earned as
much as $ 60,000 a year acting in commercials for Stove Top    Stuffing and
Nathan's Famous hot dogs. But three years ago, he fell    ill. And he says he
was told he would die within 18 months.

      "I was frantically living with issues of death. Then came anger    and
depression," he says. "And after all this sturm and drang, you    are left
watching reruns of I Love Lucy. You wonder, what do I do    now?"

 Depicting AIDS

   Pippin's answer was to start an acting group, the People With AIDS    Theater
Workshop, whose members all have AIDS. When Pippin was    hospitalized at New
York University Medical Center, he found space in    the hospital to continue
rehearsals. With a blend of serious and    sardonic skits, the group aims to
show audiences what AIDS is like in    daily life. The company has performed in
schools, churches and a New    York cabaret.

     The 33-year-old Pippin must struggle with his company's financial    needs
and his own AIDS-related conditions: chronic bronchitis, anemia,    arthritis so
severe that he needs a wheelchair and a loss of peripheral    vision that may
lead to blindness. But, he says, "This project has    kept me going. My life is
worthwhile because of it."

     The treatments that have made it possible for Pippin to live and    work
and look forward to the future are having their effect on U.S.    employers,
too. Besides keeping patients in the work force longer, the    treatments are
lowering the medical costs of AIDS - at least for the    time being. Three years
ago, studies of early patients estimated the    medical cost of an AIDS case
(from diagnosis to death) could run as    high as $ 147,000. In a new government
study, costs have declined to    about $ 57,000.

     Shorter hospital stays, better medicines and the aggressive use of    home
care all have reduced the bill for some employers even more,    especially in
the West. Bank of America says its lifetime medical costs    per AIDS case
plunged to $ 17,000 in 1986 from twice that figure the    previous year.

     But improved treatments are also dealing a financial wild card.

 Given the widespread use of AZT since early last year, Bank of    America's
per-case figure rose for 1987 to $ 25,000. (The drug currently    costs a
patient about $ 8,000 a year.) With new drugs and treatments    available to
stave off death, patients eventually may live for many    years - at what dollar
cost nobody can estimate. "We expect costs to    continue to rise," says Bank of
America's Beck. "This is one of those    uncontrollable things."

     As AIDS patients live longer, they are more in evidence in the work
place, Nathaniel H. Pier, a New York physician, says 60 percent to 70    percent
of his AIDS patients are still at work a year after diagnosis,    compared with
20 percent two years ago.

     Even more AIDS patients are on the job than their co-workers    imagine.
Unsure of how his colleagues would react, a broker at a large    New York
securities firm says he has kept his illness a secret from    colleagues for a
year and a half. A New York marketing consultant says    he sometimes discloses
his illness to clients he knows well - but only    after he sounds them out.

 Working till the end

   Some patients, such as a New York salesman, are driven to keep    working.
"In the examination room, he was one big Kaposi's Sarcoma    lesion," says the
salesman's doctor, Peter Z. Seitzman, referring to    the purple skin lesions
formed by the AIDS-related skin cancer. "He    had his whole face covered with
makeup (to cover the lesions), and he    had lost a lot of his hair." Yet the
salesman continued working until    three days before he died, Seitzman says.

     Leon Washington, a New York chef, adds: "If I hadn't gone back to    work,
I wouldn't be (alive) today." Diagnosed two years ago,    Washington says he
spent three months in a hospital and stayed off the    job a year. "I felt I had
become a burden to my friends. I would go a    whole week without talking to
anybody," he says. "I thought about    death constantly. A lot of times, I was
afraid to go to sleep for fear    I wouldn't wake up."        But with AZT and
other drugs, Washington says, he gained strength    and "got bored staying at
home." Besides his full-time job    supervising a meal program for AIDS
patients, he now does volunteer    work for the AIDS programs of two churches;
he swims and rides horses.    "The harder you fight, the better your chances,"
he contends.

     Many who have to quit full-time jobs still try to keep their hands    in. A
year after he contracted AIDS in 1985, physician Barry Gingell    gave up his
medical practice for lack of energy. Now Gingell works as    part-time director
of medical information for the Gay Men's Health    Crisis, editing a
medical-treatment newsletter. (The association has    several AIDS patients on
its staff of nearly 100.) So as not to    dissipate his energy commuting,
Gingell often works at home on his    computer. "Those who keep working seem to
do better," he says.

     Having observed the therapeutic value of work in treating AIDS, two    New
York University Medical Center physicians recently founded an    organization,
Multitasking Systems Inc., that plans to employ AIDS    patients to perform
office copying and desk-top publishing services.

     Workers with AIDS still must deal with widespread discrimination    and
fearful colleagues. At a wholesale flower business in New York, a    florist who
had contracted AIDS suddenly found his workbench moved to    the end of the
room, away from his co-workers.

     After enduring that indignity for several days, the florist lost    his
temper and smashed a flowerpot against the wall, says Leon J.    Warshaw, the
executive director of the New York Business Group on    Health, an employer
group. The next day, the man's bench was moved back    where it belonged.

     As more AIDS patients seek to go on working, many companies are    trying
to adapt. For starters, they are less inclined than employers    were in the
first years of the AIDS epidemic to rid themselves of AIDS    patients by
putting them on disability right away and pushing them out    the door, says
B.J. Stiles, the president of the National Leadership    Coalition on AIDS in
Washington.

     To keep those flowerpots from flying, companies more and more try    to
prepare employees for working with AIDS patients. Digital Equipment    Corp. in
Maynard, Mass., has a man running its AIDS efforts full time.

 The computer maker offers managers a day or half a day of AIDS    education,
which often includes question-and-answer sessions with AIDS    patients.

 Educating employees

   More typically, Morgan Guaranty Trust Co., in New York, has a    one-hour
education program to assure employees that AIDS isn't casually    transmissible,
says William J. Schneider, the company's health services    director. Like Bank
of America and many other companies, Morgan    Guaranty, a unit of J.P. Morgan &
Co., also restructures jobs and    working hours to help employees with AIDS
continue to work as long as    they feel able to.

     Levi Strauss & Co. in San Francisco often provides individual and    group
counseling to help employees deal with co-workers returning from    the hospital
with AIDS. "People wonder what to say and what to do,"    says Yvonne
Ellison-Sandler, the clothing maker's director of employee    assistance. "AIDS
raises all kinds of issues about one's own death,"    she adds.

     Employers say anxiety about working with AIDS patients has    diminished,
particularly where workers have had direct experience with    the disease.
Jacqueline Taeschler is an associate manager of the    department of the
Metropolitan Museum of Art that reproduces artworks    for sale. She says none
of her staff members "expressed any anxiety    about contagion" when David A.
Baughman, a highly regarded master    craftsman who has AIDS, wanted to stay on
the job.

     "We are in New York, and practically everyone knows someone with    AIDS
now," Ms. Taeschler says. Baughman says the museum's eagerness to    keep him on
the job sharply improved his morale - and probably his    health. In a year he
has missed less than two weeks' work.



LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company


                             688 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    December 14, 1987, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Fear and ignorance on AIDS widespread in Canada, poll says

BYLINE: (CP)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 269 words

DATELINE: WINNIPEG, Manitoba


   WINNIPEG (CP) - Fear and ignorance about AIDS are widespread in Canada,
according to a new poll.

Nine in 10 Canadians believe AIDS could spread and affect everyone, not just
known high-risk groups, the poll indicates.

And eight in 10 think new immigrants should be tested for the deadly acquired
immune deficiency syndrome, for which no cure is known. Transmitted by the
exchange of bodily fluids like blood and sperm, the disease disables the immune
system, leaving the body prey to other disease.

The Southam News-Angus Reid poll of 1,507 adults between Nov. 26 and Dec. 4
found:

* 86 per cent felt AIDS could affect them but only 14 per cent had changed their
sexual behavior.

* Eight in 10 fear getting AIDS from a blood transfusion. The risk of doing so
is put at less than one in 10 million.

* Almost half worry about getting AIDS from food prepared and served by someone
with AIDS, or by visiting a doctor or dentist who has treated an AIDS patient.
No evidence exists to suggest this is possible.

* One-third believe a person can get AIDS in a public swimming pool. Experts say
this is impossible.

* Almost three in 10 think you can get AIDS in public washrooms or from
co-workers with AIDS. Again, experts say this is impossible.

* 60 per cent say information campaigns should stress safer sexual activity,
while one-third say the emphasis should be on avoiding promiscuity.

* Two-thirds think mandatory AIDS testing of high-risk groups including new
immigrants, intravenous drug users, homosexuals and prison inmates is justified
because the disease is so serious.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             689 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    July 31, 1985, Wednesday, Final Edition

AIDS Update: New Drug Treatments, But Much is Still Unknown

BYLINE: By Sandy Rovner, Washington Post Staff Write

SECTION: Health; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1375 words


The global publicity about film star Rock Hudson's battle with AIDS, the
Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome, focuses new attention on this weird and
lethal newcomer to the list of scourges that plague mankind.

Some members of the particularly susceptible gay community have been vocal in
their belief that AIDS research is lagging in this country, and many AIDS
victims who can afford it fly to the Institut Pasteur in Paris where, they
insist, research has outstripped that in the U.S. Hudson himself, whose AIDS was
diagnosed a year ago, reportedly had been under treatment at Pasteur with an
experimental drug, HPA-23.

However, scientists in the United States point out that drugs similar to HPA-23
-- an antiviral agent -- are well into clinical trials in this country and even
Pasteur researchers reportedly concede that they have "no breakthroughs" as yet
in AIDS treatment.

The fact is, though, that when AIDS broke onto the scene about 5 years ago, no
one knew what it was, how it was transmitted, or why it was proving fatal.
"There's never been a disease in history in which so much progress has been made
in so short a time," says a spokeswoman at the National Institutes of Health's
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID).

The viral agent that causes AIDS was identified within the past two years, along
with the way it infects the body's protective T-cells, thereby devastating the
immune system and making its victims subject to a host of potentially fatal
illnesses from pneumonia to cancer. Moreover, scientists have learned how it is
spread, and, by and large, how it is not spread.

Within the past six months they have established a screening test to identify
antibodies in the blood of exposed persons. The test not only targets those who
are at risk for the disorder, but helps prevent contaminated blood from entering
the nation's blood supplies -- for transfusions and for providing blood
products, for instance, the blood factor needed by hemophiliacs to control their
illness.

Until the test -- called ELISA (for enzyme link immunosorbent assay) -- was
developed and made widely available, potential AIDS infection was a threat to
those receiving blood transfusions and especially to hemophiliacs.

The AIDS virus, a so-called retrovirus, is identified as HTLV-III/LAV to credit
both the French and American scientists who identified it almost simultaneously
-- at the Institut Pasteur and at the National Institutes of Health.

The number of victims is increasing at an epidemic rate -- almost 12,000 in the
U.S. with almost 6,000 deaths -- but researchers and clinicians are convinced
that it is transmitted only in limited ways and within limited groups. The
majority of victims -- more than 75 percent -- have been homosexual men. It is
transmitted principally through sexual relations, especially oral or anal sex,
whether homosexual or heterosexual. Initially it was found rampant among Haitian
immigrants to the U.S., but they are no longer considered a separate risk group.

Subsequently, researchers found that AIDS could be transmitted through the
contaminated needles of intravenous drug abusers, through blood transfusions and
through the blood factor hemophiliacs must have to keep from bleeding to death.
Small amounts of the factor are derived from blood given by thousands of donors.

AIDS also can be transmitted to unborn babies by infected mothers -- usually IV
drug abusers or the partners of drug abusers. There are an estimated 600
children with AIDS or conditions considered pre-AIDS in the United States. Most
of them are in New York City or Miami, Fla. It is not unusual, say experts, for
parents of babies idenified as having AIDS to simply drop them off at hospitals
and then disappear.

Both Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, director of NIAID and one of the top AIDS clinicians
in the U.S., and spokesmen at the Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta, say
AIDS cannot be caught by casually kissing someone who is infected.

It cannot be caught by swimming in a swimming pool with someone who is infected.

It cannot be caught by being in the same school, living in the same house,
caring for or nursing AIDS victims or eating food handled by AIDS sufferers.

It cannot be caught by having someone with AIDS cough or sneeze at you.

Reports that it can be transmitted by mosquitoes have also been discounted by
CDC scientists.

Care givers at the NIH AIDS clinic undergo blood screening every six months.
Some of them work very closely with AIDS victims in late stages of the illness;
some have even been accidentally pierced with needles potentially contaminated.
To date, none of the NIH staff members who were not in a risk group, tested
positive for the AIDS antibodies.

For the general public concerned about AIDS, Fauci recommends "avoiding sexual
contact with individuals in the risk group -- bisexual men, IV drug abusers;
avoiding sharing needles with others. You shouldn't be using them on yourself,
but for sure you shouldn't be sharing them."

He warns against contacts with prostitutes or "with anyone you don't know much
about."

"The situation with saliva," Fauci said, "is a bit more confusing because most
sexual interactions among people also involve the exchange of saliva . . . One
cannot say that the virus cannot be transmitted if you have the exchange of a
lot of saliva in very heavy kissing. But there is no evidence whatever that it
can be transmitted by coughing or sneezing."

There is also a suggestion that "something else has to be going on," Fauci said,
for someone to wind up being infected by the AIDS virus. The researchers are
looking into the presence of two herpes virus infections -- cytomegalovirus,
which is known to have a high incidence among male homosexuals and the
Epstein-Barr virus as possible co-factors for AIDS. In other words, the AIDS
virus may need an agent such as one of those viruses to permit it to become
active.

To be counted as an AIDS victim in the CDC tally, patients must have one of the
potentially life-threatening illnesses that their AIDS-damaged immune systems
cannot forestall. Many more victims, untold thousands, perhaps a million, may
have been exposed to the virus or may have a condition considered "pre-AIDS,"
with some immune system damage that may eventually lead to a life threatening
condition.

At the NIH clinic, therapy is aimed first at controlling the virus, usually with
an agent that acts like HPA-23 and prevents the virus from reproducing. When the
virus appears contained, different experimental therapies are used, designed to
restore the damaged immune system.

Anti-viral agents being tested at NIAID or at AIDS clinics at medical centers
nationwide include alpha-interferon, suramin, ribavirin and a Swedish drug
called foscarnet.

To try to enhance immune system functioning, Fauci is experimenting with bone
marrow transplants on three sets of identical twins in which one twin has AIDS
and one is healthy. But because of the difficulty in finding compatible bone
marrow tissue in other than close relatives, Fauci also is using an agent called
interleukin-2 which is manufactured in the bone marrow.

Another agent, DHTG, is being used on AIDS patients with cytomegalovirus
infections. In AIDS patients, this herpes virus can cause severe eye problems
and encephalitis. Other researchers are working on an AIDS vaccine, but even the
most optimistic estimates put that at least five years away.

Dr. Peter Hawley, volunteer physician at the Whitman-Walker Clinic in
Washington, is working with the District government and George Washington
University on various AIDS support projects.

The clinic is currently screening potential AIDS victims on Wednesday evenings.
He urges screening for those not in high risk groups who have contact with those
who are. For example, partners of drug abusers or bi-sexual men or females who
are at high risk themselves or through others who are contemplating pregnancy.

For Information:

Whitman-Walker Clinic, 2335 18th St. N.W. DC 20009. For screening information
phone, 332-AIDS.

The Centers for Disease Control operates two hotlines, one for the general
public: 1-800-342-AIDS and for health professionals, 1-800-221-7044.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                             690 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Newcastle Herald (Australia)

                            November 23, 2015 Monday
                                 First Edition

Australia tackled AIDS epidemic smartly;
opinion THEIR SAY

BYLINE: Bill Bowtell

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 542 words


Good policies have kept our rate of infection low, writes Bill Bowtell.

ABBY Landy is a 27-year old woman. She's white and heterosexual: another face of
HIV.

Abby tested positive for HIV after breaking up with a violent ex-lover and she
is one of a number of young HIV positive Australians who feature in a
ground-breaking documentary film to be screened in Newcastle called
Transmission: The journey from AIDS to HIV.

It is a film 30 years in the making, which documents our changing cultural
attitudes towards AIDS and the struggles and dreams of those living with HIV
today.

On World AIDS Day, December 1, we pause to remember the 30 million people who
have died from Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome (AIDS) caused by infection
with the Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) since the virus was first detected
in the early 1980s.

It's easy to gloss over this statistic but 30 million people is substantially
more people than the 24 million Australians alive in 2015.

Each one of those people was someone's sister, brother, son, daughter, father or
mother.

Overwhelmingly, HIV/AIDS has killed young people whose early deaths robbed them
of a full life and their communities of workers, contributors and talent.

The horror years of HIV/AIDS were from the early 1980s through to the late
1990s. Only after 1996 did the arrival of first effective treatments for HIV
infection begin to break the progression from infection with HIV and death from
AIDS.

Up until the late 1990s, HIV swept around the globe destroying lives on a scale
only comparable with the great wars of the 20th century and the influenza
pandemic of 1919/20. The world's public health systems were totally unprepared
for HIV/AIDS. Fear, hysteria and stupidity resulted in disastrously wrong
policies in many countries.

In Australia however, a rigorously scientific approach was adopted as the
foundation of all areas of the response to HIV/AIDS - care, treatment, research
and prevention. Radical and bold policies were devised and applied swiftly.

The realities of the sexual, drug-using and other behaviours of young people
that exposed them to HIV infection were tackled openly and honestly in the
media.

In Australia, about 8000 people have died from AIDS, and there are today about
27,000 people living with HIV/AIDS.

But in those critical years of the 1980s and 1990s, had we been foolish enough
to adopt punitive and discriminatory policies, we would have ended up with per
capita rates of AIDS deaths and HIV infections that might be in line with
American per capita rates of HIV/AIDS - that is up to 10 times as many
infections.

Australia's HIV/AIDS policies saved many thousands of lives.

Transmission: The journey from AIDS to HIV brings us the stories of people who
were involved in the horror years and skilfully contrasts them with a new
generation of young activists dealing with the vastly different challenges of
HIV in contemporary Australia.

" ACON will present a special free screening of Transmission: The journey from
AIDS to HIV, followed by a panel discussion with the film's stars at 6pm on
Wednesday, November 25 at The Gateway Hotel, 139 Maitland Road Newcastle.

Bill Bowtell is the executive director, Pacific Friends of the Global Fund to
fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Newcastle Newspapers Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             691 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            November 30, 2012 Friday

Commemorating World AIDS Day

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 515 words


Friday November 30, 2012

There were an estimated 34 million people living with HIV/AIDS in 2010, the most
recent statistics available from Avert, an international HIV and AIDS charity.
About 1.8 million of those people died from AIDS that year. Here in the United
States there are approximately 1.2 million people living with HIV/AIDS, and
about 20 percent of them are unaware they even have the disease.

Those are sobering statistics, to be sure. Here's another one: Over the last 30
years AIDS has killed more than 25 million people around the world, making it
one of the most destructive epidemics in recorded history.

As part of an international effort to raise awareness of the AIDS pandemic
caused by the spread of HIV infection, and to recognize the efforts of those
working to fight it, countries around the globe will observe World AIDS Day this
weekend. Since 1995, the President of the United States has made an official
proclamation on World AIDS Day, and governments of other nations have followed
suit with issued similar announcements.

World AIDS Day actually falls on Dec. 1 every year, but here in Brattleboro it
will be observed a day earlier. The AIDS Project of Southern Vermont will
commemorate World AIDS Day today from noon to 1 p.m. at the River Garden in
Brattleboro. The event will open with a 10-minute candlelight vigil on the
sidewalk, followed by a short program of local and international speakers, music
by songwriter and musician Damaris, and the donation of a quilt for a person
living with HIV/AIDS handmade by local residents.

Speaking of quilts, the 2012 World AIDS Day Community Friendship Quilt is on
displayed in the Wilmington Town Office window from Nov. 26 to Dec. 3.

Despite ongoing challenges across the world, there is good news to share on this
World AIDS Day: the area where perhaps most progress is being made is in
reducing new HIV infections in children, according to the AIDS Project. Half of
the global reductions in new HIV infections in the last two years have been
among newborn children.

Antiretroviral therapy has emerged as a powerful force for saving lives. In the
last 24 months the number of people accessing treatment has increased by 63
percent globally. In addition, countries are increasing investments in the AIDS
response despite a difficult economic climate.

The work being done by the AIDS Project of Southern Vermont, which this year
celebrated 25 years of serving the local community, is part of that global
effort. Direct services to community members living with HIV/AIDS in Windham and
Bennington counties include medical case management, transportation and a
comprehensive food program in partnership with the Vermont Foodbank, members of
area faith communities, Amy's Bakery Arts Café, and customers of the Brattleboro
Food Co-op. The AIDS Project also offers HIV prevention efforts in Windham
County for those at highest risk.

The entire community is invited to today's events at the River Garden to honor
those affected by HIV/AIDS and those who work to combat AIDS worldwide,
including the AIDS Project of Southern Vermont.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             692 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                    December 1, 1997, Monday, FINAL EDITION

New West End sites proposed for local AIDS monument: Public protest delayed a
memorial last year, but new plans are proposed as World AIDS Day is marked.

BYLINE: CATHERINE PORTER; VANCOUVER SUN WITH CANADIAN PRESS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 459 words


A year after a public outcry sunk a plan to build an AIDS memorial in Vancouver,
the committee in charge of the project is submitting a new set of proposals.

To mark World AIDS Day, which is being observed around the globe today, the
committee is to hand the Vancouver park board a list of West End spots it's
suggesting for the $ 190,000 memorial.

The four sites are Alexandra Park, Sunset Beach West, Stanley Park at the corner
of Nelson Street, and the originally proposed spot at Ceperly Park in Stanley
Park.

The monument, which will resemble Washington's Vietnam war memorial, was
scheduled to go up last year. But public protest forced the Park Board to back
down after it announced the AIDS wall would be located in Ceperly Park.

Park Board commissioner Laura McDiarmid said the outrage was directed at the
lack of public consultation and the Stanley Park location. As a result, she said
the park board rewrote its guidelines to include more public input on proposed
sites for monuments.

This time, the park board plans to post signs in each of the selected parks
informing the public of the planned monument and then to host a public forum on
the issue, McDiarmid said. The process should be completed by February.

"It's a big day," said Dr. Joss de Wet, a member of the Vancouver AIDS Memorial
Committee, which has been working on the project for three years. "We're very
hopeful it's going to work this time."

The monument resembles a 10-metre ribbon of steel that's 1.5 metres tall and
curved into a scroll at the ends, like a loose roll of film.

It will be inscribed with the names of the 2,000 British Columbians who have
died to date of AIDS-related illnesses and can be extended should new names need
to be added. The design was selected from 74 candidates during a provincial
competition last year.

Meanwhile in Ottawa, the federal government is using World AIDS Day to announce
a new commitment to fight the disease, though AIDS activists weren't hopeful
about what will be offered.

Health Minister Allan Rock is scheduled to fulfill a Liberal election promise of
renewing the AIDS strategy at $ 40.7 million a year over five years, for a total
of about $ 200 million for research and care.

The new strategy -- to replace the existing program that expires in March -- is
being revamped to reflect the changing face of the disease.

But people involved in drafting the plan don't expect the announcement to be
much more than a confirmation the strategy will continue and a general policy
statement on the direction the government is taking.

"We haven't been able to come to an agreement on how the budget should be
divided," said Russell Armstrong, executive director of the Canadian AIDS
Society.


LOAD-DATE: December 2, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Ian Smith, Vancouver Sun / REMEMBERING ON WORLD AIDS DAY -
MEMORIAL IN WAITING: Dr. Joss de Wet, of the Vancouver AIDS Memorial Committee,
displays model of delayed monument..

Color Photo: Fabrizio Bensch, Reuter / COMMEMORATION: Man lights a candle during
an AIDS memorial ceremony in Berlin.

               Copyright 1997 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             693 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 15, 1993, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Spread of AIDS Expected to Slow; 330,000 Deaths Are Seen by '95

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 12; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 516 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA, Jan. 14


At least 330,000 Americans will have died from AIDS by 1995, but the epidemic's
spread will slow a little, according to projections that Federal health
officials made public today.

"The AIDS epidemic hasn't plateau-ed, but it will not grow as fast as in its
earlier years," said Dr. John Ward, chief of AIDS surveillance for the Centers
for Disease Control and Prevention, a Federal agency based here.

"A slowdown in new infections is a possibility," Dr. Ward said in explaining why
the epidemic is unlikely to spread as fast. "Another is that people with H.I.V.
are getting treatment that slows the progression to AIDS."

Still, the agency said that by 1995 AIDS would have been diagnosed in more than
half a million Americans since the start of the epidemic in 1981. The number of
deaths is expected to reach 330,000 to 385,000 by 1995, more than twice the
current total.

New AIDS Definition

As of Sept. 30 there were 242,000 cases of AIDS and more than 160,000 AIDS
-related deaths in the United States.

The agency's latest report on the future of the AIDS epidemic encompasses a new
AIDS definition that went into effect on Jan. 1.

Under the old definition, which diagnosed AIDS in H.I.V. patients when they got
any of 23 indicator diseases, 415,000 to 535,000 Americans would have AIDS by
1995, Federal health officials said. The new definition, which lists three
additional diseases plus severely suppressed immune systems as AIDS indicators,
will add at least another 100,000 patients to that roll.

"We have to project the whole range of possibility, but in our experience the
actual number is closer to the lower estimate," Dr. Ward said, adding that the
new definition will not affect the number of deaths.

Prevention Efforts Cited

AIDS cases will continue to increase faster among women and heterosexual
couples, the agency said, while homosexual and bisexual cases will slow.

"The slowdown of AIDS cases among men who have sex with men suggests that
prevention efforts are beneficial in curbing the epidemic," Dr. Ward said. "This
is the group where prevention efforts were first started, and it's the one that
has shown the most progress."

Cases of AIDS transmitted by heterosexuals increased 28 percent in 1991, the
latest available data, and are expected to continue at about that rate, Dr. Ward
said. Homosexual cases and cases among intravenous drug users are expected to
increase by no more than 10 percent a year.

But homosexual and bisexual men will still make up the largest number of AIDS
patients -- 235,000 to 299,000 by 1995 -- because tens of thousands were
diagnosed earlier in the epidemic, the agency said.

The number of female patients with AIDS increased 15 percent in 1991, compared
with 10 percent for men, and female cases are expected to continue to rise
faster, the agency said.

By 1995, 55,000 to 75,000 women will have AIDS, as against 25,900 now. The
number of men with AIDS will range from 365,000 to 465,000 by 1995, up from
212,148 now. The agency did not give precise projections for the number of
children with AIDS.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             694 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                           June 22, 1992, Monday, AM

Sexual tolerance helps prevent AIDS

BYLINE: By Sara Henley REUTERS NEWS AGENCY

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 609 words

DATELINE: AMSTERDAM


   AMSTERDAM - Sexual tolerance may be helping the Netherlands curb the spread
of AIDS, researchers say.

The easy-going approach to people whose lifestyles expose them to greatest risk
of AIDS infection - homosexuals, drug-takers and habitues of Amsterdam's Red
Light district - might suggest the Dutch have an especially serious problem with
the disease.

"Not so," said Frans van den Boom, joint co-ordinator of a recent official
survey of AIDS in the Netherlands. "In fact, the reverse may be true."

Scientists say the Dutch approach has actually helped curb the spread of AIDS,
which the World Health Organization expects will infect 40 million people
worldwide by 2000.

In the decade since the first Dutch AIDS case, the country has reported fewer
AIDS victims per million people than Spain, Switzerland, France, Italy and
Denmark.

"We are quite simply convinced of the importance of a liberal, tolerant policy
in AIDS and drug use," said Wouter de Jong, a researcher at the National
Committee on Aids Control.

Posters remind the Dutch public that "a little understanding never gave anyone
AIDS."

Hard drugs are illegal, but a 10-year plan to provide clean needles to addicts
has cut the spread of AIDS among drug users. While about a third of European and
nearly a quarter of American AIDS patients were infected by dirty needles, fewer
than one in 10 Dutch AIDS victims caught the disease this way.

The Dutch are building on a long tradition of consensus.

"There is unique co-operation here," said Wiebe van der Woude also from the Aids
Control committee.

"Since the epidemic began everyone has been sitting down together - doctors,
homosexuals, drug users and prostitutes."

AIDS has spread more slowly in the Netherlands than expected. In 1987, experts
predicted 3,500 cases by 1991. In fact there have been just over 2,000 to date,
though the worst of AIDS will emerge only in the next decade.

Prevention policy among homosexual or bisexual men - who make up nearly 80 per
cent of Dutch AIDS victims - has focused on helping them inform one another
about safe sex.

The Netherlands' reputation for tolerance has attracted many homosexuals. Once
here, they find an advanced and powerful network which also serves as a channel
for unembarrassed, professional information on AIDS prevention.

"There's still a whole taboo around AIDS, to do with guilt and sex," said Rob de
Waal of the HIV-Vereniging, a Dutch support group for people infected with the
AIDS virus.

The more a person is ashamed of their sexuality, the greater their risk of
exposure to AIDS by not using a condom for sex, Dutch researchers recently
concluded.

This applied not only to gay men but also to prostitutes and their clients.

A survey of condom use among Dutch prostitutes - prostitution has been legal in
the Netherlands for years - showed 81 per cent of them and 75 per cent of their
clients use condoms routinely.

But Dutch scientists are far from optimistic about the future.

Although AIDS has spread more slowly than expected, between 8,000 and 12,000
people - nearly one per cent of the population - are thought to be infected with
the HIV virus which leads to AIDS.

Total AIDS cases are expected to quadruple by 2000.

There are signs that some people, especially the young, are becoming complacent.

"We have an absolute problem with teenagers," said Van der Woude. "They know the
risk, but only half ever use condoms."

About 12 per cent of Dutch adults still shun safe sex.

"It's amazing how people seem to believe they can just forget a disease as
terrible as this," Van der Woude said.Netherlands; AIDS

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1992 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             695 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Sun Herald (Sydney, Australia)

                            November 18, 1990 Sunday
                                  Late Edition

AIDS FUNDING HIT BY BACKLASH

BYLINE: FRANK WALKER IN NEW YORK

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 738 words


THE sense of urgency over the spread of AIDS seems to be waning in the United
States and right-wing politicians are whipping up a growing moral backlash
against homosexuals.

Funds for AIDS treatment programs have been trimmed, treatment centres are
turning victims away because facilities are overcrowded and some politicians
used gay-bashing tactics to pull through in the recent Congressional election

Although hundreds of millions of dollars have been poured into finding a cure
for the disease, some AIDS researchers seem to have lost sight of the human
tragedy.

Last week it emerged that a panel of distinguished medical researchers thought
it was more important to have their studies published in prestigious medical
journals than to save AIDS patients' lives.

The experts had agreed five months ago that treatment with steroid hormones
could halve the death rate from pneumonia, the leading killer of people with
AIDS.

But the prospect that medical journals might not publish their findings if they
were "scooped" by a public announcement of the good news led the 16 experts to
bicker away valuable time that could have saved thousands of lives

Forty thousand AIDS infected people in the US get pneumonia each year and up to
12,000 of them die from it.

AIDS workers were furious at the delay. Some said it amounted to murder, others
said it was unethical. But what the story revealed was that the feeling of a
crisis is disappearing-even among those working to stop it.

Complacency is setting in among the vast middle-class heterosexuals who think
AIDS can never touch them, and politicians are ready to exploit that attitude.

In one of the most bitter campaigns in the recent Congressional election,
Senator Jesse Helms of North Carolina beat off a strong challenge from a black
liberal, Harvey Gantt, by suggesting he was being supported by AIDS-infected gay
activists who

would force schools to take homosexual teachers.

The tactic worked. The people of North Carolina rallied to re-elect the
reactionary senator.

Helms was tapping into a rich vein of hatred. Gay bashings have increased in the
past 12 months in the major US cities. Gay vigilante groups are now patrolling
the streets to protect predominantly gay areas.

Last year the US Government spent $1.5 billion on AIDS - but only 5pc of that
was allocated to patient care.

Thousands of poor people who can't afford private hospitals are being turned
away from crowded charity and public treatment centres.

Last month the Senate slashed AIDS treatment funds from $875 million to $49
million. A leading fighter for AIDS funds, Democrat Congressman Henry Waxman,
warned they were acting as if the epidemic were over.

Several Congressmen said there seemed to be an attitude that AIDS patients were
going to die anyway, so until a cure was found there was no point pouring money
into their care while other medical problems were more pressing.

Although none would say it openly, there is still the attitude AIDS is a disease
of homosexuals and drug addicts.

But that has not been true for a long time.

AIDS is killing more women of child-bearing age in New York than car accidents,
heart attacks and cancer combined. AIDS is the leading killer of young black
women in New York.

In New York's Bronx district, 12pc of pregnant women are infected with AIDS and
in Newark, New Jersey, a quarter of all young men are carrying it.

The groups showing the most rapid rate of AIDS infection are babies and women.
In 1989, 547 babies were born with AIDS. This year, the total figure is expected
to reach 2,000.

Last year 1,562 heterosexuals came down with AIDS compared with 19,652
homosexual or bisexual men. But that was a 36pc increase in cases for
heterosexuals against an 11pc increase for homosexuals.

In 1984, when the AIDS virus that causes the illness was identified, 4,500
people had AIDS in the US.

Now that figure is about 150,000 and more than 3,000 new cases of AIDS are
reported every month. The death toll from AIDS is fast approaching 100,000.

More than one million Americans are estimated to be carrying the virus and most
of those will fall sick by the end of the decade.

The World Health Organisation estimates 750,000 people around the world will
erupt with AIDS symptoms this year, while another six to eight million are
carrying the dormant virus.

By the year 2000 five to six million people will be sick with AIDS and the total
number of infected people will approach 20 million.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Two Illus: VICTIM: AIDS is the leading killer of young black women in
New York. Inset: Jesse Helms.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1990 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             696 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 20, 1989, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

AIDS Stretches Limits of Rural Health Care

BYLINE: By ERIC SCHMITT

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 962 words

DATELINE: LIBERTY, N.Y.


Rita Lewis, a 36-year-old mother with AIDS, drives 100 miles each way to a
doctor in Manhattan because there are no AIDS specialists here in Sullivan
County.

Henry Brunner and Nelson Rivera, who have AIDS-related conditions, called more
than two dozen physicians here after they had moved from New Jersey, before one
finally agreed to treat them and accept their Medicaid payments.

A 30-year-old former construction worker with AIDS sees a doctor in Cooperstown,
a couple of hours north. He grew up in the county, but said that if local people
found out he had AIDS, they would shun the small business he owns.

Sullivan, with 70,000 people, has the second-highest rate of AIDS in the state
of any county outside New York City. Although the total is small, the arrival of
AIDS has the rural area hard-pressed to meet the growing demand for health care
and struggling to calm fears that threaten to shred its social fabric.

''What AIDS has done is amplify the crisis of health care in rural America,''
said David Rabinowitsch, a nurse who is co-chairman of the Sullivan County AIDS
Task Force, a coalition of health care and community agencies formed two years
ago to address the AIDS crisis.

AIDS has also created tensions for families, friends and neighbors in the
tight-knit communities here. ''Families are either becoming very, very close and
supportive, or they are disowning other members,'' said Mr. Rabinowitsch.

Health officials caution that the reported total of AIDS cases here since 1984
is relatively small, 38 through last April, for a rate of 56.1 cases per 100,000
people. By comparison, New York City has 18,986 reported cases through April, an
incidence of 264 per 100,000.

For county residents who need help, however, the obstacles are formidable.
Public transportation is virtually nonexistent. Support groups for people with
AIDS and their families have only recently formed.

Doctors say Medicaid reimbursements in rural areas like this do not cover their
costs and discourage them from accepting new cases. The nearest hospitals that
specialize in AIDS treatment are in Albany, White Plains or New York, all a few
hours away.

The AIDS crisis here is not a homegrown epidemic. Nestled in the southern
Catskill Mountains, Sullivan has a large summer resort industry that attracts
seasonal workers, vacationers and the owners of second homes from New York City.

Health officials say the use of intravenous drugs is the largest source of AIDS
transmission here. The virus is spread through sexual partners or sharing
needles.

Deep Roots

''Typically, someone from New York who is or was an i.v.-drug user takes a job
at a local hotel, meets a local companion, has sex and transmits the virus,''
said Loretta Meredith, a health education specialist with the County Public
Health Nursing Service, the primary public health agency and provider of home
nursing.

Although the virus may be imported, many people with AIDS or AIDS-related
conditions have deep roots in the community. Of the 19 home-care patients whom
Public Health Nursing served last year, 15 had lived in the county for at least
five years, and nearly half were lifelong residents.

''We're seeing middle-class people who didn't shoot drugs, who weren't gay and
who weren't promiscuous,'' the director of the Sullivan Red Cross chapter, Sally
Popoli, said. ''They were just just men and women who had relationships with the
wrong partners.''

'Very Expensive to Service'

Doctors and health experts here said they were meeting the needs of most AIDS
patients. They predicted that without bigger staffs and bigger budgets, the
crisis could overwhelm the resources.

''One of our main concerns is that once people become ill, they require a
tremendous amount of services,'' the director of Public Health Nursing, Dyan
Campbell, said. ''It's very expensive to service rural health needs.''

Last year, Public Health Nursing made 168 home visits to its 19 patients,
compared with six visits to two patients in 1986. This year, the agency expects
to make more than 200 visits to about 50 patients.

''Like everywhere else, it's going to get worse here,'' said Rita Mullin,
director of nursing at Community General Hospital of Sullivan County, which as
the region's sole hospital has about six patients with AIDS or AIDS symptons at
any time. ''We need to do a lot more community education. There's a tremendous
amount of fear and ignorance.''

Meetings and Clinics

That is one main reason why two years ago health, drug-rehabilitation and county
agencies formed an AIDS panel to coordinate services and map strategies. The
committee has been instrumental in organizing speakers to address community
groups and advocating AIDS education in the schools.

Last November the first support groups for people with AIDS or AIDS-related
conditions were created. They meet weekly. Recently, a group formed for
adolescents whose parents have the virus.

In March, Community General opened a health clinic for low-income people,
including those with AIDS, offering them greater continuity in care than the
hospital emergency room.

Other resources are lacking. ''We need a lot more adult homes where people can
live as normal a life as possible and die with dignity,'' said Eva Ann Loucks, a
nurse with Public Health Nursing who treats AIDS patients in their homes.

For many people with AIDS or AIDS-related conditions, life is a daily struggle,
like running a small business incognito, filing for Social Security disability
payments or just finding a place to live.

''I don't have any long-term goals anymore,'' said Mrs. Lewis, a former
i.v.-drug user who lives with her 17-year-old son, Carl. ''Right now, my goal is
to see my son graduate from high school next year.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Loretta Meredith counseling an AIDS patient. (NYT/Eddie
Hausner) (pg. B1); Susan Hassler, a nurse, caring for an AIDS patient at
Community General Hospital of Sullivan County (NYT/Eddie Hausner) (pg. B2)

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                             697 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 30, 1987, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

DOCTORS WORLD;
AIDS MYSTERY: WHY DO SOME INFECTED MEN STAY HEALTHY?

BYLINE: By LAWRENCE K. ALTMAN, M.D.

SECTION: Section C; Page 1, Column 1; Science Desk

LENGTH: 1603 words


EVEN as they struggle to understand just how the AIDS virus can cause such
grievous harm, scientists are also begining to focus on the other side of the
coin: Why have some long-infected people not become ill?

Scientists in New York are following 13 gay men who have been infected with the
AIDS virus for at least nine years without any apparent ill effects.

Research on such healthy virus carriers may be just as important as the study of
how the virus invades the body and kills many victims. Factors that help keep
the virus in check could provide effective ways to stall the lethal
consequences, and perhaps even point the way toward treatments or vaccines.

Acquired immune deficiency syndrome was recognized only in 1981, and a blood
test for the virus infection became available only in 1985. The studies of
long-term virus carriers are possible only because of frozen blood samples
obtained in trials for a vaccine for hepatitis B. The trials were undertaken
among gay men in several American cities in the late 1970's, when scientists
believe the AIDS virus was first spreading among gay men in New York and
California.

Infectious diseases vary in the ratio of people who become ill to those infected
who never develop symptoms. But there are few diseases that kill all who become
infected and few in which, as appears to be the case with AIDS, nearly all
infected people become lifetime carriers and can spread the infection to others.

After the discovery of AIDS, many of the volunteers in the hepatitis B study
were asked to take part in studies of the prevalence and spread of the newly
recognized disease. Researchers have tested the stored samples of their blood to
see who became infected with the AIDS virus, and when.

In New York, at least 13 men who volunteered in 1978 for the hepatitis B vaccine
trial were already infected with the AIDS virus and have lived for nine years
without developing AIDS, according to Dr. Cladd E. Stevens, the head
epidemiologist at the New York Blood Center.

An astonishing point is that the immune systems for all 13 of these men look
''perfectly normal,'' Dr. Stevens said in an interview. The AIDS virus attacks
the immune system, leaving victims prey to various infections and cancers, and
many infected people show abnormalities in their immune systems long before
becoming ill.

More astonishing, Dr. Stevens said, for unknown reasons only one of the 87
people in the New York Blood Center study who were found to have become infected
with the AIDS virus since 1981 has developed AIDS. Dr. Stevens said she was
conducting further studies to learn whether that favorable situation was due to
the small number of subjects or to some unknown protective factor.

In addition to providing possible clues to fighting the disease, these and other
long-term studies are also providing the only available information about the
proportion of virus carriers who become ill.

Based mainly on data from the studies of gay men, Federal officials estimate
that 20 percent to 30 percent of virus carriers develop AIDS within five years
of infection. Many more develop the lesser problems of AIDS-related complex or
chronically swollen lymph nodes, often an initial sign of developing illness.

A small study in San Francisco of gay men who took part in a hepatitis B study
in the late 1970's has suggested that the risk of developing AIDS may even rise
after five years. Some experts now believe that in time nearly all virus
carriers will develop disease symptoms if not full-scale AIDS. In any case, the
reasons that some remain healthy for many years could still provide vital
research leads.

The same San Francisco study has found that of 155 men infected for 88 months or
longer, 29 have not developed AIDS, Dr. George Rutherford, an epidemiologist in
the San Francisco Health Department, said. However, on their last physical
examinations, 10 of these 29 had AIDS-related complex, and 10 had swollen lymph
nodes throughout their body. Only nine were symptom-free.

Two men in the study are known to have been infected for more than nine years
and have not developed AIDS. One of the two, who has been infected for 109
months, had no symptoms when examined last year, Dr. Rutherford said. A second,
who has been infected for 111 months, has developed AIDS-related complex but not
AIDS.

Although the number of people known to be longtime carriers of the AIDS virus is
small, Dr. Stevens said, ''clearly there are AIDS virus-infected individuals who
are progressing towards AIDS, and there are individuals who are not.''

But scientists also agree that there is no way to predict what the ultimate
outcome for virus carriers will be. Only time will provide the answer. The data
health officials seek from such studies are crucial for many reasons. Doctors
now have no way to advise infected individuals about their chances of developing
AIDS. Government officials have only scanty data to use in planning for the
economic, social and other problems AIDS will cause.

Most important, if a significant number of people infected with the virus do not
develop AIDS for many years, if ever, and they were included in small studies of
experimental drugs and vaccines, researchers might draw erroneous conclusions.

Also, if some AIDS virus carriers knew that they had low chances of becoming
ill, they might not subject themselves to the potentially serious side effects
of anti-AIDS drugs.

For that reason, AIDS workers in Chicago and Denver, where records are still
available for detailed follow-up studies of those who enrolled in hepatitis B
vaccine trials, are planning to examine and test for AIDS virus infection all
all the subjects who can now be found, with their permission. The research in
San Francisco is being expanded to include all the original participants, not
just the small sample already selected, for more extensive study.

The Federal Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta will finance the research,
according to the centers' chief AIDS epidemiologist, Dr. Harold Jaffe.

Dr. John Phair, an AIDS epidemiologist at Northwestern University in Chicago,
said his team knew of many people infected with the AIDS virus for about three
years ''who seem to be going along pretty well.'' Many others, he said, have
developed AIDS within 20 months of becoming infected, ''so clearly there is
something different about those people.''

Although the search for factors that determine individual susceptibility to the
virus is at this point little more than a scientific fishing expedition,
researchers are zeroing in on several issues:

* Genetics. Dr. Anthony J. Pinching and his team from St. Mary's Hospital and
Medical School in London have linked differences in an inherited blood protein
called Gc to susceptibility of AIDS. Several teams plan to try to confirm those
results as well as to test for many other genetic factors. For instance,
scientists from the National Cancer Institute recently reported a link between
AIDS and another inherited blood protein.

* Virulence. Researchers are trying to determine if different strains of the
virus have significant differences in virulence. This can be pursued both in the
laboratory and through studies of the fate of people infected with different
viral strains.

* Living habits and environmental influences. Epidemiologists are seeking to
identify factors such as use of particular drugs or a history of other diseases
that may differ among those who do and do not develop AIDS.

* Difference in immunity. Several research groups are trying to determine if
there is ''something unusual'' in the immune systems of long-term AIDS virus
carriers that ''allowed them to respond to the AIDS virus differently,''
according to Dr. Richard A. Kaslow, a leading AIDS epidemiologist at the
National Institutes of Health. For example, he said, researchers are exploring
whether some unidentified factor in the blood ''neutralized'' the AIDS virus
among infected people who have remained healthy and among people repeatedly
exposed to the virus who did not become infected.

Dr. William Haseltine of the Dana-Farber Cancer Center in Boston said
researchers are seeking to ''measure everything you could possibly measure to
get a complete documentation of the working of the immune response'' in
long-term AIDS virus carriers. Immune system differences might or might not be
inherited.

* Reversibility. There are some hints that ''a very few'' people may have
developed symptoms and then recovered, but the evidence is still unclear, Dr.
Kaslow said.

* Reverters. Five people among 4,955 who developed antibodies against the AIDS
virus had no such antibodies when they were examined in follow-up tests,
according to a preliminary report of a study by the National Institutes of
Health. However, cultures to determine if these individuals were still infected
with the virus had not been completed at the time of the recent report.

One problem in comparing available studies is that scientists lack a standard
definition of what they mean by ''healthy'' AIDS virus carriers. Some
researchers restrict the category to people who have no symptoms and whose
laboratory test results of immune and other functions are normal. Others use it
to include those who have swollen lymph nodes and abnormal test results but who
feel well.

The fact that some infected people have survived almost a decade without
developing AIDS offers a measure of optimism. But the fact that some who have
remained healthy for many years are just now becoming ill ''is sobering,'' Dr.
Jaffe of the Centers for Disease Control said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             698 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              February 21, 1985, Thursday, Late City Final Edition
                              Correction Appended

AIDS AND ITS VICTIMS: SUPPORT NETWORKS GROW

BYLINE: By ESTHER B. FEIN

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1683 words


David Summers built his nightclub act around an illness he knows may kill him
soon. Mathew J. Shebar left his Wall Street law practice to give legal counsel
to friends and colleagues he saw dying of AIDS. Sister Patrice Murphy expanded
her hospice program to minister to patients with AIDS and their families.

AIDS has afflicted more than 8,000 people in the United States, with almost half
of them in the New York metropolitan area, and as the numbers have grown, so
have the support networks to meet the crisis. Formally and through casual
arrangements, people with AIDS, their families, friends and lovers have been
joining together to treat, help and console each other.

Clinics and Legal Counseling

Three years after the disease, acquired immune deficiency syndrome, first
received widespread public attention, these networks have become extensive and
sophisticated. And while AIDS has sometimes faded from the general
consciousness, the number of people dedicated to helping AIDS victims continues
to grow.

They have formed health clinics, written plays, lobbied for funds, provided
legal counseling and devised buddy systems, all so that a person with AIDS need
not wither and die alone.

The bonding has been especially profound and successful in New York, where
homosexuals have galvanized during a health crisis that affects them more than
anyone else.

''Gay men never had a crisis of this proportion and so we have never before
rallied the resources of the gay community the way we have with AIDS,'' said Mr.
Shebar, director of legal services for Gay Men's Health Crisis, a nonprofit New
York organization that was begun three years ago to answer the needs of people
with AIDS.

The first wave of concern for people with AIDS was medical - would there be a
cure, and a way to treat it, and what caused it? Now public and private
organizations are responding to the practical side of the AIDS crisis.

Although most AIDS organizations reach out to anyone with AIDS, the formal
support networks have been a homosexual phenomenon. That is mostly a function of
numbers, say AIDS researchers and leaders of the organizations. Of the 8,120
people in the United States diagnosed with AIDS as of Feb. 1, only 2,199 are
heterosexuals and they are of disparate backgrounds. Many of them are
intravenous drug users and prostitutes, who know that poor health is a condition
of their lives.

''It is a very heterogeneous group with nothing to bind them,'' said Dr. Ken
Castro, an epidemiologist with the Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta. ''The
gay community had an existing network to build on. The heterosexuals now have to
tap in to that network.''

The disease has thrived since it was first discovered in this country in 1981,
and the number of patients and fatalities continues to spiral. Close to 4,000
people with AIDS have already died, and doctors and epidemiologists say that
with no cure in sight, 20,000 more could die within the next four years.

According to the Centers for Disease Control, 73 percent of those with AIDS are
homosexuals and bisexuals; 17 percent are intravenous drug users; 3 percent are
Haitians; 1 percent are hemophiliacs; 1 percent contract AIDS through blood
transfusions; 1 percent are heterosexual partners of someone in any of the risk
groups, and 4 percent do not seem to fit into any risk groups.

Mr. Shebar said the staggering statistics - with almost all the cases occurring
in men - had forced him to recognize a responsibility to his peers.

He has written wills for young men barely out of college. He has filed
discrimination suits against companies that have dismissed employees who had
AIDS or who merely had friends with AIDS. He has fought bereaved parents seeking
to overturn the wills of sons who left belongings to lovers.

Separate Prison Wards

Prisons, such as New York City's jails on Rikers Island, have established wards
for inmates who have AIDS. And the state is now negotiating with the
Metropolitan Hospital Center to set aside a wing for prisoners with AIDS who
require hospitalization.

Hospitals have prepared videotapes to teach their staffs about the disease and
to quell the fears of nurses, orderlies and doctors. Pamphlets and brochures
instructing those at risk how to minimize their chances of getting AIDS have
been distributed in the bars and bathhouses where homosexuals gather.

''As Is,'' a play by William M. Hoffman about a man who learns he has AIDS,
opens next month at the Circle Repertory Company. Mr. Hoffman said he wrote the
play after six of his friends got AIDS and died.

''I'd go to memorial service after memorial service,'' Mr. Hoffman said, ''and
I'd wonder: 'Who's going to be next? Am I?' Then I started to write the play,
and I found that it centered me and I began to realize it was something we
needed to deal with this.''

Not everyone who watches David Summers's cabaret act at Jan Wollman's in
Greenwich Village knows the singer has AIDS. But for those who do know, and for
those with AIDS who have got strength from his remarkable energy, the songs he
has chosen for his act have special meaning: ''As the days go by I keep thinking
When does it end?  That it can't get much better much

longer.''

''I'm really proud of this act,'' said Mr. Summers, who is 32 years old and was
diagnosed last February as having AIDS. ''People who don't know I am ill are
thoroughly entertained, and people who know hear it on a different level.''

Mr. Summers has not blindly accepted the inevitability of his death. He belongs
to a therapy group at the Gay Men's Health Crisis center, sees a social worker
at Bellevue Hospital and a private therapist and works out at a gymnasium
lifting weights three times a week. He takes megadoses of vitamins, drinks wheat
grass juice and sees a psychic and a nutritionist.

Happier Than Ever

''It's strange, but I'm happier now than I've ever been,'' Mr. Summers said.
''The support groups have helped me, and they've helped my lover, Sal. He goes
to a care-partner support group at G.M.H.C., and this whole thing has really
brought us much closer. We are probably less sexual, but more intimate.''

But many people with AIDS do not have loving friends or relatives to care for
them. Some said their families lived too far away to provide solace, or
condemned them for a life style that brought on their disease.

''My mother told me it was a damnation from God,'' said David Vargas, 28, who
had never heard of AIDS when he was diagnosed in July 1982. ''My Dad and I don't
even talk since I came out of the closet. I love my family, but they cannot help
me through this.''

For Mr. Vargas, and others like him, there are the volunteers at Gay Men's
Health Crisis center, who serve as buddies, and the hospice workers at St.
Vincent's Hospital. Sister Patrice Murphy said she extended the hospice program
to people with AIDS in July 1983 after she noticed the growing number of AIDS
patients leaving the hospital alone or with companions confused and frightened
by the mysterious illness.

The fact that the Roman Catholic Church considers homosexuality a sin did not
deter Sister Patrice from her mission. ''These are sick men,'' she said. ''It
matters not to me what their sexual orientation is.''

The crushing impact of the disease has caused many changes among homosexuals
over the last four years. Many men said that they were no longer as carefree and
nonchalant in their relationships and that they refrained from the anonymous
sexual liasions that once characterized New York's homosexual community.

Drug Users' Habits

Doctors say those changes have brought about a 59 percent drop in the number of
gonorrhea cases among homosexual men in New York City. But the doctors say they
are discouraged by the lack of progress they have made in reaching intravenous
drug users and in effecting changes in their habits, such as sharing needles,
that would reduce their risk of contracting AIDS.

Many heterosexuals who contract AIDS say they feel alone, even though
organizations such as the Gay Men's Health Crisis center extend their services
to all people with AIDS.

One young woman said she was afraid to tell her friends she has AIDS ''because
people react strangely.''

''They jump back,'' the woman, 26, said in her room at Lenox Hill Hospital.
''They talk at you from a distance.''

She said that she was diagnosed last August as having AIDS and that doctors told
her that since she did not use drugs intravenously and had not received blood
transfusions, the disease was probably transmitted to her through sexual
contact. ''It is much more difficult for a woman,'' she said. ''You are much
more alone. Nobody around me understands.''

As AIDS malevolently weaves its way through the homosexual community and
increasingly the heterosexual community, it is claiming victims beyond those who
die because of a ravaged immune system. Many of the people who early on were
involved in treating and supporting people with AIDS said they were emotionally
exhausted.

''I have to steel myself to the fact that I can't care enough so that death
devastates me,'' said Mark Senak, a lawyer and vice chairman of the AIDS
Resource Center, on 18th Street, between Seventh and Eighth Avenues.

New Volunteers

Leaders of AIDS organizations said their early volunteer workers were mostly gay
men, but now many of the volunteers are the families and friends of people who
have died with AIDS.

Sandi Feinblum was working as an executive for a California computer company
last February when she came to New York to care for a friend who had AIDS.
Sitting in the Gay Men's Health Crisis offices, also on 18th Street, near Eighth
Avenue, she overheard people answering hot-line telephones. She volunteered and
later joined the staff as assistant director in charge of clinical services.

''Knowing as much as I knew, seeing it as painfully as I saw it,'' said Miss
Feinblum, whose friend died a few weeks ago, ''I never have to question how real
the crisis is and how much people like me are needed.''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: February 22, 1985, Friday, Late City Final Edition

CORRECTION:

A picture caption in Metropolitan Report yesterday with an article about AIDS
victims incorrectly described the role of Bob Sheppard. He is an employee of the
American Red Cross AIDS Home Attendant Program.

GRAPHIC: photo of David Summers (page B6); photo of Barry Davidson; photo of Bob
Sheppard and David Vargas

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             699 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Calgary Sun

                            January 29, 2017 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Hearing Aids Your Life

SECTION: ENT-SHOWBIZ; Pg. E32

LENGTH: 1070  words


You probably won't realize how precious your hearing is until you suffer hearing
loss and experience the negative effect it can have on your quality of life.
That is why so many people turn to CalgaryHearing Aid&;Audiology to diagnose a
hearing impairment and come up with the best possible solution. But successfully
dealing with hearing loss is not as easy as choosing a hearing aid off the shelf
and sending you on your way.

"The technology is very important, but also the way we fit the hearing aid, the
way we council you, the way we adjust the hearing aid during our 60 day trial
program and our unique lifetime service package ensure greater success for our
clients," says Ian Campbell, co-owner of CalgaryHearing Aid&;Audiology. Under
the guidance of Campbell and partners Dr. TerryWiebe and Dr. ColleenWiebe,
CalgaryHearing Aid&;Audiology provides specialized education, training, and a
personalized customer experience through its audiologists and hearing aid
practitioners. This expertise and client experience offers a unique professional
service in the audiology industry. One-on-One Client Service To best serve
Calgarians, the company has four fulltime clinics located atMacleodTrail, Forest
Lawn, MarketMall Professional Building and SunterraWest. For surrounding areas,
their specialized services are offered one day per week in Strathmore.

Realizing that hearing loss can reduce your quality of life, the professional
staff is attentive to your needs at every step of the process, beginning
themoment you walk through the door as the receptionist greets you. Once
greeted, you provide your general information to begin your profile. When
finished, you immediately sit down with an audiologist or hearing aid
practitioner who gathers some background on your hearing problems and creates a
case history of possible factors. The next step is a simple hearing evaluation,
which consists of a series of tests that takes about half an hour using sound
booths and the latest high tech equipment to determine the type and severity of
any hearing loss. Once you complete your assessment, the next step is where the
CalgaryHearing Aid&; Audiology experts choose the right hearing aid to meet your
unique needs.

But, that's not where the company's support ends. "Working with you, we develop
a comprehensive lifetime service andmaintenance package along with a strategic
aural rehabilitation 60-day program, which ensures success with your hearing
devices for years to come," says Campbell.

Hearing Aid Advances What's most important to the company is that you receive a
hearing aid that actually meets your needs. Due to advances in technology,
hearing aids today are so much better than those in the past and styles, such as
open fit hearing aids, can produce a more natural sound than old-style devices,
which blocked the ear channel. "For our clients, this increases their overall
quality of life, not just hearing," say Campbell. To ensure that your unique
needs aremet Calgary Hearing Aid&;Audiology carries hearing aids fromall the
major companies, including GN Resound,Oticon, Phonak, Siemens, Starkey, Unitron
andWidex. Each brand and their various models have their own advantages, so
having multiple hearing aids available is another way CalgaryHearing Aid
&;Audiology can individualize your hearing solution.

Once the proper hearing aid is selected, you undergo a professional fitting,
which is followed up by a 60- day program of aural rehabilitation. You are
actively involved every step of the way since this is about your hearing in your
life. Part of this involves returning for check ups every two weeks for the
first while so staff can assess how well the hearing aid is working for you and
make any necessary adjustments. "In fact," Campbell says, "a modern hearing aid
actually keeps track of its performance and responses while in use.We then
analyze this to help diagnose any issues, then adjust accordingly for the
individual client."

Client-Centric Focus Most important at every step of the process is customer
service. This is key in this kind of business to ensure that you aren't just
fitted with a hearing aid, but are able to look after it for its lifespan, which
is typically five - seven years, giving you a higher quality of life, with more
engagement in your surroundings. "We also offer an easy hearing aid rental
payment plan, with the cost spread out over six months with zero interest and no
service charges, to ensure that you have access to the hearing aid that meets
your lifestyle," says Campbell.

As well, CalgaryHearing Aid&;Audiology carries other hearing assisting devices,
and can look after repairs, maintenance or fittings of existing hearing aids,
and sells batteries for most models on the market. Not only is offering quality
service and a variety of hearing options core to the company, but it's about
providing the most highly trained professional staff. With this ongoing
commitment, the company most recently welcomed Alyssa Fex, Registered Clinical
Audiologist, to their staff. Dr. Fex brings a high skill set and interest in
hearing aid technology, along with successful fitting protocols for clients'
optimal hearing. Of course, what truly makes this company unique is that, as a
born-and-raised Calgarian himself, Campbell is proud CalgaryHearing Aid
&;Audiology is still locally owned and operated since 1990 in an era where so
many companies in the industry are headquartered elsewhere.

Hearing Loss Across Ages While many people associate hearing loss with old age
due to noisy environments or hereditary factors, CalgaryHearing Aid&;Audiology
is finding more and more people in their 50s and 60s with a hearing impairment.

If you, or someone you know, has difficulty following a conversation in a
crowded room, turning theTV up to a volume that others complain is too loud, or
thinking that many people around you are constantly mumbling, the best thing you
can do is come in for hearing test. This will either confirm that you do require
a 60 day trial program with modern hearing aids or we can adjust the hearing
aids you already have to maximize their potential.We can make sure your ears are
just not plugged with wax or refer you to a doctor if necessary, either way you
won't be wondering what to do.

For more information on Calgary Hearing Aid &; Audiology, please visit
calgaryhearingaid.com. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2017 Sun Media Corporation. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2017 Calgary Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                             700 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The New Nation (Bangladesh)

                             August 14, 2015 Friday

Humanitarian agencies should not ignore mental health of their staff

LENGTH: 853 words

DATELINE: Dhaka


Dhaka, Aug. 14 -- Aid worker casualties are horrific: 2,913 nationals and 544
internationals were affected by attacks since 2000. Regrettably, there will be
more. After my 16 years of aid work it is not remarkable that I know colleagues
who have been killed.Hidden behind these numbers are the families of aid workers
who have been killed. What happens to them?

Many of them disappear from our collective consciousness. Many aid workers who
are harmed, especially nationals and volunteers, don't have insurance or
invalidity coverage. If they do, I doubt it is adequate.Recently, a colleague
approached me with a yellow envelope collecting donations for a UN contractor
who had been killed, leaving behind a wife and children. Contractors are not
insured, hence the envelope. On one hand I was glad that we were doing
something; on the other hand I was stunned. Really? The welfare of a widow and
her children depended, in part, on my generosity, a UN staff member?Casualties
are just part of the problem. What happens to the thousands of aid workers
exposed to the stress of humanitarian work? For every aid worker casualty, there
are many more near misses. And, if we're not exposed directly to the trauma of
conflict, aid workers experience it through our daily work. Victims transfer
this trauma to colleagues. Walls are built; emotions suppressed.The Antares
Foundation found that 30% of aid workers report symptoms of post-traumatic
stress disorder (PTSD) after field assignments. A 2013 study by UNHCR showed
that 47% of staff experienced difficulty sleeping; 57% reported symptoms of
"sadness, unhappiness, or emptiness".Another study by the Antares Foundation
shows that 46% to 80% of national aid workers experience symptoms of distress.
In northern Uganda, over 50% of national aid workers experienced five or more
categories of traumatic events. Respondents reported symptoms associated with
depression, anxiety disorders, and PTSD.Studies of soldiers show that
post-traumatic stress can be cumulative and manifests itself years later. Aid
workers can experience similar levels of stress to those of soldiers; without
the support some forces provide.Before I went to Iraq the UN checked my physical
health, but not my mental wellness. Few aid agencies test the mental fitness of
their staff; fewer have a comprehensive approach to wellbeing and senior
managers rarely acknowledge the stress of aid work. We never talk about suicide
rates among aid workers.A colleague told me he felt isolated after being wounded
in an attack a few years ago. There were no messages from senior managers; no
acknowledgment of what he had gone through. Human resources advised him not to
tell anyone about his depression, and to make sure that his medical certificate
was from a GP, not a psychiatrist. Better to be hurt on the outside, where
people can see it.Sadly this story is not an isolated one. Post-traumatic stress
and depression are reality for many aid workers. When I experienced burnout a
few years ago, I did not tell my employer. I felt at the time it would have
ended my career; much better to have leukaemia.The humanitarian sector has not
been entirely idle when looking at this issue. Ten aid agencies signed up to the
People in Aid Code, and another 40 stated a "desire to continuously improve
their HR and people management skills". However, this represents but a fraction
of the aid world. Research has found that even when aid agencies establish
wellness mechanisms, many aid workers find the care inadequate. A real concern
of many is the fear that if they report their mental health issues, it will harm
their careers and reputations.In a recent Irin article about aid worker
casualties Ben Parker asks "how do you honour the sacrifices of aid workers
without appearing to value them more than those they serve?" Maybe the answer is
to recognise that people are central to the achievement of our mission.The May
2016 World Humanitarian Summit presents aid agencies with a unique opportunity
to recognise that investing in their staff will reshape aid. I am petitioning
the summit, calling on the UN to prioritise staff wellbeing in five ways:1.
Invest systematically in caring for the physical, mental and psychological
welfare of their staff.2. Establish a mechanism to ensure all aid workers have
access to adequate support in the event of illness or injury, particularly for
national aid workers.3. Support the Core Humanitarian Standard.4. Support the
establishment of a Global Humanitarian Association to advocate for the rights of
aid workers and their families globally.5. Establish a mechanism for tracking
the well being of current and former aid workers, including contractors and
volunteers and national staff.Improving the wellness of aid workers is a
pressing task. No matter what aid commitments emerge from the World Humanitarian
Summit, aid workers cannot serve well unless we are well.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The New Nation. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The New Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             701 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                             July 9, 2015 Thursday

Many choices in hearing-aid range

SECTION: ADVERTISING; NATIONAL; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 275 words


Hearing Aid Specialists has access to more than three hundred models of hearing
aids from a wide range of manufacturers.

Choice of hearing aid is determined by individual needs, including budget. The
idea that one size fits all and the most expensive aid is the best is NOT the
case.

On a daily basis, the clinic hears stories from patients who have been quoted
$10,000 for a pair of hearing aids. Typically, in this clinic, patients derive
enormous benefit from hearing aids costing around $3000 - $4000 a pair. For
those who request absolute top-end aids, costs range from $6000 - $7000 a pair.
The cost depends on the level of technology, degree of hearing loss and personal
factors such as home, social and work environments.

Here are some realistic expectations:

Hearing aids are able to reduce background noise but not eliminate it no matter
how much the hearing aids cost.

Hearing aids greatly improve the clarity of speech from friends, family and TV,
but do not match natural hearing.

The most expensive aid is not necessarily the best choice. Choice depends on
need.

Design of digital aids has resulted in most aids being discreet and streamlined.

Government funding is available and includes a subsidy of $1022.22 for a pair of
aids. War veterans who are approved clients have fully funded hearing aids and
ACC clients routinely contribute no additional funding to the cost of aids.

Hearing plays an important role in everyday living. It brings conversation,
stimulates thoughts and keeps us in the company of others.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Modern hearing aids are barely visible in the ear but are vastly more efficient
than their predecessors.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             702 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 11, 2015 Wednesday

Louisiana: Financial Aid Officer

LENGTH: 566  words

DATELINE: Baton Rouge


Department of State Civil Service, The state of Louisiana has issued the
following job vacancy:

Job Title:  Financial Aid Officer
Agency:  Louisiana Technical College-NonISIS
Opening Date:  Mon. 03/09/15
Closing Date/Time:  Mon. 03/16/15 11:59 PM Central Time
State Salary Range:  $14.90 - $15.87 hourly
$31,000.00 - $33,000.00 annually
Agency Hiring Range:  Min:   Max:
Job Type:  Unclassified
Location:  Shreveport, Louisiana


Print Job Information | Apply


Qualifications  Benefits  Supplemental Questions

800x600

Qualifications and Experience to apply:

Qualifications include a minimum of a Bachelor's Degree, and (3) three years'
experience related to the position summary.


 Supplemental Information:
Please submit a resume, and copy of transcript(s) to:

Northwest Louisiana Technical College

9500 Industrial Drive

Minden, LA  71055

Attn:  Human Resources

Or fax: 318-371-3325

Email: ambersaunders@nwltc.edu

Resumes and transcript(s) will be accepted until position is filled.  All
applicants are subject to a background check.  For additional information,
please call (318) 371-3035 x1221.

Louisiana Technical College is an Equal Opportunity Employer


 Job Concepts:

The Financial Aid Officer will perform a wide variety of duties under the
direction of the Director of Student Services.

·        Ensures financial aid programs utilizing public and/or private funds
are capably administered and accurately documented

·        Ensures student financial aid is processed efficiently and meets all
local, state, and/or federal regulations

·        Ensures the preservation and security of student financial aid records

·        Coordinates financial aid payments with other agencies (i.e.,
Vocational Rehabilitation, VA, GED, and etc.).

·        Preparation and processing of financial aid applications

·        Provides individual counseling to assist students in assessing their
need for financial aid

·        Maintains financial aid student record system

·        Maintains appropriate and current information for students on financial
aid and other resource information

·        Compiles research in areas of financial aid received by students when
necessary

·        Executes all state and federal guidelines for student financial aid


 Examples of Work:

The Financial Aid Officer will perform a wide variety of duties under the
direction of the Director of Student Services.

·        Ensures financial aid programs utilizing public and/or private funds
are capably administered and accurately documented

·        Ensures student financial aid is processed efficiently and meets all
local, state, and/or federal regulations

·        Ensures the preservation and security of student financial aid records

·        Coordinates financial aid payments with other agencies (i.e.,
Vocational Rehabilitation, VA, GED, and etc.).

·        Preparation and processing of financial aid applications

·        Provides individual counseling to assist students in assessing their
need for financial aid

·        Maintains financial aid student record system

·        Maintains appropriate and current information for students on financial
aid and other resource information

·        Compiles research in areas of financial aid received by students when
necessary

·        Executes all state and federal guidelines for student financial aid

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             703 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 10, 2015 Tuesday

Louisiana: Financial Aid Officer

LENGTH: 567  words

DATELINE: Baton Rouge


Department of State Civil Service, The state of Louisiana has issued the
following job vacancy:

Job Title:  Financial Aid Officer
Agency:  Louisiana Technical College-NonISIS
Opening Date:  Mon. 03/09/15
Closing Date/Time:  Mon. 03/16/15 11:59 PM Central Time
State Salary Range:  $14.90 - $15.87 hourly
$31,000.00 - $33,000.00 annually
Agency Hiring Range:  Min:   Max:
Job Type:  Unclassified
Location:  Shreveport, Louisiana


Print Job Information | Apply


Qualifications  Benefits  Supplemental Questions

800x600

Qualifications and Experience to apply:

Qualifications include a minimum of a Bachelor's Degree, and (3) three years'
experience related to the position summary.


 Supplemental Information:
Please submit a resume, and copy of transcript(s) to:

Northwest Louisiana Technical College

9500 Industrial Drive

Minden, LA  71055

Attn:  Human Resources

Or fax: 318-371-3325

Email: ambersaunders@nwltc.edu

Resumes and transcript(s) will be accepted until position is filled.  All
applicants are subject to a background check.  For additional information,
please call (318) 371-3035 x1221.

Louisiana Technical College is an Equal Opportunity Employer


 Job Concepts:

The Financial Aid Officer will perform a wide variety of duties under the
direction of the Director of Student Services.

·        Ensures financial aid programs utilizing public and/or private funds
are capably administered and accurately documented

·        Ensures student financial aid is processed efficiently and meets all
local, state, and/or federal regulations

·        Ensures the preservation and security of student financial aid records

·        Coordinates financial aid payments with other agencies (i.e.,
Vocational Rehabilitation, VA, GED, and etc.).

·        Preparation and processing of financial aid applications

·        Provides individual counseling to assist students in assessing their
need for financial aid

·        Maintains financial aid student record system

·        Maintains appropriate and current information for students on financial
aid and other resource information

·        Compiles research in areas of financial aid received by students when
necessary

·        Executes all state and federal guidelines for student financial aid


 Examples of Work:

The Financial Aid Officer will perform a wide variety of duties under the
direction of the Director of Student Services.

·        Ensures financial aid programs utilizing public and/or private funds
are capably administered and accurately documented

·        Ensures student financial aid is processed efficiently and meets all
local, state, and/or federal regulations

·        Ensures the preservation and security of student financial aid records

·        Coordinates financial aid payments with other agencies (i.e.,
Vocational Rehabilitation, VA, GED, and etc.).

·        Preparation and processing of financial aid applications

·        Provides individual counseling to assist students in assessing their
need for financial aid

·        Maintains financial aid student record system

·        Maintains appropriate and current information for students on financial
aid and other resource information

·        Compiles research in areas of financial aid received by students when
necessary

·        Executes all state and federal guidelines for student financial aid

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             704 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 27, 2014 Thursday

Financial Aid Specialist

LENGTH: 921  words


Washington, D.C.: American Bankers Association has issued the following Job
release


Financial Aid Specialist
Job ID:  21371060
Position Title:  Financial Aid Specialist
Company Name:  CSU, Channel Islands
Industry:  Financial Aid Administration
Location(s):  Camarillo, California, 93012, United States

Posted:  November 26, 2014
Job Function:  Customer Service
Entry Level:  Yes
Job Type:  Full-Time
Salary:  $35,856.00 - $50,472.00 (Yearly Salary)
APPLY FOR THIS JOB

Contact Person:  Applicant must apply online at the CSUCI Employment Website
Apply URL:  https://www.csucijobs.com/applicants/jsp/shared/fr...
Save Job  Email Job  Print Job
Job Description

Purpose of Position / Job Function:

Assists in providing administrative support for the financial aid department and
is responsible for financial aid inquires at the front counter. These tasks will
include significant amounts of student contact and the consistent application of
Federal, State and Institutional Financial Aid policies to insure program
compliance, integrity and sound fiscal procedure.

General Responsibilities:

Assists in providing the highest level of quality service regarding financial
aid inquiries to students, parents, former students, staff, and faculty and will
assist in the delivery of federal, state, private, and institutional financial
aid to students on an annual basis. Disseminates complex information in-person,
by phone and email, regarding the financial aid application process and
eligibility for federal, state, and institutional student aid programs. Provides
information on availability of funds and eligibility requirements. Responsible
for maintaining the organization and appearance of the Financial Aid &
Scholarships reception area to ensure that it provides an atmosphere that is
professional and welcoming to a diverse population of students, parents, staff,
and faculty. Responsible for accuracy, clarity and thoroughness of forms
submitted at the counter and notification of students regarding problems with
their financial aid documents. With guidance from the financial aid counselors
and Director, completes complex verification procedures, using the students ISIR
and IRS Tax Transcript forms for students selected by the Central processing
System (CPS) or by the counselors. Performs a variety of administrative support
tasks under the guidance of financial aid counselors to assist with coordination
of specific student aid programs including data entry, data retrieval, fund
reconciliation, researching student information utilizing various student aid
databases including WebGrants, Common Origination and Disbursement (COD), NSLDS,
ELM and FAA Access to CPS Online. Assists the Assistant Director of Financial
Aid & Scholarships in conducting ongoing training activities to ensure that
student assistants are providing accurate and current information regarding
financial aid programs, eligibility requirements, and the application process.
Maintains procedures to track the volume of activities including walk-in
statistics, e-mail volume and phone inquiries and provides report to Director as
needed. Works collaboratively with Financial Aid & Scholarships staff to ensure
that information is disseminated accurately and quality services are provided in
a seamless, transparent referral process. Utilizes discretion, judgment,
innovation, and attention to detail when completing projects. Responsibilities
will vary on a daily basis consistent with the demands in the area of Financial
Aid. Assists in providing customer service to students, parents and answering
questions pertaining to financial aid inquiries. Performs additional related
duties as assigned.
Job Requirements

Equivalent to two years of progressively responsible general clerical experience
in a college and/or university financial aid office. Interaction with financial
aid counselors, students and university staff, which requires the ability to be
courteous, personable, and discreet. Duties will change frequently and sometimes
without advance notice, flexibility is essential as well as the ability to be
productive under some degree of stress. Must be detail-orientated and successful
at retaining information, and the ability to handle changes in duties and
responsibilities within the scope of this position. Necessary skills include
basic knowledge of University infrastructure, polices, and procedures;
fundamental verbal and writing skills to effectively communicate information;
the ability to use standard office equipment and software applications;
fundamental writing and presentation skills to effectively communicate standard
information; and the ability to respond to routine inquires and explain standard
policies and procedures to others. Familiarity with modern office technology (MS
Word, MS Excel, PowerPoint) is essential as well as working knowledge of the
electronic processes used in Financial Aid. These include but are not limited to
Common Origination and Disbursement (COD), FAA Access to CPS Online, National
Student Loan Data System (NSLDS), and WebGrants, and Electronic Loan Management
(ELM) System.

The person holding this position is considered a 'mandated reporter' under the
California Child Abuse and Neglect Reporting Act and is required to comply with
the requirements set forth in CSU Executive Order 1083 as a condition of
employment.

PeopleSoft knowledge is highly desired but not required.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             705 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           December 22, 2013, Sunday

g;
Special Report - The Meth Menace;
DEA EYES RITE AID STORES 'Questionable' sales of cold medications target of
federal inquiry

BYLINE: Eric Eyre, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1A

LENGTH: 809 words


The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration is investigating West Virginia Rite Aid
stores and their sales of cold medications used to make methamphetamine in
clandestine labs.

"Rite Aid is aware of an investigation and is fully cooperating with the
government," said Ashley Flower, a Rite Aid spokeswoman.

The DEA's Tactical Diversion Unit recently requested scores of records from the
West Virginia Board of Pharmacy dating back to 2006. The electronic records
document Rite Aid's sales of pseudoephedrine, a key meth-making ingredient.

"They asked for historical data. It was a lot of information," said Mike Goff, a
pharmacy board administrator who oversees the state's controlled-substance
monitoring program. "They apparently found some questionable Sudafed sales."

The DEA requested the Rite Aid sales data last month, after The Charleston
Gazette reported that several Rite Aid stores were among the top sellers of
pseudoephedrine products in West Virginia. Pseudoephedrine is sold under brand
names such as Sudafed and Allegra D.

Rite Aid's Kanawha City store has sold more than 7,000 boxes of pseudoephedrine
this year, the second-highest total in the state, according to an electronic
tracking system data. For several months, the Kanawha City Rite Aid was selling
six times the number of boxes of pseudoephedrine as a CVS pharmacy in the same
neighborhood four blocks away.

The South Charleston Rite Aid ranks fourth in pseudoephedrine sales in West
Virginia this year, with more than 6,900 boxes sold.

Rite Aid stores in Belle and on Charleston's West Side also rank in the top 10.
The Cross Lanes Rite Aid had the 11th-highest pseudoephedrine sales total.

Rite Aid, which has 104 stores in West Virginia, sold more 123,500 boxes of
pseudoephedrine, more than any other pharmacy in the state this year. Walmart's
37 stores in West Virginia have sold 104,000 boxes.

Last year, a former Rite Aid pharmacist told a legislative committee that the
chain drugstore awarded bonuses to pharmacists in West Virginia based on
pseudoephedrine sales. Pharmacists alleged that Rite Aid dedicated specific cash
registers for sales of the cold medicine. Rite Aid has denied the allegations.

"Rite Aid does not award bonuses to pharmacists or pharmacy techs based on
pseudoephedrine sales," Flower said. "Rite Aid does provide bonuses to
pharmacists based upon overall store performance metrics."

David Potters, executive director of the state pharmacy board, said DEA agents
didn't disclose what allegations they're investigating.

"I knew the DEA was looking for some things," Potters said, "but I don't know
what they're specifically looking for."

A DEA spokesman responded to a request for comment but provided no information
about the Rite Aid investigation in West Virginia.

Mahantech Corp., a company that works for the pharmacy board, downloaded Rite
Aid's pseudoephedrine sales records - taken from a database called "RxData Track
PSE" - onto a data-storage device. The information was handed over to special
agents from the DEA's Charleston field office. The pharmacy board used the
Mahantech software to track pseudoephedrine purchases before switching over to a
new drug-industry-funded system called the National Precursor Log Exchange, or
NPLEx.

In early November, Rite Aid announced that its West Virginia stores had stopped
selling cold medications such as Sudafed 12 Hour and Sudafed 24 Hour, which have
pseudoephedrine as their only active ingredient. Meth cooks demand the
single-ingredient medications because they produce potent methamphetamine
without byproducts. Rite Aid stores still stock cold medications, such as
Claritin-D, that combine pseudoephedrine with other drugs.

Law enforcement authorities and health advocates praised the company for the
decision.

After the change, Rite Aid's pseudoephedrine sales in West Virginia dropped 37
percent between September and November. Last month's statewide sales dropped by
half, compared to January, according to NPLEx data.

Some Rite Aid pharmacists started addressing the problem before the chain
drugstore's corporate office directive, sales data suggest. In March, for
instance, the Rite Aid on Charleston's East End reported 826 pseudoephedrine
transactions - the third-highest-selling store in West Virginia that month. In
September, the East End Rite Aid sold 17 boxes, and in October, just 14 boxes.

That particular Rite Aid store then stopped selling pseudoephedrine products,
except for Zephrex-D, a tamper-resistant version that can't be converted to
meth.

Rite Aid stores also now limit customers' pseudoephedrine purchases to one box
per visit.

"Rite Aid takes the sale of products containing pseudoephedrine seriously,"
Flower said. "We are committed to taking appropriate action to help address the
methamphetamine problem in West Virginia."

Reach Eric Eyre at ericeyre@wvgazette.com or 304-348-4869.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Charleston Newspapers


                             706 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Guardian.com.

                              June 21, 2013 Friday

Should more foreign aid be spent locally?

BYLINE: Jonathan Glennieguardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 847 words

ABSTRACT

Jonathan Glennie: Is giving aid to institutions in recipient countries riskier
than handing cash to international NGOs and companies?

FULL TEXT

Should more aid money be directed to organisations and institutions in the
recipient countries, rather than via international NGOs and companies? Even
though some progress has been made since untying aid became a core part of the
Paris aid effectiveness agenda, vast amounts are still given to organisations
based in donor, not recipient, countries.

Whether they are technical consultants, or implementers of large-scale services,
the complaint has been that bypassing local systems means they remain poorly
developed. While short-term results may be achieved, is long-term institutional
development being sacrificed?

That's the issue we have been trying to solve at the Overseas Development
Institute (ODI) over the past year as part of our localising aid research
programme, which I have led and USAid has funded. The final papers will be
launched next week in Washington, with a public event in London in July.

The Paris agenda was mostly concerned with the "use of country systems" by
donors, but it was never entirely clear what that meant. And the
almost-exclusive focus on government institutions, while understandable after
decades of neglect, was nevertheless an unhelpful straitjacket - what about the
private sector and civil society, key pillars in any developing society? If it
is true, as claimed, that using state systems can help strengthen them, might it
not also be the case that these other sectors would benefit similarly from
localised aid?

We decided to cut through the ambiguity with a new category, "localised aid", by
which we simply mean money going to national rather than international entities,
be they in the state, private or civil society sectors.

In the reports, we provide ideas on how to localise aid successfully, and we
challenge the notion that localising aid is necessarily more risky than
alternatives - it depends how you define risk.

But perhaps our most salient message is that the evidence behind the push to
localise aid is not as strong as some people might think. It's not that aid
shouldn't be localised - in many contexts, much more aid should reach national
organisations and ministries because localising aid can lead to systemic
strengthening, in all three sectors we studied. But there is little evidence
that changes will produce the decisive shift in impact that some hope for, and
there is evidence that other ways of giving aid, including parallel projects,
can produce positive outcomes.

One of the dangers in the world of aid is the constant invention (and sometimes
reinvention) of mechanisms that development practitioners convince themselves
will overcome the perennial challenges and problems associated with delivery.
For example, a decade or so ago budget support was hailed by some as the answer
to blockages, while today cash on delivery is similarly feted.

But our reports show that the factors that make up successful development
interventions are complex and political, involving trade-offs and wise decisions
from thoughtful decision-makers - don't expect rulebooks.

Our equivocation over the impact of localising aid is likely to perplex, and
possibly surprise, some developing countries, as well as donors such as USAid,
which are setting out to localise a higher proportion of aid.

But they will be mollified by our argument that donors should generally be
increasing the proportion of their aid that is localised. Is that a
contradiction? No. In many situations, localising aid is the most useful for
strengthening systems, and current levels of localised aid are far lower than
would be expected if donors were planning optimally. That implies that most
donors should localise more aid.

Furthermore, and surprisingly for some, we found that localised aid is likely to
play a positive role even in the most "fragile" situations (where weak
institutions are more common), as well as in middle-income countries (where
donor relationships are less dominant). There are only a handful of countries
where localising aid won't work - donors should stop looking for excuses and get
their hands dirty.

There was a time when supporters of specific ways of distributing aid would line
up against advocates of other approaches to battle out the evidence. But our
research recognises the usefulness of manifold approaches, each with pros and
cons for different situations.

Our findings challenge one of the implications of the Paris list of aid
effectiveness to-dos - there may not be one strategy to improve aid
effectiveness after all. Long-term objectives, including system-strengthening,
may sometimes be in conflict with short-term results. Trade-offs exist and
compromises need to be made. It all depends what donors are trying to achieve,
and in which countries.

While our research does not provide the clear-cut answers that many crave, it is
commensurate with the evidence and with a new era of aid and development in
which flexibility will be a premium attribute for success.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies
                              All Rights Reserved
                  Registered in England and Wales. No. 908396
   Registered office: PO Box 68164, Kings Place, 90 York Way, London N1P 2AP


                             707 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Derby Evening Telegraph

                            January 28, 2013 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Hundreds of you have already come forward to learn vital first aid but we need
even more;
The Derby Telegraph and St John Ambulance have teamed up to encourage readers to
learn first aid - as part of our Save a Life campaign. Carl Makins, the
charity's delivery co-ordinator for schools and community training, explains why
training is so important.

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 899 words


SADLY, too many people still die today when first aid could help them to live.

St John Ambulance wants to change people's misconceptions about first aid and
prevent unnecessary deaths - by encouraging more people to learn vital
life-saving skills. Nothing is more rewarding than the ability to save a life.
But research found less than one in five Derby people know even the basic skills
to make a difference between a life lost and saved.

People are going to great lengths to improve their lifestyles - for example by
changing their diet, giving up smoking and increasing the amount of exercise
they do.

But, when it comes to first aid, it is taken far less seriously - with only 3%
of people downloading a first aid app or watching instructional videos online.

But both of these are readily available for free and could easily help them save
a life. Our research also shows people tend not to learn first aid because they
think it is time-consuming - or it is simply not a priority for them.

Indeed almost two-fifths of people admitted it would take something as severe as
the death of a loved one to make them learn first aid.

This has got to change if we are to stop up to 140,000 lives from being lost
across the country each year.

As the nation's leading first-aid charity, we teach more people first aid than
any other organisation. We teach young people in schools and through our youth
programmes, we teach employees for their workplaces and we teach people in the
community. Our volunteers also provide first aid at events, act as first
responders to NHS emergency calls in the community or support their local
ambulance service.

Our trained and equipped volunteers are a familiar and reassuring sight at many
public events - helping people receive crucial first aid when they need it.

Volunteers like James Sharman, from Derbyshire, who saved a colleague's life
when she suffered a severe allergic reaction whilst out for a meal. And Keith
Cokayne, who recently retired after 60 years and attended around 2,500 matches
at Derby County Football Club. First aid is simple to learn and it can be the
difference between life and death. That's why we are so pleased to be part of
the Derby Telegraph's Save a Life campaign.

More than 250 readers have already joined us on Essential First Aid courses as a
result of this campaign - this is a fantastic amount and we are so pleased
people are taking the time to learn these vital life-saving skills.

St John Ambulance and the Derby Telegraph, through the campaign, are reminding
people it only takes a couple of hours to learn to save a life - and we are
offering readers the chance to learn first aid at a discounted rate.

There are two courses on offer through this campaign - a two-hour Essential
First Aid Course for £10 and an Essential First Aid All Ages course for £15.

I have been teaching first aid for nearly 20 years and there have been countless
examples of people who have attended our courses and then used their skills to
save a life - many of which have been shared through the Save a Life campaign.

One boy we trained was able to save the life of his father when he collapsed and
stopped breathing.

His mother told us that, if the boy had not been there and known what to do, his
father would not be alive today. Words cannot express how much that meant to the
family, and to us.

On another occasion, I was running a community roadshow at Carsington Water when
a woman and her husband came over to me.

She remembered me because I had trained her 18 months previously on a Community
First Aid course. She told me she had woken up one morning and her husband
suddenly collapsed in the bedroom doorway. She rang the ambulance and checked to
see if he was breathing - he wasn't.

She delivered CPR (cardiopulmonary resuscitation) and the ambulance crews
arrived and used their defibrillator.

Her husband went on to make a full recovery.

People may not think that learning first aid is a priority - but just think of
the reassurance of knowing you have the skills to help someone close to you if
needed in an emergency.

By taking three hours out of your time, and £15 out of your pocket, it's a small
price for the life of a loved one.

And, for workplaces - where first aid is often seen as fulfilling a legislative
requirement rather than a necessary life skill - we can help employers ensure
they have first-aid cover on site.

Our message is first aid is simple to learn and there are many ways you can do
it - St John Ambulance regularly runs community and workplace first aid courses,
we have a first-aid app which is free to download, first aid videos and a game
on our website or you can text HELP to 80039 for a free first-aid guide. We will
also be running community roadshows across Derbyshire throughout the year.

To find out more about St John Ambulance, to sign up for a first-aid course or
to join as a volunteer, call 08700 10 49 50 or visit www.sja.org.uk.

You can have your say on this story by commenting online at
www.thisisderbyshire.co.uk HOW READERS CAN BECOME LIFE-SAVERS THE Derby
Telegraph is hoping to reach thousands of readers with its Save A Life Campaign.

We have teamed up with St John Ambulance to offer you the chance to learn first
aid at a discounted rate. There are two courses on offer.

Prices start at £10, with fees normally starting at £25. To book a place, call
01246 200272, mention your voucher and take it with you.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: St John Ambulance trains people to learn first aid which can mean the
difference between life and death. Below, Carl Makins.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DET


                     Copyright 2013 Derby Evening Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved


                             708 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Times (South Africa)

                            December 09, 2011 Friday
                                   E1 Edition

Save the TAC by releasing R6.5m in trapped funding

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 1002 words


We, the undersigned, are civil society groups from around the world committed to
the fight against HIV/Aids and related social justice movements.

We have learnt that the Treatment Action Campaign (TAC) will face closure next
month unless it receives R6.5 million in payment owed by the Department of
Health as part of a five-year grant from the Global Fund to Fight Aids,
Tuberculosis and Malaria (the Global Fund) to South Africa.

The TAC is an influential and effective activist movement known around the
world. In SA it has helped to save and better millions of people's lives while
deepening democracy and defending and advancing human rights. Today the TAC
faces a real threat of closure due to a funding crisis that is not of its own
making.

A large portion of TAC's work depends on a five-year grant from the Global Fund.
The TAC is one of the sub-recipients of that grant.

In July, the TAC was scheduled to receive a R6.5m tranche of funding ($760 000).
However, the payment of the tranche to the TAC - and all other sub-recipients -
continues to be delayed.

This delay is jeopardising the TAC's vital work but it is just the tip of the
iceberg; numerous other sub-recipients do vital HIV and tuberculosis work with
this grant, such as the HIV and tuberculosis literacy series produced for
television by Community Media Trust, among many others.

TAC now faces an acute cash flow crisis. Unless the tranche due is paid to TAC
by the first week of January, one of the most effective Aids activist
organisations in the world will go into an unsustainable deficit in February.
This means the TAC would have to retrench all its staff and close offices at the
end of January.

All of the TAC's essential work - from life-saving HIV treatment literacy to
groundbreaking litigation in South African courts and much more - is at risk of
coming to an abrupt end if the Global Fund does not fulfil its commitments.

As a grant-funded organisation the TAC cannot afford to run a deficit, despite
the fact that through the support of other donors it is otherwise solvent and
spending according to agreed budgets and work-plans.

Besides the fact that more than 230 activist organisers will lose their income,
the closure of TAC would be a setback for South African democracy.

We call on the director-general of the Department of Health, Precious Matsotso;
the Global Fund executive director, Professor Michel Kazatchkine; and the Global
Fund director of country programmes, Mark Edington, to urgently finalise the
next tranche of funding and ensure all sub-recipients are paid as soon as
possible.

A Brave New Day, US; ACT UP New York; ACT UP Philadelphia; Act V: The End of
Aids; Africa Japan Forum; Aids Action Baltimore, US; Aids Action Mississippi,
US; Aids and Society Research Unit, South Africa; Aids Community Research
Initiative of America; Aids Foundation of Chicago; Aids Policy Project; Aids
Project Los Angeles; Aids Project Worcester, Massachusetts, US; Aids Treatment
News; All-Ukrainian Network of PLWHA, Ukraine; Allies Linked for the Prevention
of HIV/Aids; American Medical Student Association; Amfar, The Foundation for
Aids Research; Asia Catalyst, US; Asia Pacific Network of People Living with
HIV/Aids; Avac: Global Advocacy for HIV Prevention; Canadian Aids Society;
Canadian HIV/Aids Legal Network; Canadian Treatment Action Council; Catholics
for Choice; Center for HIV Law and Policy, US; Centre for Human Rights and
Rehabilitation, Malawi; Chicago Women's Aids Project, US; Council for the
Advancement of the South African Constitution; Dean and Church Council of
Anglican St George's Cathedral in Cape Town; Democracy Development Programme,
South Africa; Dominica Dhakwa, Lilongwe, Malawi; Eastern Europe and Central Asia
Union of PLWHA; Empower India; Equal Education, South Africa; FISS-MST/SIDA,
Cameroon; Gaia Vaccine Foundation; Gambian Treatment Action Group; Global Health
Advocates, France; Global Hepatitis Prevention Initiative; Global Network of
People living with HIV; Health Gap (Global Access Project); Heroes Project,
India; HIV Prevention Justice Alliance; HIV Young Leaders Fund; Housing Works;
Howard Brown Health Center; Human Rights Watch, US; International Aids Vaccine
Initiative; Institute for Security Studies, South Africa; International Civil
Society Support; International Community of Women Living with HIV/Aids;
International Community of Women Living with HIV/Aids in Zimbabwe; International
Council of Aids Service Organisations; International Council of Jewish Women;
International Treatment Preparedness Coalition; International Women's Health
Coalition; International Rectal Microbicide Advocates; Lean on Me, Kenya; Legal
Resources Centre, South Africa; Levi Strauss Foundation; Michigan Positive
Action Coalition; National Council of Jewish Women, US; Ndifuna Ukwazi (Dare to
Know), South Africa; Northern Colorado Aids Project, Colorado, US; Okaloosa Aids
Support & Informational Services; Open Arms of Minnesota, US; Partnership
Project, US; Planeta Salud, Spain; PotoFanm+Fi, US and Haiti; Presbyterian Aids
Network, US; Project Inform, US; PWA Coalition Colorado, US; Results Canada;
Salud por Derecho, Spain; Senderos AsociaciÃ³n Mutual, Colombia; Shikaya, South
Africa; Social Equality Leadership School, South Africa; Social Justice
Coalition, South Africa; Stop Aids Campaign, UK; Stop Aids Now!, The
Netherlands; Students for Law and Social Justice, South Africa; Support Public
Broadcasting, South Africa; Test Positive Aware Network, US; The Global Youth
Coalition on HIV/Aids; The Salamander Trust; The Woodhull Sexual Freedom
Alliance; The World Foundation for Medical Research and Prevention;|Ti-chee
Native Aids Service Agency; Treatment Action Group (TAG); Treatment Advocacy and
Literacy Campaign, Zambia; Universities Allied for Essential Medicines; Visions
for Nigeria Foundation; Vocal-NY, US; WE-ACTx, Rwanda; Women and Law In Southern
Africa Research and Education Trust, Zimbabwe; World Aids Campaign; Zambia Aids
Law Research & Advocacy Network.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             709 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Citizen (Dar es Salaam)

                            October 6, 2011 Thursday

Commending Us for 'Spending Aid Wisely' a Backhanded Compliment [opinion]

BYLINE: Peter Nyanje

LENGTH: 713  words


There are times when one gets praise that borders on insult. In my opinion,
recent accolades showered on Tanzania and Rwanda, ostensibly because the two
countries are careful spenders of aid money are an insult of sorts.

The Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) survey in 78
countries and territories that get most of the aid found out that the two east
Africa countries put the aid money into good use. Both scored A, when they were
measured against other aid recipients.

It is a good idea to make good use of assistance. What is unbecoming, however,
is that the OECD survey exposes how aid dependent our countries are. The donors
have reached a point where they even carry out surveys to gauge who has been
using their money wisely and who has not!

When I read the report, I remembered that good Zambian lady, Dr Dambisa Moyo and
her book - Dead Aid. Those who have read the book must be wondering why our
African leaders fail to implement some of the suggestions contained therein.

In the book, Dr Moyo doesn't only criticise Africa and the Western world for
making the continent aid dependent, but also provides suggestions on what should
be done to remove Africa from that vicious cycle of aid dependence.

In her book, the Zambian lady argues that in the past half century, aid has
continued to flow to Africa with a little positive impact. In fact, in some
cases, aid has made Africa poorer.

She draws examples from some countries, which have refused to look at aid as
their major form of financing their budgets. She argues that the economies of
such countries have improved more than where aid is regarded as a panacea for
economic, social and sometimes political problems.

Ms Moyo illustrates how over-reliance on aid has trapped developing nations in a
vicious circle of aid dependency, corruption, market distortion, and further
poverty, leaving them with nothing but the "need" for more aid.

But, as stated earlier, she doesn't only criticise. In the book, she also
outlines a bold new roadmap for financing development of the world's poorest
countries that guarantees economic growth and a significant decline in poverty -
without reliance on foreign aid or aid-related assistance.

It is amazing that in our destitute situation, no country has seen sense to put
into practice what Dr Moyo offers. Instead, we have continued to look West for
more aid.

As if they have not read Dr Moyo's book, African leaders continue to list a
myriad of factors they purport are the causes of their miseries. None of those
factors touch on the falsity of aid dependence. Our leaders have actually
'legalised' aid as one form of development strategy.

When I read the report saying Tanzania and Rwanda have topped the list of best
aid users, I asked myself what if Rwanda and Tanzania had decided to put into
good use their abundant resources? It is then I came to realise how disservice
OECD has been to us.

Instead of looking at the overall expenditure in the 78 countries, the
organisation chose to only look at aid money. Had they looked at expenditures in
their entirety, they would have realised how tax money is plundered in our
countries.

Aid money is just a fraction of the budget by Tanzania, for instance. General
Budget Support partners gave Tanzania a total of $531 million in the 2010/11
financial year, representing 6.4 per cent of the government's budget. This means
that a good part of it is financed by the taxes paid by locals. Are donors
concerned about how this money is also used?

Just like Dr Moyo says in her book, if the rich were interested in Africa's
overall development, they would have also shown concern on how we run our
affairs. The fact that they are only concerned on how their money is spent is
another testimony that they are using the aid cash for purposes other than
assisting our continent.

Our leaders need to reverse the trend. Instead of depending on aid to the extent
that benchmarks are set on how we spend it, we should introduce measures to
bring about an increase in self-reliance.

And this can be done. There are a lot of opportunities in the world today. We
also have abundant natural resources which, if they are put into good use, aid
would cease to be a key component of our economies. Let us just try it and see
the results.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             710 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                             July 26, 2011 Tuesday

Handful of dollars

LENGTH: 524  words

DATELINE: Nepal


Nepal, July 26 -- Donors have contributed billions of rupees in aid to Nepal for
over half a century. The impact of aid, however, is not properly understood. As
the Post's recent stories have pointed out, this is largely because there is a
severe lacking in coordination between aid and the government (July 25, Money
A). The government lacks comprehensive data about incoming aid. This, in turn,
means that monitoring the work the aid is designated for is dismal. Both the
government and the aid are to blame. The aid must make a concerted effort to
abide by the Financial Procedure Act. Likewise, the government must also set
auditing standards.

At present, donors have pledged Rs. 45 billion for Technical Assistance to the
state. The assistance is almost half the foreign aid estimate for the fiscal
year 2011-12. However, there are concerns that much of this money will bypass
the government's Office of the Auditor General (OAG). But since the OAG doesn't
directly conduct the aid's transaction audits, and allows for the various to
undertake the audits themselves, there is a lot of missing information. In the
fiscal year 2009-10, it is not clear where 87 per cent of Rs. 17 billion
received was spent. It is clear that negligence has been shown by both parties
involved. The government must either be able to make sure the individual are
conducting proper audits and submitting the reports to the OAG, or, as has been
discussed in official circles in the past, take on the audits themselves.
Similarly, aid have been complacent about working with the government. It was
reported that in 2008, only 20 per cent of Technical Assistance aid was utilised
through government organs. While this figure has improved, it is the
responsibility of aid organisations to be accountable to the Nepali state. This
will not only help the government to monitor aid activity and its impact, but
also work to create a stronger state.

The AOG has been incapable- for lack of resource, manpower or political will- to
carry out audits of incoming aid projects. However, instead of exploiting the
state of affairs, aid should take this shortcoming into consideration to
facilitate the state, not bypass it. The story of aid directed to enhance trade
is similar. While it is appreciated that developed nations have put aside aid
for Nepal's trade development, because of the lack of an integrated approach
between government and aid , the Aid for Trade's impact is open to question.
Since the purpose of aid is development, it is best brought forward and
institutionalised with cooperation between various stakeholders. But with the
state left in the dark due to its own inefficiency and donor neglect, another
fifty years of aid will not achieve its purpose unless properly monitored,
evaluated. The only way the government can be held accountable is if
institutions inside the country are accountable to the government, and that
includes aid and aid organisations. Published by HT Syndication with permission
from EKantipur.com. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             711 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                              June 10, 2011 Friday

COMMENT: The aid that failed - I - Jamil Nasir

LENGTH: 1138 words

DATELINE: Pakistan


Pakistan, June 10 -- The entire worth of US economic assistance to Pakistan
under the Kerry-Lugar-Berman arrangement ($1.5 billion), is equal to about five
and a half days of US military spending in Afghanistan

The Pakistan-US marriage of convenience in the aftermath of the Osama bin Laden
(OBL) episode is strained, though efforts are underway on the diplomatic front
to heal the fractured relations. However, rest assured that divorce is a remote
possibility. The fact of the matter is that Pakistan has never been a trusted
ally of the US in the war against terror. Rather, it was the most bullied ally
of the allies, persistently being demanded by the US to 'do more', without any
sincere appreciation of the losses of astronomical proportions it has incurred
as a result of its engagement in this war. Such losses are not confined to human
and financial aspects only but include social and political losses too. Because
of the erosion of trust in the state, its institutions and the sovereignty of
the country, it may take decades to regain the confidence of the people.

Pak-US relations, since the very inception of the war against terror, can best
be described as relations of exchange, devoid of any strategic depth or strong
partnership. Pakistan was supposed to render services in the war in exchange for
US economic aid, security-related and other than security-related, that Pakistan
needed, partly to compensate for its lacklustre efforts at domestic revenue
generation and partly owing to its historical choice/decision of forging close
military ties with the US immediately after its inception in 1947. The logical
corollary of deep military cooperation was that most defence purchases were to
be made from the US, which in turn meant that our dependence on the US was bound
to deepen with the passage of time. Thus, defence-related and other economic aid
mediated cooperation between the two countries.

The Osama episode has exposed the fault lines of the tenuous relationship
between Pakistan and the US but, at the same time, it has provided an
opportunity for soul-searching and reckoning. Currently, there is deep
disillusionment, both in Pakistan and the US, with this relationship of
exchange. In Pakistan, the opinion makers, media, intelligentsia and politicians
(some major parties have also joined the bandwagon) are vehemently arguing that
we should say goodbye to US economic aid, as it is the main culprit for the
damage done to our security and sovereignty. Things are not easy on the US side
as well. Its think tanks, media and some of its congressmen are questioning the
efficacy of the aid. They are questioning: why are we stuck with Pakistan
despite the fact that the US tax payers' money has failed to buy the gratitude,
loyalty and cooperation of the Pakistani nation? Is it not better to wriggle out
of it and cut off aid without further draining the US taxpayers' money in aid?

It was in this background that five senior US senators demanded a few days ago a
re-evaluation of US assistance to Pakistan. The US Defence Secretary Robert
Gates and the US military's top officer, Admiral Mike Mullen, have, however,
advised against cutting off aid to Pakistan. The point here is that both parties
are disillusioned with the aid phenomenon as it stands today. This means that
there is something fundamentally wrong with the US economic assistance to
Pakistan. What is that 'wrong'? In order to conjecture upon the possible
reasons, a brief overview of statistical accounts of aid indicating the quantum
and nature of US aid to Pakistan is important.

US economic assistance to Pakistan dates back to the 1950s when Pakistan entered
into a military pact with the US. During 1954 to 1964, the US provided nearly $
2.5 billion in economic aid (other than purely military aid) and $ 700 million
in military aid. Almost all types of aid remained suspended during the period
between 1965 and 1971.The economic aid doled out to Pakistan during 1972 to 1977
was just peanuts, when a democratic government was in power in Pakistan. During
the period 1980 to 1990, economic aid of about $ 5 billion was given, about half
of which was military aid. After the withdrawal of the US from Afghanistan, aid
to Pakistan dropped precipitously as the US provided $ 429 million in economic
assistance and $ 5.2 million in military assistance during 1991 to 2000. After
9/11, US aid became highly skewed towards the military. During the period 2002
to 2009, out of $ 11.2 billion, $ 8.1 billion (72 percent) was security-related
aid. This security-related aid also included assistance from the Coalition
Support Fund (CSF). During this period, $ 3.1 billion (23 percent) was given as
economic aid, i.e. other than security-related aid.

Furthermore, although Congress, under the Kerry-Lugar-Berman Act, authorised $
1.5 billion aid per annum as development aid for five years, the actual
disbursements were only $ 275 million and $ 676 million during financial years
2009 and 2010 respectively. These disbursements also included $ 500 million for
flood relief. According to estimates, total official development assistance
(net) received from all sources in the last five years, on average, constitutes
1.5 percent of the gross national income (GNI) of Pakistan. The aid that a
Pakistani citizen receives from all sources during one year is hardly $ 14
(approximately three rupees per day). The amount in per capita terms is much
less than the amount his/her African counterpart has been receiving in the last
half century. It is estimated that a citizen of the African continent, on
average, has received $ 35 per annum since 1960 for his/her poverty reduction.
The entire worth of US economic assistance to Pakistan, under the
Kerry-Lugar-Berman arrangement ($1.5 billion), is equal to about five and a half
days of US military spending in Afghanistan.

What do the above statistics tell us? First of all, US aid is intermittent in
nature. It is not motivated by any generosity or grand moral/ethical
considerations for poverty or disease elimination, and the streaks of
self-interest are very much visible a la Kipling's White Man's Burden. Secondly,
the argument that aid is meant to bolster civilian governments in Pakistan is
not vindicated by statistics. The amount of aid soars up during the period of US
military engagement in the region and dips when its active military involvement
is over. Coincidently, the quantum of aid is higher when Pakistan has a military
regime.

(To be continued)

The writer is a graduate from the Columbia University in Economic Policy
Management. He can be reached at jamilnasir1969@gmail.com Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             712 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            October 12, 2009 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Lousy fit may hinder hearing aid

SECTION: MONEYSMART; Consumer Reports / Product testing; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 650 words


Consumers pay high prices for hearing aids but get mediocre fittings, according
to a Consumer Reports investigation.

For its report, CR followed a dozen hearing-impaired patients for six months as
they shopped for and used hearing aids. CR also lab-tested the features of 44
hearing aids and conducted a national survey of 1,100 people who had bought a
hearing aid in the last three years. The survey was conducted by the Consumer
Reports National Research Center.

CR's shoppers purchased two pairs of hearing aids each, or 48 aids in all,
ranging from $1,800 to $6,800 per pair, including professional fitting and
follow-up services, in the New York City metropolitan area.

The right fit did not come easily.

CR had audiologists check to see how well providers fit shoppers' hearing aids
to their individual hearing loss. Two-thirds of the 48 aids purchased were
misfit: They amplified too little or too much.

And yet, according to the national survey, a resounding 73 percent of hearing
aid users were highly satisfied with their aids, suggesting many individuals may
be so pleased with improved hearing that they do not seek out fine tuning of
their aids, potentially missing out on an even better fit.

The survey also underscored the lack of information that's reaching consumers
about which features are valuable and which aren't. One-fourth of respondents to
the CR survey said they didn't know whether their aids had feedback suppression,
and a third didn't know whether they had directional microphones. Both features
can be critical to performance.

***

Buying a hearing aid

Consumers need to decide which type of hearing aid is best for them, and which
product features make sense, keeping in mind that many features can add a lot of
cost but may be of little value to some people. CR offers the following advice:

1. Where to go. Veterans should try the nearest Veterans Affairs facility, rated
highly by survey respondents who went to the VA and where veterans may be able
to get their hearing aids virtually free. Others should first consider a medical
practice headed by an otolaryngologist (an ear, nose and throat physician) who
employs an audiologist to fit and dispense hearing aids.

2. What to expect from a provider. Providers should offer a choice of several
brands, styles and features; convenient hours; walk-in repairs; a soundproof
booth to test an individual's hearing; and several types of hearing tests. Rehab
classes or therapy after fitting should be available, as well as a flexible
trial period and a money-back guarantee.

3. At the first visit. Get a thorough evaluation. The provider should conduct
several tests to establish a hearing-loss profile, including an audiometry test
in a soundproof booth. Consumers should discuss their needs and lifestyles. When
considering hearing aids, CR advises shoppers to focus on product features, not
brands. Although there are differences between brands, they're not significant
enough to identify "best brands."

4. Be a smart buyer. While only 15 percent of CR survey participants tried
bargaining, more than 40 percent of those who tried succeeded. Before leaving
with their new aids, users should practice inserting and removing the battery,
cleaning and storing the aid, putting it in their ear, using the switches and
controls and talking on the phone.

5. At home. Adjusting to a new pair of hearing aids can take quite a while. CR
notes that individuals can join a support group with other hearing-aid consumers
during this period of adjustment and beyond. In addition, practice using the
hearing aids in different environments. Consumers should return to their
providersfor at least one follow-up appointment. Twenty-six percent of survey
respondents never had a follow-up appointment, even though most providers
include that service in their fee.

Dissatisfied consumers shouldn't just leave their aids in a drawer and forget
about them.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             713 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Asia Pacific - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            December 1, 2008 Monday

China's President Hu visits patients on World AIDS Day

LENGTH: 802 words


Text of report in English by official Chinese news agency Xinhua (New China News
Agency)

[Xinhua "China Focus": "President Hu Visits Patients on World AIDS Day"]

Beijing, Dec. 1 (Xinhua) - President Hu Jintao called for spreading AIDS
prevention knowledge to the public and helping each AIDS patient, during his
visit to a Beijing hospital on Monday, the World AIDS Day.

It was the third time in five years that Hu inspected AIDS prevention work by
meeting medical staff, researchers and patients.

Hu's hand-to-hand contact with HIV/AIDS patients is intended to help remove the
social stigma of AIDS in China. The widely reported, high-profile event
showcased the government's resolve to tackle the growing AIDS problem in China.

Wearing a crimson ribbon, Hu shook hands with two women who have been infected
by HIV and asked questions about their health and living conditions at Ditan
Hospital's Red Ribbon Centre.

The centre provides HIV-infected persons with services such as psychological
counseling, health education and assistance in AIDS-related legal affairs.

One woman, Xiao Zheng, 28, told Hu that she was found to be infected last
December when she was pregnant. With the hospital's help, she got free
medication to prevent transmission to her child. Her daughter, now six months
old, was in sound health.

The other woman, who used the pseudonym Xiao Xia, later told Xinhua that Hu's
visit gave her warmth and encouragement.

A joint investigation by Chinese health officials, a UN agency and the World
Health Organization found that there were about 700,000 Chinese living with HIV/
AIDS at the end of 2007, 85,000 of whom were AIDS patients.

In the infectious disease centre of the hospital, which is China's clinical
pharmacology base for HIV/AIDS and offers free AIDS control service, Hu examined
the facilities and spoke with researchers about everything from their equipment
to the use of their work.

Hu spoke highly of the centre's achievements in the research of anti-viral
vaccines and new medicines, stressing that science and technology must be relied
on to combat the disease.

During Monday's visit, Hu told Party organs and governments at all levels to
"provide each citizen with AIDS control and prevention knowledge and offer
assistance to each patient in real actions."

Also on Monday, an official with the Health Ministry, Wang Weizhen, a deputy
division chief with the disease control bureau, warned that the AIDS epidemic
was still increasing among high-risk groups and regions.

A report released by the ministry on Sunday estimated that 440,000 HIV carriers
are still unaware of their infections, meaning the potential for an increase in
the epidemic.

"We have made obvious improvements in the AIDS control and prevention campaign,
but the situation remains arduous and we should spare no efforts in the work,"
Hu said.

According to the Health Ministry, about 40 per cent of intravenous drug users
still share needles, while 60 per cent of sex workers don't always use condoms.

AIDS is believed to have been introduced to China in 1982. Three years later,
the government announced the first death from the disease.

Hu stressed China's policy of "four frees, one care," which was adopted in 2003.

The four frees are free HIV testing; free counseling and treatment for carriers
in rural regions; free medication for all pregnant HIV carriers, and free
education for AIDS orphans. The "care" is for impoverished AIDS patients and the
elimination of AIDS-related discrimination.

As an effective method to identify HIV carriers, the policy persuaded more than
420,000 people to take a test in the first nine months of this year, with about
4,600 confirmed positive results.

According to the ministry, as of September, China had established nearly 6,000
medical stations that provide free consultations and tests for people who might
be infected.

Also by the end of September, medical institutions had treated more than 54,000
AIDS patients, the country's traditional medical treatment for AIDS had been
adopted in 15 provinces and more than 90 per cent of the AIDS orphans had been
helped to c ontinue their studies.

Just ahead of World AIDS Day, Premier Wen Jiabao visited people living with HIV/
AIDS and thanked workers dealing with the disease in the eastern Anhui Province
over the weekend. He said anti-viral medication should be listed in the
country's basic medicine catalogue.

China's top official move was in line with the theme of this year's AIDS Day:
"Stop AIDS, Keep the Promise."

Peter Piot, executive director of UNAIDS, has previously said: "China is making
enormous progress in combating HIV/AIDS and has fully recognized the hazard of
the disease, and the government is becoming more transparent in publicizing
relevant information."

Source: Xinhua news agency, Beijing, in English 1610 gmt 1 Dec 08

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2008 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             714 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                             April 25, 2006 Tuesday

Tobias has a mission to reform U.S. foreign aid

SECTION: Pg. 36

LENGTH: 1292 words


Randall Tobias is the most powerful figure in the U.S. foreign-aid bureaucracy.
He has been selected to serve concurrently in two key government positions and
will play a major role in defining and implementing Secretary of State
Condoleezza Rice's new initiative for 'transformational diplomacy' and
development.

Tobias replaced Andrew Natsios on March 31 as the administrator of U.S. Agency
for International Development (USAID), the central agency managing U.S. overseas
assistance. More important, Tobias is also serving as the first director of
foreign assistance (DFA), a newly created position at the State Department, with
a mission of bringing greater coherence, coordination and effectiveness to U.S.
foreign-aid programs. Therefore, he is simultaneously the chief architect and
arbiter of foreign aid policy, and could have a profound effect on its future
course.

Tobias has a long record as an adept manager in the corporate world and served
as coordinator for the U.S. Global AIDS Initiative from 2003 to 2006. In that
role, he organized an array of U.S. international health programs, navigated
multiple bureaucracies and attempted to satisfy a demanding community of AIDS
activists. He now faces similar challenges, on a more demanding scale. These
include:

* Allaying concerns at USAID about the apparent threat to the agency's
independence created by his role at State.

* Coordinating the foreign aid activities of several other U.S. agencies,
despite a lack of direct authority.

* Satisfying a skeptical development community that U.S. foreign-aid will not be
transformed into a strategic political tool, with limited attention to long-term
poverty reduction.

After graduating from Indiana University in 1964 and serving two years in the
Army, Tobias began his 33-year corporate career by joining AT&T. He rose to the
position of vice chairman in 1986 and helped lead the company through the
challenging period after the breakup of the Bell system in the mid-1980s.

In 1993, Tobias left AT&T to become chairman, president and CEO of
pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly, a troubled firm at the time of his arrival.
Tobias instituted a number of reforms, including restructuring to focus on
product areas rather than job functions, and spinning off the medical-device
business, the better to concentrate on pharmaceutical operations. Under his
stewardship, Lilly prospered: its market value rose from $14 billion to nearly
$100 billion. At age 57, Tobias retired to pursue other business interests,
philanthropic and community activities, and writing.

President Bush thrust Tobias back into the public sphere in 2003 by nominating
him to be the U.S. global "AIDS czar," managing an unprecedented $15 billion,
five-year effort to curb the HIV/AIDS pandemic. While the announcement of the
Global AIDS Initiative itself was a surprising but welcome development to the
international health and foreign-aid community, the selection of Tobias as
coordinator was met with deep skepticism among AIDS activists. His management
achievements in the corporate world were significant, but his lack of
public-health experience and close ties to an industry that was challenging the
emergence of cheaper generic AIDS drugs aroused suspicions.

The early days of his tenure as AIDS coordinator were difficult. One of his
first challenges was to bring together rapidly expanding HIV/AIDS programs at
USAID, the Department of Health and Human Services and the Centers for Disease
Control and Prevention. The rivalry and lack of coordination among U.S. AIDS
programs was a serious hindrance.

Tobias also faced criticism that the Global AIDS Initiative was moving too
slowly - only $2 billion was distributed in the first year, rather than the
assumed $3 billion annual pace. Furthermore, the administration's resistance to
purchasing generic medicine was opposed by the international health community,
which argued that the AIDS emergency required a more aggressive approach to
resource and drug availability.

Over the course of time, some of this criticism abated. Tobias used his
management experience to establish a well-functioning coordination structure
among the numerous U.S. government agencies involved in global AIDS efforts.

Program resources, thanks in large part to Congress, began to ramp up more
quickly, surpassing the $3 billion annual target this year. Launched at the same
time as the Bush administration's other major foreign-aid initiative, the
Millennium Challenge Corp. (MCC), Tobias's AIDS effort was given high marks for
getting money into the field rapidly - unlike his counterpart at the MCC, Paul
Applegarth, who stepped down last year.

The acceleration of the Food and Drug Administration's (FDA's) generic-drug
review process has resulted in the eligibility of 15 generic products for
procurement by the end of year two of the AIDS initiative.

Nevertheless, Tobias continued to face criticism that the HIV/AIDS program
concentrated too many of its resources on 15 "focus countries" and provided too
little to the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria. The U.S.
program has also been attacked for its ideological bent, especially regarding
its emphasis on abstinence education.

The Bush administration has increased the total resources available for foreign
assistance and launched several creative attempts to improve the delivery and
impact of aid. However, these changes were not accompanied by a comprehensive
international development strategy, which has led to a lack of coherence - a
chronic problem for U.S. overseas aid.

Moreover, some critics charge that USAID has been marginalized and is being
stealthily absorbed into the State Department. They fear that Tobias, who
reports directly to Rice, will be drawn into the department's "culture," where
the focus is on short-term crisis management rather than long-term development
and poverty reduction.

Rice says that by giving Tobias two hats, as the USAID administrator and the
State Department's director of foreign assistance, USAID will have a greater
role in foreign-aid policy. Combined, the two agencies receive about 75 percent
of the U.S. aid budget. In addition to enhancing the coordination and
effectiveness of aid activities, there is also an opportunity to consolidate
overlapping aid missions.

Balancing his responsibilities as USAID administrator and the director of
foreign assistance is one of Tobias's most important objectives. However, it
pales in comparison with the challenge of coordinating and providing guidance
for the entire array of U.S. government foreign-aid agencies and programs:

* The MCC falls outside Tobias's direct authority, yet remains the Bush
administration premier assistance program.

* The Department of Defense's growing role in managing and financing aid
activities, in both security and humanitarian operations, will also require
immediate attention if Tobias is to be successful in making U.S. foreign aid
more effective.

Tobias will need to draw on his considerable management skills, honed in both
the public and private sectors, if he is to succeed in streamlining foreign
assistance. If progress is swift, it is possible that the Bush administration
will attempt a more ambitious reform effort next year, which would involve
statutory and budgetary restructuring.

An escalation of the crisis to a complete loss of Iranian oil exports is highly
unlikely. Less dramatic, but more plausible, sanctions and responses to them are
unlikely to have much of an impact on physical supply in the oil market.
However, they would probably push prices higher, depending upon the reaction of
the paper markets.

These measures would have less of an impact on the Iranian economy than on oil
consumers, leaving the balance of harm in Tehran's favor.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2006 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             715 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                            February 13, 2006 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Aust Government finally giving aid the prominence it needs

BYLINE: Matthew Clarke and Simon Feeny

SECTION: A; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 1015  words


OF COURSE it will only be momentary, but the world's poor have finally been
given some prominence on Australia's domestic policy stage.

The aid program has a new parliamentary secretary following Bruce Billson's
recent cabinet reshuffle, AusAID will soon issue its white paper on aid, and the
Labor Party has just launched its new aid policy. It's enough to make the aid
sector blush with presumed importance.

So, while the domestic spotlight shines on the atrocity of world poverty, it is
appropriate to contrast what's on offer between the Government and Opposition
and what might lie ahead for the recipients of our aid.

The focus on the Pacific is well entrenched within Australia's aid program and
this will continue into the future. Both the Government and Labor recognise our
greatest impact can be had in this region. Given the level of poverty and
hardship in this region, and the lack of interest the Pacific holds for other
wealthy countries, Australia's focus is warranted.

The Government and the Opposition have pledged to increase Australia's aid
program over the next few years. The aid budget is about $2.5 billion. The
Government plans to increase this to $4 billion by 2010 or 0.36 of Australia's
national income.

Labor has promised to increase foreign aid to 0.5 per cent of GDP by 2010 (which
could be up to $5 billion). Both commitments are laudable, but long over due.
Australia's aid program has been too low for too long. Both political parties
are guilty of allowing this to occur.

The international target set for overseas aid is 0.7 percent of national income.
Both commitments fall well short of this. Aid levels have recently fallen to
0.25 per cent of national income. Nearly a third less than the amount Australia
should be providing.

Forget trying to calculate how many dollars this is, what it really means is
that far fewer people living on less than a couple of dollars a day have been
assisted by Australian aid than should have been the case.

People with such low incomes are constantly hungry, cannot send their children
to school, lack access to running water and die from preventable illnesses such
as diarrhoea and malaria. Australian aid improves these circumstances - more aid
means improving the lives of more people.

Aid though can be spent in different ways. Both the white paper and the Labor
policy document set out in broad strokes the varying approaches to aid. Perhaps
the single greatest difference is the position taken on the Millennium
Development Goals.

These goals include: (1) eradicating extreme poverty and hunger; (2) achieving
universal primary education; (3) promoting gender equality; (4) reducing child
mortality; (5) improving maternal health; (6) combating HIV/AIDS, malaria and
other diseases; (7) ensuring environmental sustainability; and (8) developing a
global partnership for development.

While the Australian Government supported the achievement of these goals at the
UN in 2000, its overseas aid program has failed to explicitly incorporate them
into its development agenda. The white paper suggests Australia's aid program
should continue to focus on issues of governance as its primary goal rather than
the direct achievement of the MDGs.

Most in the aid sector believe that a stronger focus on the MDGs is required.
Rather than achieving the MDGs as a by-product of improved governance,
Australia's aid program should be judged on its success in achieving the MDGs.
Thus, the MDGs should be the focal point of the aid program. This approach is
assumed by most Western governments and has now been adopted as the Labor
policy.

Both the Government and Labor also recommend the establishment of distinct
bodies to improve the efficiency of Australia's aid program.

The Government will establish an Office of Development Effectiveness.

Labor proposes the establishment of an independent think-tank for development
issues.

Quite frankly, both are disparately needed. While Australia's contribution to
total world aid flows is small, the impact of our aid program within the Pacific
cannot be understated. Yet rigorous research on the effectiveness of our aid has
relied too long on under-resourced academics or over-paid consultants.

Any move to properly finance research to improve the impact of our aid will be
welcomed by non- government organisations, recipient governments, Australian
managing contractors and the poor alike. Better aid requires better research.

Other than the above initiative, the white paper is largely business-as- usual
for the Government. The Labor policy document, however, is a re- thinking of its
aid policy and therefore raises some alternative options.

Whilst short of much detail, its most notable initiative is the proposed $1
billion dollar trust fund to support Pacific Islanders to develop their own
small businesses and presumably help their economies stay afloat in the face of
possible climate change.

Whilst micro-finance has a very successful record in lifting whole families and
communities out of poverty, suggesting this can be done across the entire
Pacific warrants careful thinking.

Perhaps Labor might precede its implementation with charging its newly-created
think-tank with the responsibility of analysing how such a trust fund might
support (or destroy) local economies. (A memory of Nauru's experience might be
also useful).

Sadly, the Government and Labor have remained silent on the role of
non-government organisations in delivering Australia's aid program.

Perhaps neither of them share the confidence shown by ordinary Australians to
organisations such as World Vision Australia and Oxfam to the tune of $500
million each year.

Having these organisations deliver less than 10 per cent of Australia's aid
program is a waste of expertise and access to the poorest communities.

Both the Government and Labor should revisit this aspect of their policies.

Dr Matthew Clarke is the program leader of International Development at the
School of Social Science and Planning, RMIT University. Dr Simon Feeny is a post
doctoral fellow within the School of Economics, Finance and Marketing, RMIT.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2006 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             716 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Independent on Sunday (London)

                              June 5, 2005, Sunday

THE WHITE BAND'S BURDEN;
 A GREAT IDEA, SIR BOB, BUT THERE ARE MORE USEFUL WAYS TO HELP AFRICA,

BYLINE: WILLIAM EASTERLY

SECTION: First Edition; COMMENT; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 1212 words

HIGHLIGHT:
U2 frontman Bono, pictured with then US treasury secretary Paul O'Neill, meeting
children while investigating debt in Uganda in 2002 REUTERS/PATRICK OLUM


Bob Geldof has assembled well-known bands for his Live8 concerts to lobby G8
leaders meeting in July to 'Make poverty history' in Africa. Veterans of the
1985 Live Aid concert such as Elton John and Madonna signed up, as well as this
generation's Coldplay. It is wonderful that so much energy will go into
addressing Africa's problems.

Unfortunately, this campaign is so far spending most of its effort on causes
that will not help the African poor. The objectives are to make trade fair, drop
the debt and increase aid. Removing rich country protectionism is a worthy
cause, although economists' estimates of the effect on Africa are modest. As for
the other two causes " excessive debt and insufficient aid " history has already
shown that insufficient Western generosity is not the main cause of Africa's
woes.

The mythology of African debt is that huge amounts of money are being sucked out
of the continent to go to international creditors. The truth is that much of
Africa's debt has been fictional for a long time. When the debtors had
difficulty coming up with the repayments, creditors gave new loans, postponed
the repayment of old loans, or forgave the old loans altogether. The G7 has
already spent 20 years giving ever more debt relief to Africa at each successive
summit. Maybe the best argument for dropping the debt is just to end this
charade, freeing up the time of people such as Geldof, G7 politicians and
African leaders to concentrate on the real problems of African aid.

Debt relief itself shows that insufficient aid was not the problem in Africa.
African governments could not repay zero-interest World Bank loans that required
no repayment until 10 years after the loan was made and then had a 40-year
repayment period. What does that say about the pay -off to the money lent in the
first place? The International Monetary Fund and World Bank gave debt relief
even to such long-standing 'success stories' as Uganda. If a businessman could
not generate enough profit to repay a loan with a 10-year grace period and
40-year maturity at zero interest, you wouldn't call that a successful business.

We know that aid is ineffective from the record of the $ 568bn (£313bn) already
given in aid to sub-Saharan Africa. This aid was not successful in preventing
decades of stagnation. Yet campaigners and politicians are jostling in the
public square to call for ever more aid to Africa, from Geldof to Jeffrey Sachs
to Tony Blair and Gordon Brown. Even George Bush has taken time off from his
misguided military approach to the world's problems to increase US aid to
Africa, although he resists the more sweeping aid and debt relief programmes
that Tony Blair carries to Washington this week.

Gordon Brown said in a speech in January that more aid could get 12-cent
medicines to children to prevent half of all malaria deaths. Jeffrey Sachs says
in his new book The End of Poverty that 'ending the poverty trap will be much
easier than it appears'. At the World Economic Forum in Davos in January, these
two got the actress Sharon Stone so excited about easy solutions that she jumped
up and raised $ 1m (from an audience made up mostly of middle-aged males) for
bed nets to protect against malarial mosquitoes in Africa. Isn't Mr Brown a
little curious as to why hundreds of billions of aid have not already delivered
12-cent medicines to dying children? Isn't Professor Sachs a little worried that
four decades of aid efforts have not already ended the easy poverty trap? Isn't
Miss Stone a little troubled that hundreds of billions in aid have not already
got $ 4 bed nets to potential malaria victims?

These latest calls for increased aid echo a long tradition that emphasises aid
volume as the measure by which we judge success on world poverty. But aid volume
measures costs, not benefits. General Motors, which Wall Street has just
downgraded to junk-bond status, would not help its case if it cited its high
costs of production as an achievement.

Bob Geldof and his fellow campaigners should direct their outrage to the
question of why the current sums of foreign aid do not reach the poor. (The
campaign makes a token reference to 'better aid,' but this is not the focus of
the effort.) A big problem is that what sells politically in the North is not
what is most helpful to the poor in the South. The slogan 'Make poverty history'
is so general that it does not hold any single, rich government or aid agency
accountable for making poor peoples' lives better. If poverty does not become
history, who will you blame? Everyone, and thus no one. The aid community
proposes worldwide goals (the Millennium Development Goals for eight different
dimensions of world poverty, to be achieved by 2015) for which all aid agencies
are collectively responsible. Collective responsibility does not work, for the
same reason that collective farming has never worked. Hold aid agencies
individually responsible for what their own programmes achieve.

It also doesn't help that the goals are so utopian. African poverty is a complex
problem that has such roots as past Western exploitation, artificial states
created by the colonisers, murderous kleptocrats (presently exemplified by
Robert Mugabe), ethnic conflict, and dysfunctional bureaucracy in both the
Western aid system and Africa's civil service. To its credit, Tony Blair's
Commission on Africa (of which Bob Geldof was a part) recognised many of these
factors " but they didn't follow it through to its logical conclusion. Aid
agencies are even less accountable for results if they can blame poverty on
factors beyond their control.

In contrast, you could hold aid agencies accountable for results if the aid
agenda was less utopian, just concentrating on specific tangible steps to help
poor people. Researchers have found many programmes that reach the poor:
subsidies to parents to keep children in school, free textbooks for school
children, de-worming medicines, nutritional supplements, education on condoms
and treatment for other sexually transmitted diseases to prevent Aids, indoor
spraying to control malaria, fertiliser subsidies, vaccination, and water
provision.

Aid agencies need independent evaluation of the effects on the poor of their
programmes. What aid agencies do today is mostly self-evaluation. Aid agencies
are only accountable if independent evaluators judge them. In short, three steps
" individual responsibility of aid agencies, a less utopian agenda for aid and
debt relief, and independent evaluation " are more likely to help the poor than
even more utopian campaigning for more aid and debt relief.

To all of you who will be listening to Madonna and Coldplay at Live8, you
deserve congratulations for your compassion for Africa's desperate poor. Direct
your energies at the outrage of aid and debt relief dollars not reaching those
same poor. Ask the aid agencies why those 12-cent medicines have still not
reached children dying of malaria. Don't let aid agencies shun individual
accountability and hide behind utopian agendas and self- evaluation. Once that
outrage is fixed, let's go ahead and increase foreign aid.

William Easterly is Professor of Economics (Joint with Africana Studies) at New
York University

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 Independent Print Ltd


                             717 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                    September 11, 2004 Saturday Home Edition

ELECTION 2004: Daughter says Kerry will fight AIDS better;
Funding will rise, she tells group

BYLINE: DAVID WAHLBERG

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: News; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 573 words


John Kerry would double domestic and global funding for AIDS if elected
president, and he would boost research on drugs and vaccines for the disease,
his daughter said Friday in Atlanta.

"You are going to have an advocate again who will not deal with flat funding or
inadequate funding," Vanessa Kerry said at an annual conference of the National
Association of People with AIDS, which continues this weekend at the downtown
Hilton Hotel.

Kerry, a 27-year-old Harvard Medical School student who is also studying public
health, said her father has backed AIDS programs as a U.S. senator from
Massachusetts and would continue the support as president.

The Democratic presidential candidate would pay for the expanded prevention,
treatment and research efforts by rolling back tax cuts for the wealthy, she
said.

Kerry --- the younger of the candidate's two daughters --- accused the Bush
administration of allowing religious and conservative views to hinder the fight
against AIDS.

She cited the forced cancellation of presentations by 28 researchers from the
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention at an international HIV/AIDS
conference in July and statements by a senior Health and Human Services official
that abstinence --- not condoms --- is the only strategy to combat AIDS.

She also mentioned the "global gag rule" that bars distribution of U.S. family
planning funds to clinics in other countries that provide abortion services,
which has also been tied to the global distribution of AIDS money.

"We cannot fight an epidemic if we are shackled by ideology," Kerry said.

She said her father, if elected, would "always use science and not ideology"
when making decision about AIDS.

Kerry's appearance and the AIDS conference come as more of the estimated 900,000
Americans with HIV are living a long time, but only if they take expensive
drugs.

Meanwhile, few of the 38 million people with HIV worldwide can afford the drugs,
especially in sub-Saharan Africa, where the epidemic has hit hardest.

A $15 billion global AIDS program launched by Bush has helped, AIDS activists
say, but much of the money hasn't yet been awarded.

The Ryan White Care Act, which provides $2 billion a year in AIDS services in
the United States, comes up for reauthorization next year. AIDS groups are
concerned that Congress will try to "medicalize" AIDS programs, limiting funding
to clinical treatment and reducing or eliminating counseling, transportation and
other support services.

"A lot of people aren't going to make it to the doctor appointments if they
don't have transportation and child care," said Terje Anderson, executive
director of the National Association of People with AIDS. "We can't keep doing
more with less."

Kerry heard personal stories as she talked to people with HIV sitting in a close
circle of couches and chairs. A man from North Carolina said he could barely
afford his five AIDS drugs --- and the other five he takes for side effects. A
man from California said he was finally well enough to go back to work, which
made him feel more productive, but it also cost him the disability benefits he
needs. Others said the stigma of HIV lingers, especially among
African-Americans, and AIDS visibility has been lost amidst talk of war and the
economy.

Kerry said she would tell her father to keep AIDS on the radar. "You need a
friend in the White House," she told the group.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: In Atlanta, medical student Vanessa Kerry accused the Bush
administration of letting ideology hinder the fight against AIDS. / DAMIAN
DOVARGANES / AP

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             718 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           February 26, 2002 Tuesday

Why we must save legal aid

BYLINE: SIDNEY B. LINDEN

SECTION: COMMENT; Pg. A21

LENGTH: 844 words


Access to justice for everyone - regardless of income - is a fundamental
principle of democracy and the rule of law. Equal access and protection under
the law require that individuals have legal representation when before the
courts in serious matters. This is why legal representation in these matters is
a right defined by the Charter of Rights and Freedoms and reinforced by our
national justice system.

Each province has a legal-aid system designed to protect the rights of people
and to prevent abuse of power or miscarriages of justice. Each system, however,
has been struggling to ensure that low-income people can exercise their rights
under the Constitution and other laws.

In Ontario, the government reaffirmed its commitment to access and equality in
1998 when it enacted the Legal Aid Services Act. This statute created Legal Aid
Ontario, a publicly funded independent agency, with a mandate to ensure the
provision of accessible, high-quality legal-aid services to low-income
Ontarians.

Legal Aid Ontario helps almost a million people every year. Our clients are very
poor, as they must meet our strict income eligibility limits and assets checks
to qualify. While legal aid may be commonly associated with defending accused
persons in criminal court, it's not the whole story.

Legal Aid Ontario also helps single mothers seeking child support from
delinquent ex-partners, victims of domestic violence, sexual assault victims,
injured workers, the mentally ill and refugees. For all of these people, legal
aid prevents poverty from becoming a barrier to justice.

For more than three decades, Ontario has relied on the dedication of private
lawyers to provide legal-aid services. In the past five years, however, the
number of lawyers accepting legal-aid cases has dropped by 23 per cent while our
caseload has grown by more than 50 per cent. Clearly, a service-delivery impasse
is building and, with it, the risk of real injustice to poor people.

Committed lawyers are walking away from legal aid, despite their strong personal
convictions about helping the poor. The reason is clear: Low legal-aid rates
make it impractical for lawyers to do the legal-aid work they once did.

The Ontario government regulates the hourly rates paid to legal-aid lawyers and
limits the hours they may bill. Since the last increase to hourly rates in 1987,
inflation has eroded "real" legal-aid rates by more than 30 per cent. Sole
practitioners and small firms with rising office costs, and newly graduated
lawyers with heavy student debts, cannot be blamed for limiting or avoiding
cases that don't pay enough to cover their basic expenses.

A provincial investment to increase the rates paid to legal-aid lawyers is long
overdue. Legal Aid Ontario recently submitted a business case for tariff reform
to Ontario's Attorney-General. It explains the risks of allowing the flight of
lawyers from legal aid to continue, risks that could quickly outweigh the costs
of the proposed increase. And it proposes a modest increase to the hourly rates
paid for legal-aid lawyers over a three-year period, an increase that is less
than an adjustment for inflation since the last rate change.

By making legal-aid work less draining financially, Legal Aid Ontario hopes to
keep the lawyers already working in the system and to attract new ones. It's
important to remember that, when lawyers take legal-aid cases to help the
disadvantaged, they often pass up more lucrative work and are generally required
to work unpaid hours because of the regulated billable-hour limits.

Frontline observers, such as Crown attorneys and judges, are seeing increasing
numbers of unrepresented people in court on serious matters. Many have expressed
concern - as well they should.

Not only are the rights of the unrepresented at risk, but the entire justice
system is in danger. As judges assist unrepresented people to understand their
rights - really a job for lawyers outside the courtroom - unnecessary delays
occur for all citizens.

For the court system to function as it was designed, not only must there be
timely and impartial adjudication, but there must also be a fair balance between
the resources available to the prosecution and the defence. An investment that
keeps lawyers working on legal-aid cases should be viewed as a key strategy in
managing a fair, balanced justice system.

Legal Aid Ontario appreciates that requesting more money in these uncertain
times is difficult. Accordingly, we have taken steps to contain legal-aid costs
within the limits of Ontario's constitutional and statutory obligations to
ensure legal representation to the poor.

We must commit the time, effort and resources to ensure equal access to justice
for all people. If we don't, our justice system, and the democratic principles
on which it is based, could end up paying a high price.
Sidney B. Linden was chief justice of the Ontario Court of Justice from 1990 to
1999. He is currently serving as chair of the board of directors of Legal Aid
Ontario while on leave from the Ontario Court.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2002 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             719 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                     December 2, 2001 Sunday FINAL EDITION

A KILLER DISEASE NO LESS DEADLY;
RICHMOND SUMMIT EMPHASIZES THAT DESPITE IMPROVED TREATMENTS, AIDS TAKES A HEAVY
TOLL ON CONTRA COSTA COUNTY

BYLINE: JOAN MORRIS, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: CONTRA COSTA; Pg. A31

LENGTH: 706 words


With African-American men in Richmond bearing the brunt of AIDS in Contra Costa
County, community leaders and county officials gathered in the city Saturday for
the first West Contra Costa World AIDS Day Summit.

The summit, which coincided with World AIDS Day, was designed to focus more
attention on AIDS and HIV, and to remind the community that although treatments
for the diseases have improved, AIDS remains a killer.

Scores of people attended the conference, which featured workshops on education,
teen awareness and finding ways of living with the diseases. The summit was
organized by the West Contra Costa County AIDS Task Force, formed in 1999 by
County Supervisor John Gioia and Richmond Mayor Rosemary Corbin.

Richmond accounts for 11 percent of the county population but has 25 percent of
the AIDS cases, said Dr. Wendel Brunner, director of the county's Public Health
Department. The numbers are even more skewed when it comes to race.

African-American men make up 9.2 percent of the county population but 30.4
percent of the AIDS cases.

Countywide, Brunner said, there have been 2,239 cases of AIDS this year -- 563
of them in Richmond. There are now 147 African-American men living with AIDS in
Richmond, compared to the next highest numbers, 38 in Pittsburg and 15 in
Concord.

The number of people dying from AIDS had dropped in the past six years. In 1995,
there were 50 deaths in Richmond attributed to AIDS-related causes. So far in
2001, there have been nine deaths.

Brunner and others worry that many people wrongfully believe the epidemic has
ended. Such assuredness can lead to increased risky behavior.

"AIDS is universal," Brunner said. "It affects every community and every
culture. Denial is also universal. Every community, every culture and country
want to believe AIDS isn't there, that they don't have a problem."

While county residents gathered at Richmond High School, organizations
throughout the nation and world conducted other AIDS-focused events. In Los
Angeles, executives from the nation's leading black media companies announced
the formation of the Black Media Task Force on AIDS, a collaborative effort to
increase AIDS awareness within the African-American community.

Jerry Lopes, president of operations and affiliations for American Urban Radio
Network, said the task force is "only the beginning of our efforts to address
the staggering effect of AIDS in the African-American community."

Also in Los Angeles, actor Danny Glover and former Congressman Ron Dellums of
Oakland announced the creation of a photographic tribute to 20 African-American
leaders in the fight against AIDS.

Called "Heroes to the Struggle," the photo exhibit, sponsored by the
African-American AIDS Policy and Training Institute, will be brought to venues
around the country.

Although African-Americans comprise just 13 percent of the total U.S.
population, more than half of those living with AIDS are African-American.

"We must understand that the AIDS pandemic is affecting people of African decent
disproportionately around the globe," Dellums said. "In Africa, we witness
staggering numbers of people infected by AIDS, and here in the U.S., there is
also an alarming increase of those infected by the disease."

Education was the focus for small workshops in Richmond, with particular
attention being given to teens. Representatives from the Center for Human
Development in Pleasant Hill directed two sessions designed to get teens
thinking about risks and choices.

Adam Kahn, a center representative, asked teens to list ways their lives would
be different if HIV and AIDS didn't exist. The teens, who appeared well-versed
in the dangers of having unprotected sex, said life would be much simpler if
they didn't have to worry about contracting a fatal disease.

The teens also recommended that parents talk to their children more about
sexually transmitted diseases, especially HIV. They also said they think the
reason young people are contracting HIV is a lack of education, the belief that
they are invincible and because some people feel so worthless and unloved that
they don't care if they become infected.

Reach Joan Morris at 925-977-8479 or jmorris@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, Desma Golden discusses a video during a RIchmond workshop meant
to help people live with HIV and AIDS. (Gregory Urquiaga, Times)

                       Copyright 2001 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             720 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         West County Times (California)

                     December 2, 2001 Sunday FINAL EDITION

DISEASE'S PROGRESS SOMBERLY OBSERVED;
* RICHMOND SUMMIT EMPHASIZES THAT DESPITE IMPROVED TREATMENTS, AIDS TAKES A
HEAVY TOLL ON CONTRA COSTA COUNTY

BYLINE: JOAN MORRIS, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: WEST COUNTY; Pg. A31

LENGTH: 706 words


With African-American men in Richmond bearing the brunt of AIDS in Contra Costa
County, community leaders and county officials gathered in the city Saturday for
the first West Contra Costa World AIDS Day Summit.

The summit, which coincided with World AIDS Day, was designed to focus more
attention on AIDS and HIV, and to remind the community that although treatments
for the diseases have improved, AIDS remains a killer.

Scores of people attended the conference, which featured workshops on education,
teen awareness and finding ways of living with the diseases. The summit was
organized by the West Contra Costa County AIDS Task Force, formed in 1999 by
County Supervisor John Gioia and Richmond Mayor Rosemary Corbin.

Richmond accounts for 11 percent of the county population but has 25 percent of
the AIDS cases, said Dr. Wendel Brunner, director of the county's Public Health
Department. The numbers are even more skewed when it comes to race.

African-American men make up 9.2 percent of the county population but 30.4
percent of the AIDS cases.

Countywide, Brunner said, there have been 2,239 cases of AIDS this year - 563 of
them in Richmond. There are now 147 African-American men living with AIDS in
Richmond, compared to the next highest numbers, 38 in Pittsburg and 15 in
Concord.

The number of people dying from AIDS had dropped in the past six years. In 1995,
there were 50 deaths in Richmond attributed to AIDS-related causes. So far in
2001, there have been nine deaths.

Brunner and others worry that many people wrongfully believe the epidemic has
ended. Such assuredness can lead to increased risky behavior.

"AIDS is universal," Brunner said. "It affects every community and every
culture. Denial is also universal. Every community, every culture and country
want to believe AIDS isn't there, that they don't have a problem."

While county residents gathered at Richmond High School, organizations
throughout the nation and world conducted other AIDS-focused events. In Los
Angeles, executives from the nation's leading black media companies announced
the formation of the Black Media Task Force on AIDS, a collaborative effort to
increase AIDS awareness within the African-American community.

Jerry Lopes, president of operations and affiliations for American Urban Radio
Network, said the task force is "only the beginning of our efforts to address
the staggering effect of AIDS in the African-American community."

Also in Los Angeles, actor Danny Glover and former Congressman Ron Dellums of
Oakland announced the creation of a photographic tribute to 20 African-American
leaders in the fight against AIDS.

Called "Heroes to the Struggle," the photo exhibit, sponsored by the
African-American AIDS Policy and Training Institute, will be brought to venues
around the country.

Although African-Americans comprise just 13 percent of the total U.S.
population, more than half of those living with AIDS are African-American.

"We must understand that the AIDS pandemic is affecting people of African decent
disproportionately around the globe," Dellums said. "In Africa, we witness
staggering numbers of people infected by AIDS, and here in the U.S., there is
also an alarming increase of those infected by the disease."

Education was the focus for small workshops in Richmond, with particular
attention being given to teens. Representatives from the Center for Human
Development in Pleasant Hill directed two sessions designed to get teens
thinking about risks and choices.

Adam Kahn, a center representative, asked teens to list ways their lives would
be different if HIV and AIDS didn't exist. The teens, who appeared well-versed
in the dangers of having unprotected sex, said life would be much simpler if
they didn't have to worry about contracting a fatal disease.

The teens also recommended that parents talk to their children more about
sexually transmitted diseases, especially HIV. They also said they think the
reason young people are contracting HIV is a lack of education, the belief that
they are invincible and because some people feel so worthless and unloved that
they don't care if they become infected.

Reach Joan Morris at 925-977-8479 or jmorris@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo. Desma Golden discusses a video Saturday during a Richmond
workshop meant to help people live with HIV and AIDS. (Gregory Urquiaga, Times).

                       Copyright 2001 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             721 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           The Daily Yomiuri (Tokyo)

                             August 5, 2001 Sunday

HIV;
AIDS requires back-to-basics approach

BYLINE: Masaharu Asaba

SOURCE: Yomiuri

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 881 words


The rampant spread of AIDS has become so serious it may endanger the survival of
sub-Saharan countries.

In 2001, both a special session of the U.N. General Assembly on HIV/AIDS and the
Group of Eight summit meeting in Genoa, Italy, discussed establishing a global
AIDS and health fund and vowed to wage a difficult war on the disease.

New AIDS medications have only limited use, though they receive a great deal of
attention in the West. It is essential in tackling the spread of HIV/AIDS to
educate people in AIDS-stricken countries on the importance of public health
issues.

This year is the 20th anniversary of the first reported case of AIDS, discovered
in a man in the United States.

According to an estimate of the Joint U.N. Program on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS), 21.8
million AIDS patients have died worldwide. There are 36.1 million HIV carriers,
with an estimated 5.3 million becoming infected each year.

Seventy percent of the world's HIV carriers live in Africa, where countries hit
especially hard by HIV/AIDS are becoming increasingly anxious that the large
number of young HIV/AIDS victims may trigger economic collapse.

HIV/AIDS is no longer a mere disease--it is now a global security issue.

It is expected that 1.3 billion dollars will be offered for the plan to
establish a global AIDS and health fund, likely to be launched within the year.

The World Health Organization and other entities initially had planned to wipe
out the disease as swiftly as possible by making a bulk purchase of new AIDS
drugs--at a per-patient cost of more than 1 million yen a year.

However, the drugs have a limited effect, and WHO has decided to focus on
developing effective social and medical infrastructure.

Nevertheless, it is a great achievement of modern medical science that HIV/AIDS,
which less than 20 years ago was thought by some to be incurable, can now be
treated.

There are more than 100 new AIDS drugs, generally prescribed in cocktails of
three or more per patient.

Used as directed, these cocktails can prevent the onset of symptoms related to
AIDS, and there are many reports of patients living a normal life. Some Western
medical experts even claim that the incidence of AIDS has decreased.

However, there are some doubts about this claim, and we must not be trapped into
entertaining any illusions about the new drugs.

One of the main drawbacks of the drugs is that the medication regimen is
difficult to maintain and many patients consequently discontinue its use
altogether.

For example, different AIDS drugs must be stored at different temperatures and
taken at different times. Moreover, administering the drugs can be a complicated
procedure.

Even prescribing the drug cocktail is difficult, being dependent on the
individual patient and how far the disease has progressed. Unlike cold tablets,
the patient cannot simply pop an AIDS pill.

Furthermore, if patients forget to take the drugs or reduce the dosage without a
doctor's consent, the concentration of medication in the bloodstream may fall,
leading not only to a loss in the drugs' potency against HIV, but also the
development of side effects.

If the virus acquires resistance to the drugs, other medicines with similar
chemical structures or which utilize similar mechanisms also may become
ineffective, making treatment that much more difficult.

HIV/AIDS treatment is difficult even in hospitals in industrialized countries
with state-of-the-art equipment and well-trained medical staff. In developing
countries like those in Africa, where people's sense of hygiene is poor and
clean water rare, conducting complicated treatment is unlikely.

As an alternative measure, impoverished Uganda and Senegal have reported a
slowdown in the spread of AIDS by promoting the use of condoms and increasing
sex and health education.

Their success tells us we have no choice but to fall back on the
basics--education and the use of condoms.

In fact, HIV/AIDS has won a temporary victory against humans in nations in the
grip of an HIV/AIDS epidemic because advanced medical technology has not been as
effective as the tried-and-true methods of combating sexually transmitted
diseases.

The problem is not confined to Africa. The new AIDS drugs have given even those
in the West the illusion the pandemic is at last containable. Gay communities
are reportedly caught up in the erroneous belief the drugs can protect them from
HIV/AIDS.

The number of new HIV cases reported among gays in Britain is lower than that
for heterosexuals. Both figures reflect both the victims' ignorance and their
lack of a sense of crisis.

In Japan, nearly 300 people are infected with HIV/AIDS annually. This number
actually increased by nearly 10 percent last year, indicating that the situation
needs close monitoring.

Industrialized countries can no longer view HIV/AIDS as someone else's problem.
We hope that all countries will look to their own houses in the wake of setting
up the global AIDS and health fund for African nations.

It is necessary to adopt a long-term perspective in solving the problem through
wise approaches, without relying excessively on medical technology or expecting
too much from the new drugs.

(Asaba is a senior editor of The Yomiuri Shimbun.)

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 The Yomiuri Shimbun


                             722 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               December 11, 2000, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

TEEN-AGERS TEACH FACTS, DISPELL MYTHS ABOUT HIV AND AIDS

BYLINE: Michelle B. Mueller; Special To The Post-DispatchINFORMATION; STDS;
VOLUNTEERS; STUDENTS; SAFE; SEX

SECTION: SOUTH POST, Pg. 6

LENGTH: 606 words


* Students from Cleveland Naval Junior ROTC Academy spoke to eighth-grade
leaders at Nottingham Middle School.

To recognize World AIDS Day, students from Cleveland Naval Junior ROTC Academy
shed light on HIV and AIDS for eighth-grade leaders at Nottingham Middle School.

The older teen-agers hope their younger peers will teach others how to avoid
risky behaviors associated with contracting AIDS.In a 45-minute presentation,
seniors Shereka McCracken and Quincy Barge talked about how casual unprotected
sex, contaminated needles for body piercing, tattoos and drugs as well as the
blood-to-blood contact with a person infected with HIV increased the risk of
contracting the deadly virus. Blood, semen, vaginal fluids and breast milk
transmitted the disease from one person to another, they said.

Both Shereka and Quincy have been trained to teach others about HIV/ AIDS
through the American Red Cross YouthCorps program. While they outlined what AIDS
was and how people got it, eighth-graders listened quietly and asked candid
questions.

"You can get HIV through unprotected sex," explained Shereka. "You need to use a
latex condom, not a lambskin one. But that only reduces the risk. Abstinence is
the only sure way to avoid it."

Eighth-graders learned that although there was treatment to control AIDS, there
was no cure. People with AIDS will die from infections they cannot fight as a
result of a weakened immune system. But with the help of AZT, a drug used to
slow the progression of the virus, people with AIDS can liver longer than
without the drug.

Most people with AIDS must take dozens of pills a day on a strict schedule to
control the virus.

Quincy also dispelled some of the myths of AIDS.

"You can't tell by looking at a person that he has it," said Quincy. "You can't
get it by casual touching or kissing."

More people have AIDS who don't know they have it than those who do know they
have it, says Dana Mikolay, a youth-education specialist with YouthCorps.

According to statistics from the Missouri Department of Health for 1999, 1,222
people had HIV in St. Louis and 2,315 people had AIDS; in St. Louis County,
there were 535 reported cases of HIV and 1,287 cases of AIDS.

People ages 15 to 44 have the fastest-growing rate of infection, according to
the health department.

In fact, people who are not infected with the AIDS virus are more of a threat to
people with AIDS than AIDS patients are to healthy people, Mikolay.

"If you have a cold, you might take an extra Vitamin C or some medicine and
you'll get over it, but if a person with AIDS gets a cold, they can end up in
the hospital with a life-threatening illness," Mikolay told the eighth-graders.

When eighth-grader Deshonda Linwood asked whether a person could contract AIDS
by a mosquito that bit an infected person, Mikolay reassured her. HIV can be
transmitted only through human-to-human contact, she says.

Cleveland students say it's important to educate their peers about HIV and AIDS
because it's a subject that makes some teens uncomfortable.

"This particular subject isn't talked about by teens or talked about at home,"
said Shereka. "I like teaching about it because I learn something new every day.

Shereka, who has been teaching peers about HIV/AIDS through YouthCorps for two
years, recently earned the Outstanding Youth Award from the American Red Cross
for her work with YouthCorps.

Deshonda says she appreciated the new information she learned about HIV and
AIDS.

"Now I can go out and tell other people about it," says Deshonda. "It's better
hearing about it from people your own age."

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO PHOTOS by HILLARY LEVIN:
 (1) Shereka McCracken (left) and Quincy Barge, both seniors at Cleveland Naval
Junior ROTC Academy, lead a discussion about HIV and AIDS with eighth-graders at
Nottingham Community Education Center. Shereka and Quincy are members of the
American Red Cross YouthCorps at their school.
 (2) Nottingham eight-graders Kelby Brucker (left), 12, and Fallon Gage, 13,
participate in the discussion about the transmission and prevention of HIV and
AIDS>

                  Copyright 2000 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             723 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 22, 1997, Tuesday, Final Edition

AIDS Policy Director Puts Stress on Science; Activists Give New Appointee High
Marks

Susan Okie, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A17; THE FEDERAL PAGE

LENGTH: 1322 words


Government officials should put science ahead of political considerations in
deciding how to fight the AIDS epidemic, particularly when it comes to
controversial strategies such as needle exchange programs and sex education in
schools, said Sandra Thurman, President Clinton's new "AIDS czar."

"We need to let science drive on the issue of education, on the issue of needle
exchange, on other issues that are pressing in this epidemic and not be afraid
to do that," Thurman said in an interview.

Thurman, a longtime AIDS activist whom Clinton appointed this month as director
of the Office of National AIDS Policy, also said she worries that news reports
about promising new treatments have left many people with the false impression
that the epidemic is over.

"I am fearful that people won't be as careful as they need to be because there
is this general perception now, with the advent of protease inhibitors and other
drugs . . . that this is a disease that is now controllable," she said. "That
simply is not the case. This epidemic is not over. We have to focus on
prevention, we have to focus on finding a cure and we have to focus on
developing a vaccine."

Thurman, who for four years headed AID Atlanta, that city's largest AIDS service
organization, comes from a socially prominent, politically connected Georgia
family and has stellar credentials in the AIDS community as well as close ties
with Clinton. AIDS activists said her appointment to the AIDS policy post gives
them hope that the president will devote more attention and resources to
fighting the epidemic.

"Her compassion and her commitment to our lives is so evident," said Cornelius
Baker, executive director of the National Association of People with AIDS. "I
know there are a lot of people with HIV -- and I am one -- who would want us to
have . . . somebody like a Jesse Jackson. While I think that would be an
exciting prospect, there are few people whom I would trust with my life more
than I would trust Sandy Thurman."

However, several observers said Thurman is taking on the job at a moment in the
epidemic when the demand for funds to pay for AIDS treatment is mounting and
available federal resources are likely to shrink.

"Given an impossible job, she's certainly the best person," said Pat Christen,
executive director of the San Francisco AIDS Foundation, who was a candidate for
the position.

Baker and other AIDS activists noted that the Clinton administration so far has
a mixed record on AIDS. Federal funding for treatment, research and prevention
has increased in recent years, and last year, for the first time, national
mortality rates from AIDS began to decline. However, recent reports by panels of
nongovernment experts have called for a shift in research priorities and have
sharply criticized federal policies for failing to pursue strategies that
studies suggest would help curb the epidemic.

The most frequently cited examples are the current ban on federal funding for
needle exchange programs to reduce the transmission among drug addicts of the
human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) that causes AIDS, and a $ 50 million federal
appropriation passed by Congress last year for sex education programs for
teenagers that focus exclusively on abstinence, without discussing condoms and
other safer-sex measures.

As director of AID Atlanta, Thurman gained a reputation for directness, humor
and persuasiveness. But AIDS activists suggested that her strongest credential
for the new job may be her close relationship with Clinton. They said her
predecessors in the Office of AIDS Policy, Patricia S. Fleming and Kristine M.
Gebbie, were hampered by inadequate resources and limited access to the
president.

Thurman, who ran Clinton's 1992 campaign for the Georgia Democratic presidential
primary and was chairwoman of his Little Rock inaugural ball earlier this year,
may have a better chance of overcoming those obstacles. In announcing her
appointment at the White House earlier this month, Clinton said: "She is
passionate. She is committed. She is difficult to say no to. And I have already
assured her that she will have the support and the resources she will need,
including my personal support, to succeed in this all-important task."

Thurman left a position she had only recently begun as director of citizen
exchange for the United States Information Agency to take the AIDS policy
position, and she joked in an interview that she was "leaving one of the best
jobs in the federal government to take one of the worst." She said the president
already has made good on a promise to move the AIDS policy office from its old
headquarters on 17th Street NW into the Old Executive Office Building, adjacent
to the White House.

She was pessimistic, however, about getting substantial increases for AIDS
spending in future federal budgets, despite the growing demand for funds to pay
for expensive new antiviral drugs. "I think we're not going to see the increases
that we've seen in the past, but I do think we can certainly look at where we're
expending our resources and hopefully come up with the resources that we need .
. . particularly to get the drugs to the people who need them," she said.

She said her goal as AIDS policy director will be "to coordinate the federal
response to the epidemic" and that she intends to bring together representatives
from the various government agencies dealing with that response, including HIV
prevention, AIDS treatment, treatment for drug abusers, school-based AIDS
education and other activities. "To my knowledge, we haven't had a meeting of
that type since this administration has been in office," she said.

Thurman praised the current federal policy of allowing local leaders to decide
what kinds of HIV prevention programs will work in their communities, but added
that such choices must be informed by science. In designing sex education
programs, for example, "we have to be realistic and look at what our research is
telling us in terms of children's behavior," she said. "Yes, abstinence
certainly is our first line of defense, but . . . the facts are that young
people are engaging in sexual activity at earlier ages and we need to give them
the tools they need to lead safe and healthy lives."

She said her involvement with AIDS began early in the epidemic. "I had several
friends who were infected, and I began giving respite care to their families and
loved ones, because when people were infected, everyone was sort of abandoning
them," she recalled. Later, she delivered meals and provided home care for
people with AIDS as a volunteer for AID Atlanta, then did fund-raising and
publicity for the organization before becoming its executive director in 1989.

"I was particularly concerned in the South that people from the mainstream, like
me, were not responding to the epidemic in ways that I thought were
appropriate," she said.

Friends spoke admiringly of her sense of humor. As director of AID Atlanta,
Thurman reportedly kept a Wedgwood teacup full of colored condoms on her desk. A
few years later, when she worked on child survival issues at Atlanta's Carter
Center, Baker recalled a day when the pair walked out of the center's hilltop
headquarters and he remarked that the city before them had been burned by Gen.
Sherman during the Civil War.

"Sandy just took a look at me and she said, 'That's where my relatives lived.'
And I have to tell you, as a northern black man, had it been anyone other than
Sandy I would have taken offense, but I think it's impossible to take offense
with her," Baker said.

Thurman spent last weekend looking for a house in Washington, but she said that
for now she doesn't intend to give up her southern roots. She plans to keep her
house in Atlanta at least for a year or so, while she tests out her challenging
new job.

"This is a good time to leave a back door open," she said.


NAME: SANDRA THURMAN

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, reuter/ rick wilking; Illustration, The Washington Post, SANDRA
THURMAN, Director, Office of National AIDS Policy EDUCATION Bachelor's degree in
human resources administration and management, Mercer University.  PERSONAL
Divorced, no children.  CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Director of Advocacy Programs at the
Task Force for Child Survival and Development at Atlanta's Carter Center,
1993-1996; Executive director of AID Atlanta, a community-based organization
sponsoring AIDS prevention programs and providing health and support services to
people with HIV/AIDS, 1989-1993.  AIDS SPENDING AND MORTALITY RATES AIDS
discretionary spending fiscal years, in millions Program '96 '97 '98* FDA $73
$73 $73 HRSA 762 1,001 1,041 (Ryan White CARE) (757) (996) (1,036) IHS 3 4 4 CDC
583 617 634 NIH 1,411 1,501 1,540 SAMHSA 54 66 67 AHCPR 6 4 1 OHAP 0.5 0.5 0.6
Reported AIDS deaths In thousands 1996: 22,000 * Proposed FDA -- Food & Drug
Administration, HRSA -- Health Resources and Services Administration, IHS --
Indian Health Services, CDC -- Center for Disease Control, NIH -- National
Institutes of Health, SAMHSA -- Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services
Administration, AHCPR -- Agency for Health Care Policy and Research, OHAP --
Office of HIV/AIDS Policy SOURCE: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
President and vice president applaud Sandra Thurman at April 7 ceremony
announcing her appointment.

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                             724 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                                October 24, 1995

Inaccurate and offensive terms

BYLINE: By Joycelyn Lee

SECTION: Health Red ribbon; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 464 words


MOST people would have heard of HIV and AIDS by now and know, at least,
the rudimentary facts about the virus and the disease. And because of the
growing public awareness, many would know of the issues linked with the
disease.

However, some terms frequently used to describe HIV and AIDS are
inaccurate while others are simply offensive.

Some terms to avoid are:

AIDS - Many still confuse AIDS with HIV. While someone may be HIV
positive, it may be 10 years or more before he or she develops AIDS. An
alternative is HIV-positive person or HIV/AIDS.

AIDS carrier - This term is highly stigmatising and thus highly
offensive to many people with HIV and AIDS. It is also incorrect as the
infective agent is HIV. Alternatives are person with HIV/AIDS or HIV-
positive person.

AIDS victim or sufferer: Many people with HIV and AIDS feel this implies
they are powerless and have no control over their lives. For similar
reasons, many dislike being referred to as AIDS sufferers.

AIDS virus: There is no such thing as an "AIDS virus". There is only the
human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), which causes AIDS.

Full-blown AIDS: This term implies that there is such a thing as "half-
blown" AIDS. A person only has AIDS when he has an AIDS-defining illness
such as opportunistic infections which have been the major cause of
illness and death for people with AIDS.

Innocent victims: Usually used to describe HIV-positive children or
people with medically-acquired HIV infection. It implies that people
infected in other ways are guilty and deserve to get infected.

High-risk group: This implies that membership of a particular group,
rather than behaviour, is the significant factor in HIV transmission. This
may lull people who do not identify with a high-risk group into a false
sense of security. It is high-risk behaviour such as sharing needles and
unsafe sex which can spread HIV.

There is still the misconception that HIV is still confined to gay men
and sex workers. This is not true, especially in Asia which is not only
experiencing an economic boom but also a HIV boom of epidemic proportions.

Bodily fluids: Be specific as bodily fluids include blood, semen, breast
milk and vaginal fluids, saliva and sweat. It is generally agreed that HIV
cannot be transmitted through bodily fluids such as saliva, sweat or
tears.

It has to be admitted that not only the general population uses such
politically-incorrect terms but that the main culprits have been the
authorities dealing with HIV and AIDS cases and especially the media.

As the disease seems to be here to stay, it makes sense to be more
sensitive towards those who are HIV positive as the person could be
someone close - a friend, a relative, a brother or a lover.


LOAD-DATE: March 11, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 1995 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                             725 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             June 15, 1995 Thursday

Abandoning the world's poor

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 560 words


IS the world less generous than it used to be? We would hope not,
especially if the much-trumpeted notion of "common security" means that
the real threat to stability today is poverty, disease, hunger and mass
migration, all of which foreign aid seeks to minimize. If the latest
report of the international consortium of aid organizations is any
measure, however, the world is abandoning its poor.

The Reality of Aid, calling itself an independent review of
international assistance, documents the new parsimony. For the first time
in a generation, the world's wealthiest nations gave less aid in 1993 -
$56-billion (US) - than they did in 1992 ($61-billion). For 14 of 21
donors, aid has fallen from an average 0.33 per cent of gross domestic
product to 0.30 per cent, its lowest level since 1973. Despite economic
growth in industrialized countries, the study finds that "the era of
gradually growing assistance for the poor seems to have come to an end."

What's more, the report finds that aid isn't always going to the
countries that need it most. In sub-Saharan Africa, for example, aid per
person fell from $80 to $69 between 1989 and 1993. Increasingly, the
emphasis is helping countries where aid generates the greatest economic
return for the donor. Tied aid, or forcing recipients to buy goods from
the donor, is rising.

Everywhere, it seems, aid is under attack. In the United States, which
ranks at the bottom of the countries of the Organization for Economic Co-
Operation and Development, with 0.19 per cent of GDP, the Republicans want
to cut aid by a fifth. Germany is expected to cut its disbursements by 1.4
per cent this year; aid from Italy is 60 per cent below its level of 1992;
there is doubt about new commitments from France and Japan. The countries
that plan to increase or maintain aid - Ireland, Austria, Luxembourg - are
too small to matter.

Then there is Canada. In the last budget, official development
assistance was cut 15 per cent. Although the government remains committed
to reaching 0.70 per cent of GDP - a goal set 27 years ago - aid is now
around 0.30 per cent per cent and dropping. Canada ranked fourth of 21
countries in 1993, but its aid is expected to drop to .29 per cent by
1997-1998, likely below the OECD average.

Thus one of the world's most generous donors is becoming one of its
more miserly. The reason is the deficit; as the aid program is cut, so are
social programs. The consortium would like to see foreign aid rise,
believing more is always good, but that is unlikely to happen in Canada
(or anywhere else.) In the near term the best we can hope for is that aid
will stabilize, and that Canada will make its program more focused and
less commercial.

To that end, the government could act boldly now. It could untie aid
and trade, which distorts the free market. It could make the elimination
of poverty the priority of foreign aid, and ensure a higher percentage of
resources are directed there. It could reduce the number of middle-income
countries that receive aid and concentrate on the poorest ones. It could
legislate the mandate of the Canadian International Development Agency and
protect it from political pressure. It could transfer CIDA's industrial
programs to the Export Development Corp., where they belong.

If there is to be less money for the poor, which this report suggests,
let us spend it more wisely. Less aid can be better aid.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1995 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             726 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  May 2, 1995, Tuesday, INTERNATIONAL EDITION

Foreign aid may go way of cold war

BYLINE: Juan J. Walte

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1063 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Roger Luncehoin, a senior government official in the former British colony of
Guyana, is worried about what's going on in Washington regarding the fate of
U.S. foreign aid.

Guyana, an Idaho-sized nation on the northern coast of South America, doesn't
get much direct U.S. aid -- only about $ 50,000 in military training funds.

But it does get millions of dollars worth of U.S. food shipments -- about 40,000
tons a year.

Whether that will continue "depends on the whims, desires and decisions of the
American parliamentary system," Luncehoin said in statements published earlier
this year.

"We are worried," acknowledged Luncehoin, chief of staff to Guyana's president
Cheddi Jagan.

Indeed, as the Cold War has ended, so it seems is one of the U.S. programs
created by that superpower conflict and long a key component of U.S. foreign
policy: foreign aid.

Republicans have been sharpening their budgetary knives ever since their
electoral victory last fall, when they gained control of Congress for the first
time in nearly 40 years.

Some of their specific targets:

U.N. peacekeeping operations.

The foreign aid program, along with the federal office that administers it --
the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID).

"The foreign aid program has spent an estimated $ 2 trillion of the American
taxpayers' money, much of it going down foreign rat holes," says Senate Foreign
Relations chairman Jesse Helms, R-N.C., one of the key foreign aid players in
Congress.

In the upcoming foreign aid debate on Capitol Hill, which is expected to resume
this week as both houses of Congress return from a spring break, Helms is viewed
as the most hardline opponent of this type of assistance.

However, Sen. Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., has emerged as the stronger foe. As
chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, he has a bigger say over funds
than Helms.

Both Helms and McConnell have vowed to reduce foreign aid across the board --
except for Israel and Egypt, considered of strategic importance to the United
States.

McConnell, in a broad legislative initiative unveiled last Dec. 12, also
proposed eliminating the Agency for International Development and stopping what
he called the Clinton administration's "Russia-first" policy by giving more aid
to the Baltic states, Ukraine, Armenia and Georgia as a counterweight to Russia.

A draft report prepared by the Senate Budget Committee for the foreign-aid
debate, published earlier this year, proposes cutting foreign aid by some $ 3.5
billion.

The report also calls for ending a wide range of U.S. peacekeeping,
international lending and arms controls programs and for phasing out aid to
Russia, other former Soviet republics, Turkey, Greece, Cyprus and Ireland over
five years.

"I'm concerned that effectively abolishing AID -- combined with the proposed
cuts in development assistance -- will seriously undermine U.S. leadership and
leverage around the world," says Julia Taft, president of the American Council
for Voluntary International Action (InterAction).

-- Some beneficiaries of American economic and military aid:

-- Small and poor Third World nations like Mauritius and Antigua.

-- Developed European countries like Austria and Finland.

-- Geopolitically important Middle East allies like Egypt and Israel.

The programs range from $ 25,000 for the tiny Eastern Caribbean nation of
Antigua to $ 3 billion for Israel.

In all, Congress appropriated $ 14.5 billion for foreign aid this year -- a
minuscule portion of the trillion-dollar U.S. budget.

Foreign aid "constitutes a critical investment in the future of the American
economy," says USAID assistant administrator Jill Buckley.

That may be so, but conservative analysts see foreign aid as tantamount to
international welfare. "AID has failed in its mission to promote economic growth
in less developed countries," says Heritage Foundation policy analyst Bryan
Johnson.

"There is little correlation between foreign aid spending and economic growth,"
he adds. "Rather, the evidence shows that those countries which have graduated
from the depth of poverty and into the developed world did so by creating the
economic freedom that is necessary for expanding economies."

But are Republican skepticism and even misgivings about foreign aid a reflection
of the public mood?

A detailed poll conducted earlier this year by the University of Maryland's
Program on International Policy Attitudes concludes that while there is
opposition to foreign aid as such, much of that is based on erroneous
information and comes largely from an exaggerated idea of its size.

As many as 75% of respondents to the poll say the United States spends too much
on foreign aid, but they tend to greatly overestimate that figure. Most estimate
the United States spends about 18% of its budget on foreign aid -- and shouldn't
spend more than 5%.

In fact, the United States now spends between $ 13 billion and $ 15 billion a
year on foreign aid, including military assistance. That's less than 1% of the $
1.5 trillion federal budget.

Steven Kull, who directed the University of Maryland poll, says the high
estimates could be because "what people think of as foreign aid is actually the
spending within the defense budget."

USAID, and its current director J. Brian Atwood, have used polls such as these
-- and endorsements from dozens of non-government agencies to bolster a campaign
to seek the survival of foreign aid and of AID itself.

"Occasionally, the demagoguery and the epithets are painful," says Atwood,
recalling that even a recent secretary of State -- James Baker -- believes AID
no longer is needed.

Baker, in a statement to a congressional committee earlier this year, said
USAID, Arms Control and Disarmament Agency (ACDA) and the U.S. Information
Agency should all be abolished. "Let me be blunt," he told the House
International Relations Committee, "AID's only useful purpose is to serve as a
standard for inefficiency for other agencies to avoid."

Atwood, in a speech earlier this year in Washington to the International
Developments Conference, recalled criticisms leveled at AID and the foreign
program by Helms.

" 'Throwing money down rat holes' comes to mind," Atwood said. "(But) let me
assure you that the Clinton administration is not interest in weakening our
nation's commitment to sustainable development."

LOAD-DATE: May 03, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Senate draft proposal seeks cuts of some $ 3.5 billion

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             727 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                November 16, 1994, Wednesday, FIVE STAR Edition

AIDS CASES TRANSMITTED BY MOTHERS UP SHARPLY; DOCTORS CALL HEALTH WORKERS HARD
PRESSED

BYLINE: Roger Signor Post-Dispatch Science-Medicine Editor

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 642 words


The number of babies and children who got AIDS in the wombs of their infected
mothers has increased sharply in the St. Louis area.

Children with AIDS need more intensive care than adult patients, and they're
already taxing the resources of health care workers, doctors say.

Most babies who get AIDS from their mothers live one to seven years. About 10 to
20 percent die within their first year; about 10 percent live longer than 7
years. A few reach their teens.

At the AIDS clinic of St. Louis Children's Hospital, doctors oversee 24 infected
children and 16 others at risk of developing the disease. A similar clinic at
Cardinal Glennon Children's Hospital has 10 babies with AIDS. It's monitoring
another five children who were exposed to the virus before birth.

Neither hospital had a child with AIDS in 1986. But this year, St. Louis
Children's Hospital already has seen 17 new cases of children who are infected
with AIDS or are at risk of developing the disease.

The problem will get far worse, doctors say. That's because many more women of
childbearing age - here and nationwide - are contracting AIDS through
unprotected sexual intercourse with infected men, they say.

About 100,000 women nationwide are infected with HIV, the virus that causes
AIDS, says the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta.
Each year, 7,000 infants are born to infected women. From 1,000 to 2,000 of
these babies develop AIDS, the federal agency says.

"The few drugs available to treat AIDS aren't cures, but they definitely help;
mothers and their children often respond well to AZT," Dr. Gregory A. Storch,
chief of the infectious diseases unit at St. Louis Children's Hospital, said
Tuesday.

"But if you give AZT to pregnant mothers with AIDS, you can keep 75 percent of
the babies they deliver from developing the disease," he said. The best chance
of preventing AIDS in babies is by giving AZT to mothers early in their
pregnancy, he said.

About 25 percent of babies delivered to women with AIDS will also get the
disease if the mothers don't get AZT while they're pregnant, said Dr. John
Bouhasin, director of the pediatric AIDS unit at Cardinal Glennon Hospital.

"The official total of babies developing AIDS seems small to many people, but
it's misleading," said Bouhasin. "You don't see all the children who are
infected until they're brought to the hospital, when they're extremely ill or
dead on arrival," he said.

It takes up to 18 months after birth for tests to show whether an infant born to
an infected mother has developed AIDS.

Most women with AIDS are blacks in their teens or early 20s, he said. "Unless
they're in a public health system, neither the mothers nor their babies get all
the treatment or tests they need," Bouhasin said.

Five to 10 years ago, babies infected with AIDS got symptoms of the disease and
died when they were three or four months old.

Now, such children with AIDS live much longer because their infections are being
treated, he said. Like adults, most children with AIDS die from pneumonia or
cancers that their crippled immune systems cannot fight off.

"The families of children with AIDS and the health care system are over-taxed,"
Bouhasin said. It costs about $ 40,000 a year to take care of one child with the
disease, he said.

It's hard to recruit enough health care workers to take care of these children.
Some health workers believe the risk of contracting AIDS accidentally is greater
when taking care of children.

"So the people who are left to take care of these children are really loaded
down," Bouhasin said. "The stress that it puts on nurses and doctors is
tremendous."

The same is true for families. Often grandparents are the care providers for
both their grandchildren with AIDS and their daughters, the children's mothers,
he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC; Graphic Chart By Post-Dispatch - New Cases In St. Louis
Children's Hospital AIDS Clinic* for 1987 through 1994. (* Includes infected and
possibly infected children)

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             728 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 26, 1994, Tuesday, Final Edition

The Woman Who Would Not Be 'Czar';
As AIDS Chief Kristine Gebbie Retires, Skepticism of Administration's Commitment
Continues

Don Colburn, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: HEALTH; PAGE Z7

LENGTH: 1197 words


Kristine M. Gebbie doesn't remind anyone -- not her critics, her allies, surely
not herself -- of a czar.

Whatever her 13-month tenure as the Clinton administration's chief AIDS policy
officer was, it was not czarlike, which the dictionary defines as wielding
"great or unlimited power over others."

Gebbie, who became a lightning rod for frustration on the part of AIDS groups
around the country, resigned "by mutual agreement" this month. She leaves office
next Tuesday.

One of her biggest problems, she said in an interview, was that the media and
others "continued to call me a czar when I wasn't one." While Gebbie's title was
national AIDS policy coordinator, she was dubbed the administration's AIDS czar.

"It was a complete misnomer from the beginning," said Daniel T. Bross, executive
director of the Washington-based AIDS Action Council, which coordinates about
1,100 community groups providing services to people with AIDS.

Unfortunately, Bross said, the office that Gebbie headed suffered from "a lack
of clarity, a lack of specificity and a lack of mission. Unless they fix that
this time around, they're going to have the same problem all over again."

The Office of National AIDS Policy, created to fulfill a campaign pledge by Bill
Clinton, was charged with coordinating the federal government's overall response
to the epidemic. But it had little direct authority, and its exact policy role
was never made clear, both Gebbie and her critics agree. Although it is part of
the White House operation, its staff and budget came under the Department of
Health and Human Services (HHS) -- an arrangment that led to confusion and
conflict. From the outset, Gebbie, a registered nurse and former state health
commissioner in Oregon and Washington, was regarded as an outsider to federal
politics. She was criticized by AIDS groups for spending too much time outside
the nation's capital and for having an ineffective staff.

Gebbie's low profile in Washington dashed high expectations among those on the
front lines of the fight against AIDS. Two groups, ACT UP and the National
Association of People With AIDS, called for Gebbie's dismissal last spring.

A signed editorial in the current issue of Poz, a bimonthly magazine aimed at
HIV-positive people, referred to Gebbie as "the so-called AIDS czar" and said
"her 'leadership' will be nothing more than another sad chapter in the history
of the AIDS pandemic."

"Kristine Gebbie may be a nice person, but she was a lousy leader," Poz
publisher Sean O. Strub wrote. "Good riddance."

Others were more measured.

"I'm disappointed," said David E. Rogers, a professor of medicine at Cornell
Medical College who served as vice chairman of the National Commission on AIDS.
"AIDS has sort of fallen off the radar screen at a time when the epidemic
continues to march relentlessly along."

Appointment of a national AIDS czar was a key recommendation of the commission,
which went out of business a year ago, three days after Gebbie was named by
Clinton.

"Our fond hope was that this office would be the heir apparent to the commission
and would make a fair amount of noise and keep AIDS high on the public agenda,"
Rogers said. "That simply hasn't happened."

He blames mainly a lack of attention from White House officials to the AIDS
office: "They haven't supported it. They haven't given it money. They haven't
given it authority."

Rogers described Gebbie as a smart and dedicated consensus-builder. "She just
didn't have the firepower to do the job -- and wasn't given it by the White
House."

The clout of the AIDS coordinator lies in "the power of persuasion and the power
of access and the power of commitment," Bross said. "That requires being there
and being taken seriously and being listened to."

Among many AIDS organizations, Gebbie was seen as none of those.

In a city where access to power is power and perceived influence is real
influence, even the site of her office became a political symbol. Her main desk
is not in the west wing of the White House, nor the old Executive Office
Building, not even the New Executive Office Building. It's on the 10th floor of
an office building above a McDonald's restaurant on 17th Street.

Among some AIDS groups, that became a symbol of Gebbie's out-of-the-loop status.

About six weeks ago, under growing pressure from AIDS groups, the administration
began considering a restructuring of the AIDS office. In ensuing discussions,
Gebbie said, it became clear to all involved that the needed changes would be
easier if she were replaced. "It can be very difficult to reorganize an office
around an incumbent," Gebbie said.

Gebbie said she would advise her still-unchosen successor to "Get more clarity
with the president and other administration officials, as well as members of key
advocacy groups, right from the beginning."

While she has "no doubt whatsoever" that Clinton cares deeply about people with
AIDS and the struggle against the epidemic, she said her lack of access to the
president "was interpreted as [meaning] the president didn't care."

The administration's official response to Gebbie's resignation was polite but
tepid. President Clinton said she had served "ably and with dedication." HHS
Secretary Donna E. Shalala said Gebbie "deserves our appreciation for taking on
a difficult job."

That job, as Gebbie sees it, is to make sure the struggle against the epidemic
cuts across all branches of government, without excluding groups or ignoring
tough political issues such as sex education or housing for AIDS patients.

But Rogers said the need is for "someone who will take all those cabinet members
and whack their heads together and say this is a priority."

One source of Gebbie's difficulties was the sharply raised expectations of AIDS
groups when President Clinton took office. In the AIDS community, where
Presidents Reagan and Bush were largely seen as either ignoring the issue,
Clinton campaigned openly about AIDS as a health crisis.

But major administration initiatives, including a 29 percent increase in AIDS
funding this year, were overshadowed by the perception of drift in the White
House AIDS office.

A key question, Gebbie said, was "how this office fits into the White House
structure ... and how it fits in with HHS. No matter how you answer that, some
people will be grumpy."

She said her biggest accomplishment was in helping to "legitimize the national
discussion of AIDS," broadening the debate beyond the AIDS advocacy
organizations to community groups of all kinds.

"What still has to be realized," she said, "is that no matter how big the checks
the federal government writes, it is local action that translates to real
services to people."

It was a sense of urgency in defining that task that critics missed in the White
House AIDS office.

"There needs to be somebody in charge with a strong presidential commitment who
can define the task -- and then just go do it," said Jane Silver, public policy
director for the American Foundation for AIDS Research.

Czar or nonczar, Silver said, the coordinator must see the struggle against AIDS
in strategic terms: "It's a war and we have to win."



LOAD-DATE: July 29, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, KRISTINE GEBBIE, SHOWN WITH THE PRESIDENT IN JUNE 1993, HAS THIS
ADVICE FOR HER SUCCESSOR: "GET MORE CLARITY ... RIGHT FROM THE BEGINNING.",
JAMES M. THRESHER

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                             729 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           The Sunday Times (London)

                           November 21, 1993, Sunday

The unspoken truth on Aids

BYLINE: Jonathan Miller

SECTION: Home news

LENGTH: 584 words


One great triumph of the political correctness movement in Britain has been to
persuade the nation that Aids is the greatest health hazard of our time. No
other illness has commanded to its cause so many column inches or hours of
television time, or attracted so many celebrities, from the Princess of Wales to
Elton John. There is now one Aids organisation for every three victims in
Britain. Yet virtually nothing told to us by the well-organised and lavishly
financed Aids lobby has turned out to be true.

Those who dare challenge the Aids orthodoxy can expect to be subjected to the
most vitriolic abuse (see yesterday's attack on The Sunday Times in the Daily
Telegraph colour magazine). They are certainly unlikely to be recipients of the
first Aids journalism awards, announced last week by the Health Education
Authority (HEA). As judges, the HEA has appointed a panel including three of its
staff. There will be no prizes, then, for rubbishing the HEA.

This is a pity, since the HEA is at the heart of the Aids establishment, having
been appointed by credulous ministers to spearhead the public misinformation
campaign that began in 1986 with a colossal and utterly false advertising drive
warning that ''everyone'' was equally at risk. Seven years later, fewer than 100
people outside the high-risk groups have died.

Another story unlikely to pick up any prizes from the HEA is the shameful
response of health professionals who ought to know better. In 1989, the Royal
College of Nursing was predicting that within six years Aids would afflict 1m
people in Britain. As of April, the number of Aids victims in Britain had
reached 7,300 almost all of them homosexual men and intravenous drug abusers.

Then there is the mounting evidence that the much ballyhooed test for HIV, in
which a positive result is claimed to be the precursor of full-blown Aids, is
wildly inaccurate. Now even the link between HIV and Aids is in dispute, since
many of those who test positive for HIV continue stubbornly to refuse to die.

The exposure of the myth of African Aids in The Sunday Times has knocked away
yet another pillar of the Aids religion. This newspaper last month reported that
in central Africa, the World Health Organisation (WHO) and the Aids industry
have created an epidemic of HIV-itis, distracting money and attention from the
known problems of malaria and tuberculosis. A convincing rebuttal of this
finding has yet to come forth.

Then there is the role of the drug companies. Wellcome, which makes AZT, the
expensive medicine prescribed to thousands of HIV sufferers, has made millions
from the Aids plague, and has used some of its profits lavishly to subsidise
leading organisations in the Aids establishment. Yet in independent tests, AZT
has been shown to be useless at preventing Aids.

The great unmentionable because it is politically correct to legitimise
homosexuality is that the Aids debate is not complicated. There are two groups
likely to die of Aids. The first and largest is homosexuals who engage in
promiscuous anal intercourse. The second is those who abuse drugs.

The remedy, therefore, for virtually all Aids is simple and cheap: homosexuals
must refrain from anal intercourse, and drug abusers must stop abusing drugs,
especially by injection.

That the rest of us are pouring billions into a probably fruitless quest for a
''cure'' in other words, a pill that makes it safe for them to continue their
unhealthy practices is a scandal.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1993 Times Newspapers Limited


                             730 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           December 3, 1992, Thursday

A call to action on AIDS

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section A; Page 16

LENGTH: 488 words


Across the nation Tuesday, World AIDS Day was marked with efforts to focus
attention on the devastating disease. Here in Georgia, state health officials
released information that should make metro Atlantans take notice: AIDS is the
leading cause of death of men ages 20 to 44 in Fulton and DeKalb counties.

The statistics also show the two counties are at the epicenter of the state's
growing AIDS problem, with 75 percent of Georgia's reported AIDS cases. Those
numbers should be a call to action for those who must meet metro Atlanta's AIDS
crisis.

Both immediate and long-term efforts are essential for an effective fight
against AIDS. The best possible treatment must be made accessible to those
already suffering. Just as important are programs to prevent new cases of the
disease if the tolls in lost lives and staggering medical costs are to be
minimized.

State and local officials must move with urgency on at least two fronts of metro
Atlanta's fight against AIDS.

Of most immediate concern is providing funds so the drug AZT will be available
to people who otherwise could not afford it. AZT has proven effective in
prolonging the life of AIDS patients. For many, the expensive drug provides the
only hope that they can carry on long enough to one day benefit from more
effective treatments.

Federal and state funds provided under the Ryan White Emergency Care Act have
helped Georgians with AIDS pay for AZT. But the demand exceeds what is
available, and the money is expected to run out by January.

Gov. Zell Miller has wisely decided to allocate money from his discretionary
fund to ensure that the financial help will flow to AIDS patients until April.
This will give the state Legislature time to act.

After they convene in January, the lawmakers will be asked to grant the state
Department of Human Resources enough supplemental budget funding to meet the
needs of Georgia AIDS patients whose lives depend on this assistance.

The other pressing need is for Grady Memorial Hospital to move forward on its
plans for an expanded AIDS clinic at the old Presbyterian Center on Ponce de
Leon Avenue. Squabbles with DeKalb County commissioners and legal action by
neighborhood business owners opposed to the clinic should not stand in the way
of the facility, which will be handling at least 50,000 AIDS cases by 1996.

Prevention through AIDS awareness and education must be the long- term goal. The
impact of AIDS on young adults - many of whom contracted the disease while in
their teens - shows the need for our schools to inform students about the
dangers at an early age.

The latest statistics from the state also should help put past arguments about
AIDS prevention strategies into perspective. Should we use so much energy
debating whether distributing condoms promotes promiscuity or whether
clean-needle programs condones drug abuse when we know that doing nothing means
more AIDS deaths?

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH923430033

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                             731 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           September 20, 1992, Sunday

Confronting AIDS in Israel Country to start testing foreign workers, students

BYLINE: By Louis J. Salome STAFF CORRESPONDENTaids; government; international;
tests

SECTION: LIVING; Section D; Page 3

LENGTH: 783 words


Tel Aviv, Israel - AIDS and the fear of the deadly disease, which are creeping
into Israel, have pushed condoms from the hidden drawers of pharmacies to
easy-to-reach counter tops and prodded the government to plan AIDS tests for
foreign workers and students.

Until recently the government had refused to discuss the extent to which AIDS is
spreading in Israel, largely out of fear that it would damage tourism and create
panic. But official silence has lead to wildly divergent estimates of AIDS cases
in the press and prompted accusations that the government is ignoring a major
problem.

To counter the charges, officials are trying to introduce sex education in
schools. But they are hampered by insufficient funds and opposition from
Orthodox and ultra-Orthodox Jews, who view any open discussion of sex as taboo.

Health officials say Israel has a relatively low number of confirmed AIDS cases,
compared with most Western nations. The government hopes education and testing
will keep it that way.

According to health officials, 133 Israelis have died from AIDS. They say 14
Israelis with fully developed cases of AIDS have left the country and 39
Israelis with AIDS remain in Israel.

About 930 people out of 5.1 million Israelis, 166 of them women, are infected
with the AIDS virus, the government says.

Many Israelis believe the government has significantly understated the number of
those with AIDS or the virus that causes it. But no other reliable figures are
available.

Many volunteering for tests

Concern about the disease is reflected in the number of Israelis who have
voluntarily taken AIDS tests. The number more than doubled to nearly 10,000
between 1990 and 1991. More than 6,100 took an AIDS test during the first six
months of this year, the government says.

Beginning in January, foreigners will have to take an AIDS test if they plan to
stay in Israel longer than three months.

Tourists who come for less than three months, which is the maximum length of a
standard tourist visa, won't be required to take an AIDS test, officials
emphasized. Tourists on three-month visas constitute the vast majority of
visitors. Most new immigrants, especially those who move to Israel from
countries where the AIDS infection rate is low, won't be tested either.

But the concept of testing visitors is sensitive, and there already is confusion
over the plan.

Dr. Avraham Morag, chairman of the Health Ministry's Advisory Board for AIDS
Information and Education, thought the Interior Ministry, which supervises
immigration, already had put the testing regulation into effect.

And Dr. Morag said all foreign workers, students and kibbutz volunteers who move
to Israel for more than three months will be tested regardless of whether they
come from a country with a low infection rate. If he's correct, more than 40,000
visitors to Israel will be tested annually for AIDS, and they can stay only if
they aren't infected.

Focus on foreign workers

But David Efrati, head of the Interior Ministry's Population and Administration
Division, said the testing focus will be on foreign workers, especially those
from countries where the AIDS infection rate is high.

Mr. Efrati said Israel will rely on the U.N. World Health Organization to
provide statistics on AIDS infection rates in nations worldwide. Israel hasn't
decided which countries have infection rates high enough to warrant testing, Mr.
Efrati said.

He said it was undecided whether the United States would be considered a
high-risk country. But, Mr. Efrati said, testing will be done for workers who
come from the Philippines, Thailand and other countries in the Far East.
Africans aren't allowed to work in Israel because most are unskilled, he said.

AIDS is such a sensitive issue that new Health Minister Haim Ramon called a
press conference Aug. 26 to clear the air about the infection rate among
Ethiopian Jews who came to Israel in a special airlift last year. Fewer than 200
of the more than 14,000 Ethiopians have tested positive for the AIDS virus, Mr.
Ramon said.

He said he had asked all government hospitals to provide facilities for free
AIDS testing. He is asking other health agencies to do the same.

Dr. Morag said he doubted that Israel would have a dramatic increase in AIDS
victims. "It's a dreadful thing even in Israel, but we are in the lower part of
the list in the Western world," he said.

Tamar Frid, who works in her family's variety store in Tel Aviv, said Prime
Minister Yitzhak Rabin's new center-left government could cope better with AIDS
"because there are not so many religious people in the government now, so they
can deal with reality instead of compromising with the truth."

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH922660058

GRAPHIC: photo: Yitzhak Rabin's government is better equipped than its
predecessors to cope with AIDS, some Israelis believe.

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                             732 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           August 19, 1992, Wednesday

ELECTION '92: THE REPUBLICAN CONVENTION Conventions paint a distorted picture of
AIDS patients Stories of poor, black, Hispanic victims go untold

BYLINE: By Charles Seabrook STAFF WRITERdiseases; aids; blacks; minorities

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 8

LENGTH: 568 words


The faces of AIDS as portrayed at the Republican and Democratic national
conventions are those of people who are white and affluent.

But the well-groomed faces seen by America on its television screens don't
reflect the cold statistics of the 11-year epidemic that has struck more than
230,000 Americans - 87,000 of whom are black or Hispanic. Tens of thousands of
people with AIDS are in desperate circumstances, lacking adequate housing, food
and health care, say AIDS experts.

"I would hope that a national forum that addresses AIDS would attempt to have a
wide representation of patients," said Denise Rouse of the D.C. Women's Council
on AIDS in Washington. "White women, for instance, can't necessarily speak for
black women."

Playing it safe?

To address their conventions about AIDS, the political parties chose only
influential whites with AIDS.

Bob Hattoy, an environmental adviser to Democratic presidential nominee Bill
Clinton, stood before the Democratic National Convention and announced he is "a
gay man with AIDS." At the same forum, Elizabeth Glaser's account of her
family's battle with AIDS - the death of her 7- year-old daughter, the infection
of her son and herself - moved delegates to tears. Mrs. Glaser, wife of actor
Paul Michael Glaser, contracted AIDS from a blood transfusion.

The Republicans settled on 44-year-old Mary Fisher, a woman with AIDS who is
heiress to a fortune of millions of dollars. An art patron, Mrs. Fisher says she
contracted AIDS from her ex-husband, who informed her that he was infected with
the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) after the divorce was final, and advised
her to be tested.

"I regret that anyone has AIDS, but she is far from representative of the
average woman with AIDS," says Dazon Dixon, head of the Sisterlove Women's AIDS
Program in Atlanta, a support organization for women with the disease.

Many patients destitute

Ms. Dixon said that about 95 percent of her 150 clients are African- American
women. Most of them, she says, are destitute, lacking adequate housing and care.

"They're suffering from a life-threatening disease that carries a stigma," she
says. "On top of that, they are scrambling for the basics of life. Most of them
no longer get support from families or friends."

She says the situation reflects those in many other clinics nationwide.

Of 28,000 American women who have contracted AIDS, nearly 70 percent - or 19,000
- are black or Hispanic.

"I don't expect the Republicans to tell you this," said Ms. Dixon.

The Republicans respond by saying the United States is spending $ 4.3 billion a
year on AIDS - for research, treatment, prevention and care of patients.

Threat to women grows

The World Health Organization says women around the world are contracting AIDS
almost as often as men and will probably become the disease's primary victims by
the end of the decade.

In the United States, physicians already are seeing more women with the virus.
In many AIDS clinics in San Francisco and New York City, women make up 30
percent to 50 percent of all new patients. About half of them became infected
through heterosexual contact.

"In many cases, even when a woman knows her sex partner might be infected, she
doesn't have a lot of control over the situation," Ms. Dixon said. "If she
resists, she runs the risk of being beaten or being cut off from the person she
depends on economically."

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH922390352

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                             733 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    June 1, 1992, MONDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

WALK FOR AIDS ATTRACTS 4,000 ... 'IT'S NICE TO SEE ALL THE PEOPLE' WHO CARE,;
SAYS MARCHER AT RALLY

BYLINE: Christine Bertelson Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 526 words


Radiant in her own private patch of sunlight, Rabbi Susan Talve explained why
she had brought her two young daughters to walk for AIDS.  ''I want my children
to learn about AIDS and learn it in a way so they see that no one is alone,''
Talve said.  ''If this many people come out to show their care and concern,
maybe it's time for us to stop being afraid. People with AIDS don't have to be
ashamed to tell their children, afraid of losing their jobs, afraid to live
their life the way they want to with the time they h ave,'' she said.  Talve and
her daughters, Adina, 5, and Sarika Talve-Goodman, 7, were among more than 4,000
people and scores of dogs who walked, ran, biked or roller-skated through Forest
Park Sunday for the third annual pledge walk for AIDS care and education in St.
Louis. The walk was organized by the AIDS Foundation of St. Louis. Talve
delivered the invocation at the start of the walk.  Organizers said this year's
pledge walk had drawn a record number of walkers and volunteers, and was
expected to yield more than $200,000, up substantially over past years, due in
part to better publicity.  Roseann Weiss, president of the board of the AIDS
Foundation, said all of the money would be distributed to 14 AIDS organizations
that provide services from nutrition to housing for people who are HIV-positive
or who have AIDS. Last year's walk raised about $130,000, which was distributed
to seven AIDS service organizations in the St. Louis area.  The financial impact
of the disease has devastated many AIDS patients and their families, said Dr.
Farrin Manian, head of the infectious-disease department at St. John's Mercy
Medical Center. Manian, who walked with his son, Josh, 8, has been on the board
of the AIDS Foundation for about a year.  ''Many AIDS patients I see have run
out of insurance money and are left out in the cold,'' said Manian, 37.  Many
AIDS patients lack money for food, transportation, and have little social
support. Many cannot afford costly AIDS medicines.  ''We all need to pitch in,''
Manian said.  With a daughter with AIDS and four foster children to care for,
Cheryl Page has done more than her share of pitching in for others. But the well
of her goodness appears in no danger of running dry.  Page and a friend, Elaina
Tarwater came to the walk with all the troops in tow: 7-month-old Ashley, who
has a serious genetic disorder; Michael, 4, who was an abused child; Brian, 3,
who is blind; and Sharon, 16, who has severe cerebral palsy.  ''There is still a
lot of ignorance, a lot of people who still don't use protection, and a taboo on
the word AIDS,'' said Page, 45. The eldest of Page's three daughters, Trisha,
21, was diagnosed with AIDS when she was 18.  She was pregnant at the time with
Heather, now a rosy-cheeked 2-year-old who so far has tested negative for the
AIDS virus.  Through Doorways, a group that helps AIDS patients find affordable
housing, Trisha Page was able recently to move into an apartment.  This year's
walk was the first for her, she said. Fear of the stigma of AIDS had kept her
away.  ''It's nice to see all the people that do care,'' Trisha Page said.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; Photo by Kevin Manning/Post-Dispatch ... Some of the thousands
who participated in the pledge walk for AIDS on Sunday in Forest Park. The event
was expected to yield about $200,000 for AIDS organizations.

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             734 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             May 25, 1989 Thursday

Ottawa issues policy on AIDS, urges employers to follow suit

BYLINE: JOAN BRECKENRIDGE; GAM

LENGTH: 673 words


BY  JOAN BRECKENRIDGE
 The Globe and Mail
   Canadian companies should be developing AIDS policies similar to one
announced by the federal government yesterday, federal Health Minister
Perrin Beatty said.

"I'll be writing to major employers' organizations across the country
to encourage them to ask their members to develop AIDS policies," he said
in a telephone interview from his office in Ottawa.

Mr. Beatty's announcement was timed to coincide with the release of a
national study by the Canadian AIDS Society that found only 4 per cent of
companies have implemented AIDS policies or education programs.

Of 516 company managers surveyed in March, 60 per cent said the
establishment of an AIDS policy was not a priority, and 24.6 per cent gave
it low priority, the federally supported study says.

The major points of the federal policy, developed for the civil
service, are:
   . Under normal working conditions, employees who have AIDS symptoms or
who are infected with the human immuno-deficiency virus that causes AIDS
are not a health risk to others in the workplace.
 . Employees who have AIDS must not be harassed in any way.
 . AIDS testing is not a condition of employment but can be provided to
employees who need to have it done for such purposes as travelling abroad
on government business.
 . All government records containing AIDS-related information must be
protected according to the provisions of the Privacy Act.
 . All work-related sick leave, medical and disability benefits must
continue in accordance with existing policies and collective agreements.
 A spokesman for the AIDS society said at a press conference in Toronto
that the results of the telephone survey, called AIDS and the Canadian
Business Community: A Reseach Study, are discouraging.

"Companies are not planning ahead," said Ed Jackson, who is a member of
the organization's advisory committee on AIDS in the workplace.

He said companies are ignoring the issue until a crisis develops after
an employee is identified as having developed AIDS or as having tested
positive for exposure to the virus.

Many companies still believe AIDS is something that will never touch
anyone in their company and "many people don't know they have people with
AIDS in their workplace," he said.

Mr. Jackson said the federal government "has taken a very long time to
set a good example."

The federal government - in particular, former health minister Jake Epp
- has been frequently criticized over the past few years for not
developing a policy for the public service to show leadership and concern
about AIDS.

"What we're trying to do here is . . . to set an example for others by
our own actions," said Mr. Beatty, who was appointed Health Minister in
late January.

"My concern is that in the absence of any policy you'll find decisions
taken on an ad hoc basis," he said. "Often, the first reaction will be to
discriminate against someone who has AIDS."

Discrimination is dangerous from a health policy perspective because it
drives AIDS sufferers underground and discourages people from being tested
or changing high risk behavior, he said.

Mr. Beatty said he hopes the federal policy, developed by an
interdepartmental committee under the auspices of the Treasury Board
Secretariat, will be used as a model.

The study said that, although about one-half of the companies surveyed
think their employees are concerned about AIDS, only 28 per cent believe
it is a company's responsibility to provide information about the disease.

Only 1.6 per cent of the companies surveyed said they have had to deal
with an employee who had AIDS. The survey was done in Canada's 14 largest
cities and in five non-urban centres, one in each geographic region.

"It's in their best interests to deal with an epidemic like AIDS," John
DeShano, president of Levi Strauss & Co. (Canada) Inc., said at the press
conference.

Levi Strauss has no written AIDS policy but has implemented a
comprehensive AIDS education and support program for its employees.

"The education process has stopped a lot of the panic and fear among
employees," Mr. DeShano said.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1989 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             735 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

             September 19, 1987, Saturday, SATURDAY SECOND EDITION

As AIDS spreads, travel patterns are changing

BYLINE: By William A. Davis Special to The star

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. E12

LENGTH: 1176 words

DATELINE: COPENHAGEN, Denmark


   COPENHAGEN - City buses are carrying an arresting advertisement on their
sides: a 10-foot-long poster depicting a condom.

Part of a government campaign for awareness and prevention of AIDS, the
advertisements are aimed not only at Danes but also the millions of tourists who
flock to the famously fun-loving and sexually tolerant Danish capital each year.
Besides the Danish version, there are others decorated with national symbols and
written in other languages.

The one aimed at U.S. visitors is emblazoned with stars and stripes and carries
the breezy warning: "Take Care Out There." A Russian-language poster bears the
hammer and sickle and a reassuring quote from poet Alexander Pushkin: "Still,
Love Is Possible."

Many countries have AIDS education programs in which condom use is encouraged,
but the Danes are unusually forthright - and imaginative - in their approach.
However, with a population of only 5 million, Denmark has more than 150 verified
AIDS cases. Denmark is one the few countries where public-health officials are
urging foreign visitors as well as their own population to practice safe sex
because of AIDS, but there will certainly soon be more.

AIDS has not affected travel and tourism much to date, but as the epidemic
spreads - the World Health Organization estimates that as many as 10 million
people may already be infected with the acquired immune deficiency syndrome
virus - travel patterns are starting to be affected and the character of some
tourist destinations is subtly and sometimes not so subtly altering.

The U.S. has the greatest number of known cases, nearly 38,000 according to
latest statistics. Brazil is next with almost 1,700 cases. Some 6,000 cases have
been reported in western Europe, more than 1,600 of them in France.

However, the greatest concentration of AIDS is believed to be in central Africa
where as many as 2 million people may be infected. (Only some 3,500 cases have
been officially reported by African authorities, a gross understatement in the
view of international AIDS specialists.) While most AIDS patients in the West
have been homosexual men, in Africa those infected are mainly heterosexuals,
both men and women.

Increased risk

"The main travel concern is Africa, but we're not recommending that people not
travel anywhere because of AIDS; this is not something you can catch from a
mosquito bite," said a spokeswoman for the Centers for Disease Control in
Atlanta. "There are no extra precautions you can take, but travellers are at
increased risk if they have sexual intercourse with an infected person - they
should be cautious of sexual contact with anyone who might have AIDS, such as a
prostitute - and if they use a contaminated syringe or any kind of injection,
or, if they receive infected blood or blood components."

U.S. blood banks have been required to screen blood donations for the AIDS virus
since early in 1985. This practice is now standard in most developed countries
but not in the Third World.

Travellers should avoid needles, surgery and blood products in countries with a
high rate of AIDS, said Dr. Terrence O'Malley, director of the Massachusetts
General Hospital station at Logan Airport in Boston.

No country requires an AIDS test for tourists, but most will not admit a
foreigner known to have the disease, and some are now testing foreign exchange
students and prospective immigrants. If the AIDS epidemic continues at its
present rate, such testing could conceivably become a standard requirement for
everyone entering most countries in the future, much as smallpox vaccination was
not too many years ago.

There is concern in some countries that fear of AIDS is fueling racism and
xenophobia, or hostility to foreigners. Belgium, for example, requires African
students to be tested for AIDS and deports them if they are found to have it,
but does not screen other foreign students. Authorities feel that's a logical
move since Africa has such a high incidence of the disease.

The announcement of the first verified AIDS cases in Japan produced a near-panic
among health-conscious Japanese. Many Japanese believe that AIDS, which may have
infected some 10,000 people, was introduced by members of the U.S. armed forces
stationed in the country, and there have been reports of Japanese bars, night
clubs and massage parlors turning away Caucasians and posting "Japanese patrons
only" signs.

Concern about AIDS is also affecting the once flourishing sex-tour business,
particularly package tours to southeast Asian cities noted for wide-open red
light districts, such as Bangkok and Manila. Brazil and Kenya are also popular
sexual tourism destinations, although on a less organized basis than southeast
Asia.

Screening program

There are no reliable statistics for the rate of AIDS infection in the
Philippines and Thailand, but indications are that it could be fairly high,
particularly among prostitutes, in both countries. Some 20,000 male and female
prostitutes were recently tested in the Philippines as part of a U.S.-funded
screening program, and 22 were found to have AIDS.

The black African country most popular with tourists is Kenya, which last year
had 650,000 foreign visitors. The Kenyan government maintains that AIDS is "a
minor problem" in the country, although the disease is known to be widespread in
the region of Africa where Kenya is located. In one district of neighboring
Uganda, for instance, officials estimate that 100 out of 100,000 residents have
AIDS.

Although no one can say with certainty where AIDS originated, first evidence
suggested it may have been introduced to the U.S. from Haiti. And so far Haiti
is the only country where tourism has been seriously affected by AIDS. Since the
first AIDS cases were identified in the U.S. three years ago, and an apparent
link with Haiti established, the number of visitors to the country has declined
precipitously. Haiti's unstable political situation has accelerated the decline.

Two of Haiti's best known hotels, the Oloffson and Habitation Leclerc, were
forced to close at least temporarily. Both hotels were popular with artists,
writers and show-business personalities and their patrons included many gay men,
the highest AIDS risk group.

New York has the largest number of reported AIDS cases in the U.S., but this
appears to have had no effect on its popularity as a tourist destination.
"Business was great last year and continues to be good," said Jack MacBean of
the New York Convention and Visitors Bureau. "There are a lot of AIDS programs
in New York, but nothing aimed at tourists."

San Francisco, believed to have the highest percentage of gays of any city in
the U.S., also has one of the highest incidences of AIDS. Last year, San
Francisco as a whole had a record number of visitors, but some sections of the
city are apparently attracting fewer tourists than in the past.

"The gay neighborhoods have been hurt . . . and San Francisco isn't the
international gay mecca that it was," an official said.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo suspected AIDS patient wheeled into Hong Kong hospital

                  Copyright 1987 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             736 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   August 19, 1987, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

AIDS is ravaging U.S. blacks, Hispanics

BYLINE: By Charles B. Rangel

SECTION: INSIGHT; Pg. A25

LENGTH: 849 words


   Figures released by the Centers for Disease Control reveal that a
disproportionately high number of AIDS cases reported in the United States since
1981 have occurred in blacks and Hispanics. These groups represent just 18 per
cent of the over-all population but 39 per cent of the AIDS cases. When one
considers AIDS cases among children, the figures are much higher: Fully 80 per
cent of children reported with AIDS are non-white. In the overwhelming majority
of cases, the cause of their disease may be traced to intravenous drug use by
their parents.

Unfortunately, many blacks and Hispanics have been slow to recognize the real
dangers that the spread of AIDS poses to their communities. There has been too
much of a tendency to view AIDS as a gay white male disease.

A few snapshots from the statistics reveal the magnitude of the problem for
minorities:

* AIDS cases are occurring nearly three times more frequently among black and
Hispanic men than among white men. For black women, the rate is 14 times that of
white women.

* Ninety per cent of the children who have acquired AIDS by transmission from
their mothers have been black or Hispanic.

* In two selected groups that have been tested for the presence of AIDS
antibodies (military recruit applicants and blood donors), the infection rate
was four to seven times higher in blacks than in whites.

The most important factor behind these statistics is drug abuse. Of the black
and Hispanic AIDS patients from New York and New Jersey, for example, about half
are intravenous drug users. Reported AIDS patients who are IV drug users are
predominantly black (51 per cent) or Hispanic (30 per cent). Among black and
Hispanic women with AIDS, one-third have acquired the infection through
heterosexual contact. The majority (62 per cent) of persons acquiring AIDS
through heterosexual contact have had sex with an IV drug user.

But drug abuse is not the whole story. Another important route of spread of the
AIDS virus to minority women is through sexual relations with men who, sometimes
without the woman's knowledge, are bisexual. Homosexuality does not fit in with
the macho image desired in many segments of the black and Hispanic communities.
Therefore, many minority men who are gay conceal their preferences by
maintaining a bisexual lifestyle. Women who may find themselves in relationships
with such men need to be educated about their potential risks of infection and
counselled on precautions they should be taking.

A particular group at risk among minorities is teenagers, who may be starting to
experiment sexually and may not be getting the message about AIDS. Sexually
active adolescents need to be warned, in language they will listen to, about the
dangers of having multiple partners and about transmission of the AIDS virus
from infected mothers to their babies.

Coping with the AIDS epidemic, especially as it affects minorities, will require
co-ordinated effort and careful planning. Social services for minority people
with AIDS, people who may be poor and poorly informed about the dangers of the
disease, have lagged far behind those available for more affluent victims. We
may, for instance, need to develop special programs tailored for bisexual men
and their families. There is also a need to study differences in the social and
sexual practices of gay men who are white, black and Hispanic.

We must have better drug abuse treatment and control programs. Outreach programs
to drug abusers must take into account the social and educational differences
involved. For example, in a study in New York city, needle-sharing practices
differed among white, black and Hispanic drug users, with blacks and Hispanics
reporting more re-use of needles. These two groups also had a much higher rate
of infection with the AIDS virus (42 per cent) than did white IV drug abusers
(14 per cent).

It is time for organized minority groups to take a more active role in
containing the spread of AIDS. The Southern Christian Leadership Conference has
demonstrated its commitment by sponsoring a series of state conferences on AIDS
and its impact on blacks, including a recent two-day meeting at Howard
University. Churches should also be a powerful force for education within their
communities. Many, unfortunately, have been slow to respond to the AIDS crisis,
deterred in part by the stigma of the link to homosexuality.

The federal government has spent more than $850 million on AIDS research and
education since 1981. It is possible that an equal or greater amount will be
appropriated by Congress for the coming fiscal year alone. Congress is also
addressing the design of a comprehensive national program for AIDS, covering
education, prevention, research, treatment and the care of patients.

Many thoughtful people have sound ideas to contribute to the formulation of a
comprehensive plan on AIDS. Now is the time for the nation to make a commitment.

* Congressman Charles Rangel, a New York Democrat, is chairman of the House
Select Committee on Narcotics Abuse and Control.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             737 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    October 24, 1986, Friday, Final Edition

Blacks and Hispanics Suffer High AIDS Rate;
Drug Abuse Called Likely Reason

BYLINE: Cristine Russell, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A17

LENGTH: 798 words


Blacks and Hispanics account for 40 percent of AIDS cases in the United States
and are far more likely to get the deadly disease than white Americans,
according to a report released yesterday by the federal Centers for Disease
Control.

"Blacks and Hispanics are being disproportionately affected by the epidemic,"
said Dr. Harold Jaffe, chief of the CDC's AIDS epidemiology program. "In
minority populations, AIDS is a disease particularly affecting male and female
intravenous drug users, their sexual partners and their children.

"This issue has been largely unappreciated. The stereotype of AIDS is that it's
a disease of middle-class white men. That has prevented people from seeing it as
also a minority health problem," he added.

The CDC report noted that of more than 24,500 AIDS cases reported in the U.S. in
the last five years, about 6,200, or 25 percent, were black and about 3,500, or
14 percent, were Hispanic. Yet blacks are 12 percent and Hispanics 6 percent of
the U.S. population.

The report stressed that not all blacks and Hispanics face a higher risk of
AIDS: "Persons at risk become so as a result of underlying risk factors, not
because of their race/ethnicity." It said the higher risk of AIDS among minority
groups largely reflects a higher likelihood of intravenous drug abuse in some
populations and perhaps a greater tendency for minority drug users to share
needles.

Some states were hardest hit, with about two-thirds of all adult black or
Hispanic AIDS cases in New York, New Jersey or Florida.

Once they contract AIDS, blacks and Hispanics may also die of the disease more
quickly than whites, said Beny Primm, a black physician who heads the Addiction
Research and Treatment Corp. in Brooklyn. He said that minority AIDS victims are
often "debilitated when they come in, so bothered by so many health problems,
wait so late to get help and cannot get proper health care."

The new CDC statistics show that among adult AIDS patients, the majority of
cases are still among white homosexual and bisexual males. But the AIDS rate per
million people nationwide is three times higher among blacks and Hispanics than
among whites.

There were also gender differences. Men of all races account for over 90 percent
of AIDS cases. Of more than 22,000 male AIDS patients, 37 percent were black or
Hispanic. But among the 1,600 women who have contracted AIDS, 70 percent are
black or Hispanic women, making them about 12 times more likely to get AIDS than
white women.

In term of the risk of getting AIDS, CDC found that homosexual or bisexual men
with AIDS were predominantly white, while "patients with a history of IV
[intravenous] drug abuse or heterosexual contact with persons at increased risk
for acquiring AIDS" and those with unknown risk factors were predominantly black
or Hispanic.

Minority children have also been hard hit by AIDS. Of the 350 AIDS cases in
children under 15 years old, 58 percent have been black and 22 percent Hispanic.
The national incidence among black children is 15 times greater than among
whites and nine times greater among Hispanics, CDC said.

Most of the children with AIDS acquired the disease before or during birth from
mothers who were intravenous drug abusers or whose sex partner was a drug
abuser.

The disease, which is spread through intimate contact with blood or bodily
fluids, has not been shown to be spread to older children within households by
casual contact.

Locally, the patterns are somewhat different from the national numbers. There
have been 487 cases and 288 deaths in Washington alone, and 818 cases and 464
deaths in the entire metropolitan area, said Julie Druker of the AIDS
surveillance program here.

In the District, about 50 percent of AIDS patients have been black, but there
have been fewer intravenous drug abuse cases than might have been expected.
About 80 percent of District cases have been homosexual or bisexual men, 8
percent intravenous drug abusers and 7 percent both homosexual and intravenous
drug abusers.

"Quite frankly, we don't know why we are different," Druker said. She said that
District health officials have undertaken a study to make sure they were not
overlooking AIDS cases among drug addicts.

Jaffe and Primm said there needs to be more recognition of the minority AIDS
problem and more focused education programs. Primm said he thinks that the
"black community is in somewhat of a state of denial that this could not
necessarily be a problem for blacks . . . . They haven't paid that much
attention because of the two populations that are affected," homosexual men and
intravenous drug abusers.

Primm said concern about a "negative stereotype" if AIDS is identified as a
minority health problem has stood in the way of education programs.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                             738 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                           October 23, 1985 Wednesday

SOURCE: QNP

LENGTH: 1284 words


Telling the whole story on overseas aid projects THE recent Four Corners program
entitled ""Band Aid Unstuck" highlights once again the difficulties which can
beset a foreign aid program, but it omits to tell the whole story. The world
heard about the hijacking by the Ethiopian Government of an Australian
Government shipment of food aid and Community Aid Abroad's water drilling
equipment in January. But how many heard that a repeat shipment arrived at Port
Sudan two months later? Aid personnel from CAA and Freedom From Hunger followed
that aid to its destination in Eritrea and Tigray. Similarly, we have now been
told about the food aid debacle in Darfur district in Western Sudan, and Band
Aid's mistakes as Geldof climbs the learning curve in relation to the
complexities of effective aid delivery. We must continue to be mindful of what
we don't hear. At the beginning of 1985 UN agencies painted a scenario of seven
to 10 million people at risk in Sudan because of a shortfall of food.
Governments and aid agencies have responded, albeit too late for many, and as a
result the spectre of death on that scale has temporarily been averted. While in
Sudan in August I witnessed the scale of the relief effort in progress. Port
Sudan was busy with ships waiting to unload aid goods and the roads were
streaming with trucks full of food. In camps in the east, refugees from Tigray
and Eritrea have been fed by the Sudanese Commission for Refugees, regularly and
for many months. Mistakes have been made, politics and bureaucracy always
interfere and the inadequate transport and communication systems have slowed
food aid deliveries and, in cases like Darfur, at times made them impossible.
But it is the long-term development programs which the international aid
community wishes to address, and as a result there has been an influx of
voluntary agencies (including CAA) into Sudan in the past nine months.
Recognising their expertise and experience, Geldof has begun to channel Live Aid
funds through them for water, health and agricultural projects. Stories of
governments, aid agencies and unscrupulous businessmen failing to deliver aid to
people who are starving should be heard. But, somehow, we must find a way to
tell the countless stories of aid that does get through and that development is
taking place. It is not good enough for the media to dismiss them as boring and
thereby contribute to further cynicism about aid. _ Glenys Romanes, African
Project Officer, Community Aid Abroad, Brunswick St, Fitzroy. Standing on its
own feet? THE recent long-awaited announcement by the Premier of the new name
for the SGIO Building Society was a disappointment. Actually, the new name
wasn't a disappointment _ it befits a Queensland-based institution. However, it
was a disappointment that the name chosen just happened, once again, to be
identical to the soon-to-be privatised State Government Insurance Office. I work
for a building society and it has concerned me both privately and professionally
that the building society had a name which linked it to the State
Government-owned and operated insurance office. Naturally, the new name will
only perpetuate the belief in the minds of some of the public that there is a
form of State Government backing of invested funds in the SGIO Building Society.
Of course, this is not the case. It seems to me that the Queensland Government,
in this instance, has put aside its free enterprise stance by giving one
institution an unfair competitive edge over others. Surely SGIO Building Society
is capable of standing on its own feet, and can be given the opportunity to
compete freely with its own independent name. Or is it that the building society
and insurance office are so intertwined that it would be impossible to separate
them? _ Derek C. Sheppard, Park St, Kelvin Grove. Hypocrisy of the French THE
French Prime Minister's words regarding the execution of Benjamin Moloise as a
""flagrant disregard of human rights" seem hypocritical when his countrymen
disregard human, marine and animal life in the Pacific. Governments such as
those of Russia and France should have stayed silent on human rights issues.
This execution only highlights the desperation of a failing government. _ D.P.
Watt, Park St, Kelvin Grove. The real implications MY FIRST reaction to the
goings-on in our State Parliament last week was one of cynical hilarity. Then
the real implications hit me. What disgraceful conduct! The leaders of our
society, our earthly ""messiahs", our guardians of our great democratic society
playing like school children at the ""game" of government. It would be in the
best interests of us all if Her Majesty was to abolish and banish these mites of
the cloven table. _ R.S. Long, Orana St, Victoria Point. Disillusioned with
campaign IT IS a pity that Doug Prizeman (C-M, October 21) does not make sure of
his facts about the Gallipoli campaign when using them to support an argument.
He has compared the numbers of Australians killed in the Peninsula fighting with
the figures for total casualties suffered by the British and French
respectively. The correct comparisons (not that such figures prove any theory of
relative fighting qualities) should have been Australians 26,094; British
119,696; and French 27,004. The Kiwis (not mentioned by Mr Prizeman) had 7571
casualties. The old stories about one ally sitting and drinking beverages while
the other does all the fighting are fairly certain to surface eventually in any
wartime situation involving an alliance. There was little to generate them at
Gallipoli, where the war was still less than a year old and where there were few
occasions calling for physically close co-operation between the British and
Australians. Only a handful of the former served at Anzac, and the combined
operations at Suvla and Krithia were fairly short-lived. If any, they may have
surfaced at Suvla, where certain very raw British troops were thrown into a very
daunting situation alongside the by-then experienced Anzacs. However, the
stories in a British/Australian context are much more likely to have arisen in
France late in the war, when the Australians were being forced to shoulder a
disproportionate share of the offensive fighting, and had become highly
disillusioned with the overall British direction and staff work on the Western
Front. _ Noel M. Haysom, Tennessee Ave, Tarragindi. Praise for the rural news AS
ONE of the thousands of country folk who have retired to south-east Queensland,
I wish to congratulate your paper on the weekly Rural Mail supplement. In recent
years country people have been neglected in the media to a great extent, and in
the present depressing economic outlook the importance to Australia of rural
production and the disadvantages country folk are subjected is very much
neglected. The quality of your publication deserves high priase. _ Doug Wallace,
Inglestion St, Wynnum. Welcome THE introduction of the new Rural Mail as a
weekly feature in your paper is a very welcome development from the primary
producer's point of view. I would like to congratulate The Courier-Mail on
taking this step as it has the potential to upgrade the general public's
understanding of rural issues. I think we can look forward to being in a better
position to resolve our problems as a nation if we can bridge the gap between
city and country interests. For our part, we recognise that farmers also need to
take account of the interests of other industries and city dwellers and this,
too, can be assisted by The Courier-Mail giving a balanced coverage of rural and
metropolitan issues. _ R.D. McLeod, general president, The Queensland
Graingrowers Association.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1985 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             739 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                           December 5, 2012 Wednesday

World AIDS Day   Local groups join forces to support those living with HIV/AIDS

BYLINE: By Matlin Smith / msmith@lcsun-news.com

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 712 words


Several local and state groups will join forces Saturday during World AIDS Day
to ensure residents in Las Cruces who have been diagnosed with HIV/AIDS have
access to the resources and services they need, from testing to treatment and
counseling.

"We've been taught that AIDS is not a deadly disease, that it's a manageable
disease, and that's wrong. It's not manageable, it's preventable," said Toni
Bueno, a transgender person in Las Cruces. "I'm a person living with AIDS and
I'm an advocate."

According to the National Institutes of Health, the human immunodeficiency (HIV)
virus causes the HIV infection, during which the virus attacks and destroys the
infection-fighting CD4 cells, making it difficult for the immune system to
operate. Acquired immunodeficiency syndrome, or AIDS, is the most advanced stage
of the HIV infection.

"There's not a whole lot (of resources for AIDS) if you don't know what you're
looking for," Bueno said. "There's also a stigma around the disease that
prevents people from going to get help. Sometimes people don't want to know and
don't go get tested."

One local resource, International AIDS Empowerment, located at 1809 El Paseo in
the First Christian Church, provides several services to assist Las Cruces
residents who have been diagnosed with the disease.

Between the services offered at their Las Cruces and El Paso locations, the
organization provides:

A homeless prevention program that provides emergency financial assistance to
people living with HIV/AIDS and their families.

Case management to remove barriers   such as depression and substance abuse   to
encourage a healthy lifestyle.

A food pantry, providing nutritious groceries to more than 300 HIV/AIDS clients
and their families per week.

Treatment and peer education programs to provide support and education through
workshops and social functions.

The Pets Are Wonderful Support (PAWS) program that allows people with HIV/AIDS
to own companion animals.

According to Buddy Akin, an HIV testing counselor at International AIDS
Empowerment, local residents diagnosed with HIV/AIDS can also participate in
World AIDS Day in Las Cruces, where local and state HIV/AIDS resources
International AIDS Empowerment, Alianza, the New Mexico Department of Health,
and the New Mexico GLBTQ Centers   will provide testing and counseling.

All of these organization will have tables set up at the downtown Las Cruces
Farmers & Crafts Market from 8:30 a.m. to around noon Saturday, providing
information and answering questions.

Akin said the New Mexico Department of Health will be on site with its bus on
the south side of the market, where workers can conduct testing for HIV/AIDS,
providing the results within about 20 minutes.

"Part of the purpose (of all of the entities participating) is that we want to
continually create a care group and focus on joining forces among the agencies
to create a sense of cooperation," Akin said.

According to the World AIDS Day website, the international event is held on Dec.
1 each year to provide an opportunity for people worldwide to unite in the fight
against HIV, show their support for people living with HIV and to commemorate
people who have died as a result of the disease.

World AIDS Day was the first ever global health day, the first being held in
1988.

Matlin Smith can be reached at 575-541-5468; follow her on Twitter
@msmith_lcsun.

On the web

Online HIV/AIDS resources

aids.gov

worldaidsday.org

internationalaids.org

amfar.org

alianzanm.org

nmhealth.org

fyinm.org

newmexicoglbtqcenters.org

A closer look

HIV/AIDS resources in Las Cruces

International AIDS Empowerment

Contact: 575-647-4060

Address: 1809 El Paseo (inside the First Christian Church)

Info: internationalaids.org

Community Collaborative Care Program

Contact: 575-528-6037

Address: 1170 N. Solano

Info: health.state.nm.us

Alianza

Contact: 575-915-1770; info@alianzanm.org

Address: 1615-A N. Solano

Info: alianzanm.org

Families & Youth, Inc.

Contact: 575-522-4004; omorales@fyinm.org

Address: 1320 S. Solano

Info: fyinm.org

New Mexico GLBTQ Centers

Contact: 575-635-4902

Address: 1210 N. Main

Info: newmexicoglbtqcenters.org

If you go

What: Las Cruces World Aids Day event;

Highlights: Info, testing, counseling services

When: 8:30 a.m. to noon Saturday

Where: Las Cruces Farmers & Crafts Market

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Buddy Akin, who was diagnosed with HIV 20 years ago, strums his guitar
at last year s World AIDS Day panel discussion at the First Christian Church in
Las Cruces.
Buddy Akin with International AIDS Empowerment offers some dry goods from the
food pantry at First Christian Church to Dale Ready.
Buddy Akin with International AIDS Empowerment explains how to help prevent and
treat HIV and AIDS at First Christian Church while getting ready for World AIDS
Day.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2012 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             740 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            February 11, 2011 Friday
                                 Second Edition

Charity says foreign aid is driven by military;
Civilian workers becoming targets

BYLINE: DAN OAKES FOREIGN AFFAIRS CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 530 words


FOREIGN aid is increasingly being used for military gains in such places as Iraq
and Afghanistan, says an Oxfam report. The report says more than half of
Australia's aid to Afghanistan from 2007 to 2009 was spent by the Australian
Defence Force, which is not required to evaluate its aid projects. "Some donors
are increasingly concentrating both humanitarian and development aid on
countries and regions seen to threaten their own immediate security interests,
while neglecting other equally insecure, impoverished and conflict-afflicted
places," the report says.

"From Afghanistan to Kenya, poorly conceived aid projects aimed at winning
hearts and minds have proved ineffective, costly, and have sometimes turned
beneficiary communities and aid workers into targets of attack." A spokeswoman
for Foreign Affairs Minister Kevin Rudd said the minister welcomed the report,
but that the military channelled aid in Afghanistan was less this financial
year. "In October 2010, the Australian Council for International Development
reviewed the Australian aid program to Afghanistan and found that 'unlike some
other donors, Australia's aid program is not overly weighted towards our
military presence in Oruzgan'," she said. Oxfam also says the number of civilian
aid workers killed worldwide has increased from 85 in 2002 to 225 last year, and
that the rise is partly due to the increasing perception that aid workers are
tools of the military. However, former Australian chief of army Peter Leahy has
said the report ignores the fact that in areas such as Afghanistan's Oruzgan
province - where most Australian troops are located - civilian aid workers are
often ill-equipped to distribute aid. "The military have well developed
engineering and training skills that allow them to provide substantial support,
such as road and bridge construction, that meets the immediate needs of a
population," Professor Leahy said. "Civil military co-operation has improved
enormously in recent years and the military are a legitimate means of delivering
aid. Aid organisations that seek to deny the military the task of delivering aid
are actually denying those in need of support." He said it was wrong to play
down national security as a legitimate objective of foreign aid. "Aid allows us
to meet altruistic aims, but we also need to recognise that aid can meet our
broader national interests through developing unstable countries." Civilians
from AusAid work on reconstruction projects alongside the ADF in Oruzgan but
they and the few Australian Federal Police are constrained as to where they can
go by the tenuous security situation. Last year's federal budget included a
two-year, $141 million program to boost the civilian aid effort in Oruzgan. The
Oxfam report says the federal government's loudly proclaimed focus on the
Pacific region and on Afghanistan is an example of governments distributing aid
on the grounds of national security. The report quotes Afghans as saying they do
not need high-profile, "quick impact" projects that do not improve their quality
of living in the long term. They say participation in the military-led projects
also brings the risk of Taliban reprisals.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             741 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       South-East Advertiser (Australia)

                            June 16, 2010 Wednesday
                                  1 - Edition

Bath aids do not prevent drowning

SECTION: Pg. 53

LENGTH: 353  words


BATH aids are used to support infants while in a bath.

They help keep a baby's head up and out of the water, leaving a carer's hands
free to wash their infant and often easing the strain on the carer's back.

A range of bath aids specific to the age and size of a baby are available, and
include seats, cradles, hammocks, recliners, supports and rings.

They are generally made of plastic, rubber or foam.

Infant drownings in baby bath aids is a tragedy that many may be unaware of.

Records of the Royal Lifesaving Society of Australia show that six babies less
than 13 months old have drowned in a bath aid in Australia over the past decade.

Many more babies have been involved in a near drowning or immersion accident in
a bath aid.

These incidents have occurred when the child has been left unsupervised in a
bath aid while the carer has attended to other activities including answering
the phone or door, retrieving clothes, or even watching television.

An infant in a bath, irrespective of aids, requires constant supervision.

These scenarios are typical of tragedies associated with bath aids:

* Bath aid tipping over - especially common with aids having a slip-resistant
base where the suction caps have not adhered properly.

* Baby comes out of the seat or is found slumped over the bath aid - infants are
top heavy and do not have the neck strength to move their heads out of the water
(the aid does not provide adequate support).

* Entrapment in the seat - often a result of rough movement or another child
tipping over the aid (about 30 per cent of bath aid drownings are in the bathtub
with another child).

Bath aids should be regularly checked for defects or worn/broken parts.

If movement or tipping of the bath aid occurs while it is being used it should
be immediately discarded.

The Trade Practices Baby Bath Aids' Regulation prescribes the mandatory standard
for baby bath aids.

Although bath aids are useful, it is vital that parents remember that there is a
risk of drowning associated with their use, and that babies left unsupervised in
these products have drowned.

* Julia Ham operates Hampton Swim School, Morningside.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: SEA


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             742 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                    January 20, 1998, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Legal-Aid Budget Under-Utilized, Operators Say

BYLINE: MICHAEL PRENTICE; THE OTTAWA CITIZEN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A6


Thousands of people in Ontario are missing out on an opportunity to get legal
aid, in many cases because they mistakenly believe they are not entitled to it,
operators of the program said yesterday.

Only two-thirds of the legal-aid budget has been spent during the past nine
months.

In some cases, lawyers must share the blame because they wrongly advise clients
they are not entitled to legal aid, the operators say.

About $ 30 million in legal-aid funds has gone unspent in the past nine months
because fewer people than anticipated sought aid and their legal bills were
lower than expected, newly released figures showed.

That is almost one-third of money set aside by the Ontario government for
spending in that period to pay lawyers' bills for those who cannot afford to
hire a lawyer.

The problem stems from a perception the Ontario government has cut spending on
legal aid more than it has, said Elaine Gamble, communications co-ordinator for
the Ontario Legal Aid Plan.

"This perception is a really big problem," Ms. Gamble said. And the perception
is not just in the minds of the public. It is shared by some lawyers, she said.
"Some lawyers are telling clients not to bother to apply for legal aid because
it's unavailable, when that is not the case."

The legal-aid program exists to provide assistance, in certain cases, for those
who cannot afford a lawyer.

The unemployed and people living on social assistance usually qualify for legal
aid, Ms. Gamble said. The aid may be to fight a criminal charge or for a
family-court case, such as a dispute over custody of children or child support.

The Ontario government cut the legal-aid budget for the current financial year
to $ 225 million from $ 258 million last year. Of that sum, $ 143 million was
earmarked to pay the bills of lawyers in private practice who take on legal-aid
cases.

The Ontario Legal Aid Plan had expected to spend that money at the rate of about
$ 12 million a month. But, in fact, payments to lawyers are running at more than
$ 3 million a month below expectations.

Ontario's legal-aid program is administered by the Law Society of Upper Canada,
a self-regulating association of lawyers that sets standards for lawyers in the
province.

Lawyer Robert Armstrong, chair of the committee that sets policy for the Ontario
Legal Aid Plan, said a review is urgently taking place to improve the program
and ensure all the money is spent in providing legal aid, as intended.

He said one problem is that some lawyers refuse legal-aid work because they
believe it doesn't pay enough.

But, in the Ottawa area, there are "many" lawyers willing to work for the rates
set by the legal-aid program, according to Nathalie Remillard Champagne,
director of the Ontario Legal Aid Plan in Ottawa-Carleton.

She also said her office has staff and resources to handle a larger load of
applicants for legal aid. To seek legal aid, Ottawa-Carleton residents must
apply in person at 73 Albert St. The number to call for information is 238-7931.

The problem of underspending does not apply to community legal-aid clinics,
which have a separate budget of $ 32 million in the current financial year,
according to Chantal Tie, of South Ottawa Community Legal Services.

These clinics, of which there are three in Ottawa-Carleton, have lawyers on
staff and provide help to poor people in such matters as disputes with landlords
and collecting workers' compensation.

The number of people having lawyers' bills paid under legal aid has dropped by
about 50 per cent in the past two years.

In the first nine months of the current financial year, the legal-aid program
agreed to pay lawyers' bills for 55,000 people. It had budgeted for 58,000
people.

A review is under way to ensure all the money is spent in providing legal aid.



LOAD-DATE: January 21, 1998

LENGTH: 639 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1998 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             743 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                   November 30, 1996, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

'Anyone's backyard': A World Aids Day Miscellany

BYLINE: VANCOUVER SUN

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 1209 words


The 11th World AIDS Conference was held in Vancouver this summer; the 12th will
be held in Geneva in 1998. The conference chair, Bernard Hirschel, thinks the
bad-news days are behind the medical and research communities:

Past AIDS conferences have had their share of bad news. Today, it looks as if
1996, and even more so 1998, will be different, with new treatments promising to
change the very meaning of the word "HIV-infected."

North American newspapers and magazines have reflected science's optimism. Some
1996 headlines:

Newsweek: Dec. 2 cover , "The End of AIDS? Not Yet - But New Drugs Offer Hope;"
July 22, "New AIDS Optimism," [from Vancouver]; Feb. 12, "Living Longer With
HIV"

San Francisco Chronicle, Nov. 24, "Uncertain Life After Certain Death: When new
AIDS drugs with extraordinary results were approved"

Wall Street Journal, Nov. 11, "Back to a Future: One Man's AIDS Tale Shows How
Quickly Epidemic Has Turned - Last Year This Editor Wrote His Own Obituary; Now,
He Writes of Surviving"

Chicago Sun-Times, July 14, "AIDS optimism: New treatments, therapies offer
hope."

Science News, March 23, "AIDS update '96: New drugs, new tests, new optimism
mark recent AIDS research"

Vancouver Sun: Nov. 23, "New AIDS treatment helpful, but no 'cure';" Sept. 10,
"British monkey test lifts hope for AIDS vaccine - Genetically engineered
immunization shows promise;" July 17, Editorial, "AIDS conference points toward
new directions;" July 13, "Delegates get spark of hope as AIDS conference ends;"
July 13, "AIDS levelling off, expert says - Heterosexual AIDS epidemic on way,
expert claims;" June 29, "AIDS: In the labs, new drugs provide hope; on the
street, it's a different story"

In our town, 1: AIDS Vancouver said in a backgrounder issued this week:

Don't new treatments mean it is possible to survive HIV?

q People are continuing to die despite these new drugs.

q For some, these treatments offer a measure of hope. But the quality of life
isn't great. Side effects can be severe and some can't tolerate the drugs at
all.

q When AZT was first introduced people's hopes were quite high, only to be
dashed as the drug didn't prove to be the miracle they'd been counting on. The
same could easily be true of the new protease inhibitors.

Javier and Eli are a "very out queer couple who live in New York City," in their
own words, and are infected "big time." They have posted their individual drug
regimes on the world wide web. Here are "Javier's Meds:"

Ambien, 5 mg, one to two tablets as needed, average use - once a week; Ativan, 1
mg, for nausea, every eight hours as needed (rarely); Bactrim, one pill a day
(at lunch); Beconase AQ, two puffs, not currently using; Cipro, 750 mg, twice a
day, not currently using; course June 30-July 19; Claritin,10 mg, every evening;
Crixivan, 400 mg, two capsules every eight hours on an empty stomach; Depo
Testosterone, 200 mg, IM injection every two weeks; Diflucan, 100 mg, every
second morning; Doxil, 42 mg, IV every three weeks; Elavil (Amitriptyline), 100
mg, at bedtime; Epivir (3TC), 150 mg, twice a day; Marinol, 5 mg, twice a day;
Motrin (Ibuprofen), 400 mg, as needed, up to three times a day, average use -
three times a week; Neupogen, 300 mcg, SC injection every morning, course: Aug.
17-26; Oxandrin, 2.5 mg, not currently taking, awaiting blood tests; Reglan, 10
mg, before eating, up to four times a day; Serevent , two puffs, twice a day;
Xanax, 0.25 mg, one to two tablets as needed, rarely used; Zantac, 150 mg, not
currently using, daily, at bedtime; Zerit (D4T), 40 mg, twice a day; Zithromax,
250 mg, not currently taking, course: July 31-Aug. 9; Zovirax, 800 mg, three
times a day.

The web site address: Eli1S@worldnet.att.net

In our town, 2:

AIDS Vancouver, like other community-based AIDS agencies across the province, is
faced with the reluctance of both the federal and provincial governments to fund
programs to fight the growing populations of people becoming infected.

q The B.C. government has frozen funding to fight HIV despite evidence of a
serious outbreak among intravenous drug users and early indications that,
increasingly, more and more gay youth are becoming infected.

q The federal government is letting Canada's National AIDS Strategy lapse when
it expires in March 1998. The 10-year old strategy paid for education and
prevention programs, care, treatment and support; and community development and
coordination. In 1993, under Phase II of the strategy, $ 40 million was to be
spent each year.

q Without the renewal of the National AIDS Strategy, there will be no
community-based HIV/AIDS organizations . . . .

In our town, 3: Judy Weiser is a Vancouver therapist who specializes in working
with people infected or affected by HIV. She writes:

I think that, to really understand life with HIV, you would need to have been
the target of revulsion, you would need to have felt tainted yourself. You would
need to have encountered your objectification as the irremovable target of
others' irrational fears and ignorant prejudices. . . .

You would need to know how it feels to have your trust in a future shattered;
your confidence in survival turn to the relief of sometimes just giving up, the
deepest fears of abandonment in the final moments of need.

. . . no one living with HIV is ever fully free of such thoughts.

"Michels" maintains a web site - michels@netrover.com - as "my small
contribution to the AIDS awareness campaign." He reports that one family member
is HIV positive and a brother-in-law has died of AIDS. He has posted a guide to
germane resources. This is just the Canadian list:

Canadian AIDS Society (CAS); Centre for AIDS Services of Montreal/CASM focuses
on the needs of women.; Farha Foundation, fundraiser; Health- Organizations,
Canada Online Directory; Health and Welfare Canada; HIVPositive/ Women and
Children; Info SIDA Quebec; Maison Plein Coeur, Montreal, residence for people
living with HIV/AIDS.; Canadian HIV/AIDS Legal Network - Reseau juridique
canadien VIH/sida; The AIDS Committee of Toronto Online; YAHOO'S Canadian
Resources - quite extensive; Youth Community Outreach Aids Society.

And, finally, the children, from (U.S.) Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report,
Nov. 22:

Of the total number of AIDS cases reported by Sept. 30, 7,472, or one per cent,
were among children. . . .

Rotary International, Evanston, Ill., said this week of our AIDS world: " . . .
let us work to educate and serve without judgment." Here's the opening to the
group's statement:

How does a 67-year-old Rotary club member and local business leader contract
AIDS? In the end, it just doesn't matter.

That's the message of Rotary's AIDS project. It's not how someone contracts the
disease, but that AIDS does not discriminate. In one year's time, the Rotary
Club of Los Altos, Calif., saw positive HIV tests for two club members -
including Walter Singer, the senior citizen who played the town's Santa Claus
each year - and the death of the club president's son. Their experience led them
to educate Rotary and other civic groups that AIDS can happen in anyone's
backyard.

Rotary published the full statement on the world wide web: http:
//www.rotary.org


LOAD-DATE: December 2, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart/Graph: Canadian AIDS cases reported annually

Photo: Steve Bosch, Vancouver Sun / A DAY WITHOUT ART: Monte Clark prepares his
West Third art gallery for a World AIDS Day tradition, closed galleries and
draped displays. (On the web, it's A Day Without Graphics.) Clark's window
tallies up one of the tolls.

               Copyright 1996 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             744 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                     April 30, 1996, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

AIDs drug announcement sign of battle for gay voters: Liberals unfairly tagged
as anti-gay, Wilson says

BYLINE: MIKE CRAWLEY; VANCOUVER SUN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 760 words


B.C. became the first province to pay for a breakthrough AIDS drug Monday,
prompting an immediate war of words between the New Democrats and Liberals over
which is most concerned about AIDS and gay-community issues.

Premier Glen Clark appeared at the AIDS outpatient ward in St. Paul's Hospital
Monday morning to announce $ 5 million in Pharmacare funding for Saquinavir,
which slows the onset of AIDS.

He also dished out $ 1 million to establish a day centre that will provide
simple medical procedures, counselling, meals and social opportunities for AIDS
patients.

Duncan Wilson, the Liberal candidate for Vancouver-Burrard, who is gay, said he
welcomed the funding but criticized the NDP's performance in fighting HIV and
AIDS.

"They're just climbing on a high-profile issue and trying to run with it," said
Wilson. "When it comes to HIV and AIDS, if anything the NDP has been quite weak
on the issue."

But Wilson's NDP opponent in Vancouver-Burrard, Tim Stevenson, said the funding
for the drug shows his party cares for people with AIDS.

"The announcement has come as quickly as it could possibly come after the drugs
came on line," said Stevenson, a gay United Church minister. "It isn't as if
this drug had come on line a year, year and a half ago and then we sat on it and
waited just for an election."

Saquinavir was approved for use in Canada April 2.

Funding for AIDS and HIV care and research is a motherhood issue in
Vancouver-Burrard, which encompasses the West End and downtown Vancouver and has
the biggest gay population in B.C.

The riding has been held for 24 years by retiring NDP MLA Emery Barnes. The B.C.
Reform party has yet to nominate a candidate in the riding.

For people involved in AIDS activism, the party lines on the issue will be an
important factor in their voting decisions. AIDS Vancouver plans a forum at
which people with HIV can question candidates, while the B.C. Persons With AIDS
(PWA) Society has sent policy questionnaires to the major parties.

"The NDP government has done a lot in this province to fight AIDS," said Philip
Hannan of AIDS Vancouver. However, the government has yet to adopt a
wide-ranging strategy on AIDS, something Hannan was hoping for before an
election.

He said that Liberal leader Gordon Campbell was relatively progressive on AIDS
and HIV issues during his term as Vancouver mayor.

Although the Liberals have said AIDS and HIV programs aren't among the $ 3
billion in spending cuts they are promising, Hannan is concerned cuts in other
programs will worsen the quality of life for people with the disease.

Wilson said he feels his party has been unfairly tagged as anti-gay, noting the
Liberals have two openly gay candidates -- himself and Ted Nebbeling in West
Vancouver-Garibaldi.

"Gordon [Campbell] looks at people as people; he doesn't differentiate between
gay people and straight people," said Wilson.

But last year, Campbell opposed the NDP's bill to allow adoptions by same-sex
couples. Stevenson said that's just one piece of evidence showing the Liberal
approach to gay issues is radically different from the NDP's.

At his morning announcement, Clark emphasized his party's concern for those with
AIDS.

"I think it's fair to say we have done more [for AIDS patients] in the last
three years or four years than any other province in Canada," said Clark. "I
hope today's announcement will mean that people living with HIV and AIDS and
their families will share more good times, more laughter and more tears."

Saquinavir is one of a new class of drugs known as protease inhibitors, which
reverse the destruction of immune cells, lengthening life for many people with
AIDS. During the announcement, Clark struggled with the pronunciation of both
protease and Saquinavir.

The funding will supply the drug to about 600 AIDS patients for one year. About
1,600 people in B.C. have AIDS, and about 8,500 are HIV-positive.

The day centre is to be named for Dr. Peter Jepson-Young, known for appearing
weekly on CBC-TV for two years to talk about his battle with AIDS. He died in
1992.

Clark called the centre a new model for providing comprehensive, compassionate
care for people living with AIDS.

Tom McAulay, chair of the B.C. PWA Society, said: "This government inherited a
decade of neglect in dealing with the AIDS epidemic."

He said the funding for the day centre "addresses my issue of who will look
after me when I am too sick to look after myself." McAulay is HIV-positive and
his partner of 16 years died in 1992.


LOAD-DATE: May 1, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1996 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             745 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                   November 2, 1991, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

Bouchard breaks up inefficient AIDS centre; Plan to decentralize hailed as a
step in right direction by activist groups

BYLINE: SHARON KIRKEY; CITIZEN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4


AIDS groups are cautiously endorsing plans to dismantle the Federal Centre for
AIDS and to farm out its responsibilities to other departments.

But others warn it'll take more than a bureaucratic restructuring to improve
Canada's "hopeless" record in the battle against the deadly virus.

Federal Health Minister Benoit Bouchard confirmed this week that the AIDS centre
is being broken up.

Responsibility for epidemiology, surveillance and research work will move under
the umbrella of the Laboratory Centre for Disease Control. A new section of the
government's Health Promotion Branch will take over responsibility for key areas
such as care and treatment programs, community programs and AIDS education.

Under the changes, an enhanced AIDS secretariat will be set up to oversee all
aspects of the government's AIDS-related activities.

The Centre for AIDS, which was set up four years ago, has been roundly
criticized for being poorly organized and doing little in the fight against the
illness.

Bouchard said he's confident the changes will result in "better delivery of AIDS
-related programs, services and expertise."

He also promised the reorganization will not mean reductions in budgets for AIDS
programs.

David Hoe, of the AIDS Committee of Ottawa, said the reorganization is a
considerable improvement over an earlier scheme proposed by the government.

Under that plan, the centre would have been absorbed by existing departments,
but without a central body. Community groups feared AIDS issues were likely to
get lost in a bureaucratic maze.

"The federal centre has always been a concern to me in terms of its efficiency,
and the previous plans to dismantle it with nothing in its place really alarmed
me," Hoe said.

"I'm much happier with this move."

Richard Burzynski, of the Canadian AIDS Society, said he hopes the changes will
make the government more responsive to and supportive of community AIDS groups.

The group is also pleased that plans call for a new emphasis on treatment
initiatives.

But Dr. Philip Berger, a Toronto physician with many AIDS patients, said the
restructuring of the AIDS centre is "irrelevant."

Berger, who called the AIDS centre "pathetic", said that in the 16 months since
the government's national AIDS strategy was released, Canada still lags behind
even Third World countries in its efforts to curb the spread of the disease.

". . .It is not going to make much difference what they do (to the AIDS centre)
until they start to take (AIDS) seriously," Berger said.


LOAD-DATE: November 2, 1991

LENGTH: 425 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: (Benoit) Bouchard: New plan

               Copyright 1991 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             746 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             June 5, 1991 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

TEN YEARS OF LIVING WITH AIDS

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Leaders; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 583 words


IT is hard not to associate death and dying with AIDS. Since the first cases of
Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS) were diagnosed in the US 10 years ago
today , nearly 110,000 Americans alone have died from the disease. The death
toll in the worst-affected Third World countries - Haiti, Zaire, Uganda and
Thailand, among others - can only be guessed at but is sure to be equally
horrific. The first AIDS case in Australia was diagnosed in 1982. More than
1,500 AIDS sufferers have died here since. According to the World Health
Organisation, by the end of the second AIDS decade, up to 40 million people
worldwide will be infected with the disease, which medical science still has no
way of defeating.

Fortunately, the news is not all bad. Recently, anti-viral drugs have been
developed that slow down the progression from first contact with the Human
Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) to fully developed AIDS. Those drugs can be used to
prolong the life, and improve the quality of life, of people affected by the
disease. Slowly but discernibly the community's response to AIDS has matured as
well. The initial hysteria generated by the first diagnoses of AIDS- and the
exponential increase in the cases subsequently diagnosed - have given way to a
more rational contextualising of the disease. (For instance, lung cancer and
heart disease are bigger killers than AIDS in Australia, and accidents on our
roads killed four times as many people as AIDS last year.)No-one now questions
the need for funding for AIDS research.

Social prejudices are breaking down also. That is not to say that enough has
been done to remove the stigma attached to AIDS: sufferers often report being
discriminated against in jobs, housing and medical treatment, and even people
who care for AIDS sufferers may be the targets of personal harassment. But the
suggestion that AIDS is God's punishment for leading an unconventional lifestyle
is regarded now by most people as extreme prejudice parading as moral insight;
the argument that AIDS is a "gay disease" is derided; and demands that the basic
rights of people with AIDS be trampled underfoot in the interests of public
health rightly have been dismissed.

Those are important advances in the space of 10 years. But this is no time for
complacency. The number of people with the HIV infection has been levelling out
in this country since the mid-1980s. The single most important reason is that
many people who engaged in activities involving a high AIDS risk factor have
moderated their behaviour as reliable information about how the virus is
contracted has been made available. But that shows only that AIDS is a
controllable - rather than a controlled - disease. It will stay controllable
only while people remain convinced that there is a death threat associated with
certain sexual and other practices.

All things being equal, the number of AIDS deaths will increase in the next few
years as a result of transmissions of the virus in the 1980s. That calls for a
renewed effort to come to terms with the AIDS phenomenon. Consideration must be
given to making anti-viral drugs more freely available to people affected by the
disease. As well, lingering ignorance about, and fear of, AIDS must be
challenged by public health authorities, influential institutions, such as the
churches, and prominent members of society. Such efforts will help contain the
threat from AIDS. Just as importantly, they will help minimise the suffering
from it until a cure can be found.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1991 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             747 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 16, 1989, Monday, Late City Final Edition

A Latin AIDS Meeting Opens Its Ears to What Was Once Unmentionable

BYLINE: By MARLISE SIMONS, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 6, Column 1; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 1466 words

DATELINE: RIO DE JANEIRO, Jan. 12


When experts gathered here recently for a widely publicized conference on AIDS
in Latin America, they used words and notions about people's sex lives that must
have startled the more conservative corners of the continent.

A prostitute openly spoke of men's sexual preferences. A hemophiliac infected
with the AIDS virus denounced the bitter jokes and discrimination aimed at
people like himself. Experts referred matter-of-factly to oral and anal
intercourse, terms used widely in the era of AIDS yet still viewed as uncouth in
South America and rarely uttered in public.

Latin America, where sexual promiscuity is carefully cloaked in pretense and
euphemism, is starting to confront its growing AIDS epidemic.

New Insights on Sex

According to the Pan-American Health Organization, which organized a regional
conference on AIDS here in December, 9,453 cases of AIDS have been reported in
Latin America and 1,146 cases in the Caribbean. Experts believe that the real
numbers are much higher, and they also say that half the known victims have
died.

But the spread of acquired immune deficiency syndrome in Latin America is
altering some long-held images and producing new insights into the customs of a
region where few studies about sexual behavior exist.

''We have been going on assumptions, not on research,'' said Dr. Fernando
Zacarias, coordinator of AIDS programs at the Pan-American Health Organization.
''We are finding very different habits and attitudes even in conservative
countries.''

The Spread Among Women

While the Latin culture, for example, celebrates masculinity, researchers say
AIDS is showing that the number of homosexual and bisexual men is far greater
than previously known.

In Latin America, the disease overwhelmingly strikes homosexual and bisexual
men, but its incidence among women is slowly rising. The numbers vary widely. In
the Dominican Republic and Haiti, a third of all AIDS patients are women; in
Venezuela, there are 30 men with AIDS to every woman with the disease; and in
Brazil, there are 11 men with AIDS to every woman with the disease.

In Brazil, 4,439 cases of AIDS have been reported as of December 1988, giving
the country, which has 145 million people, the highest AIDS rate in the region.
In the United States, according to the Centers for Disease Control, more than
83,000 AIDS cases have been reported as of Jan. 9 among a population of 250
million. More than half of those patients have died, and United States health
officials say they believe that more than 1 million Americans have been infected
with the AIDS virus.

Rate Among U.S. Women

In the United States, women account for 9 percent of the AIDS cases reported
among adults. Federal officials believe that about half those women were
infected with the AIDS virus through the sharing of intravenous needles, while
about 30 percent of those women were infected through heterosexual intercourse,
in most cases with men who were drug users.

Doctors from nations including Mexico, Honduras, Venezuela and Brazil attributed
the incidence of AIDS among women in their countries to transfusions with
contaminated blood as well as to sexual relations with bisexual men. Intravenous
drug users are few.

But experts in Latin America also say they are now discovering that men
frequently insist on anal intercourse in their relationships with women and that
this form of intercourse may be a reason why more and more women are contracting
AIDS. Because anal tissue is more vulnerable to tearing during intercourse than
vaginal tissue, the experts say, the AIDS virus is more likely to enter the
bloodstreams of women who take part in anal intercourse.

''Everything we know indicates that anal intercourse without condoms is the most
dangerous of all sexual practices that people have studied,'' said Dr. Don Des
Jarlais, a coordinator for AIDS research for New York State, who attended the
conference. ''Anal tissues will often rupture and bleed. There is more trauma
and more exchange of blood.''

A Taboo on the Topic

Doctors say the subject is usually avoided in a region where people are largely
uncomfortable talking about sex. But experts now believe that they must address
the question in research and in educational campaigns.

''Anal sex is much more common than people think, and we will have to warn women
about this,'' said Dr. Gloria Echeverria Perez, a member of Venezuela's national
AIDS commission. But experts stress that any unprotected sexual intercourse with
an infected partner, anal of vaginal, carries the risk of spreading the disease.

Gabriela Leite Silva, the leader of a Brazilian organization of prostitutes and
a speaker at the AIDS conference, said, ''We, the prostitutes, who work with a
lot of men, know that the men in our country often want anal sex, regardless of
whether they are heterosexual or homosexual.''

The AIDS crisis has also brought to the surface a quandary: in a region with
scarce medical resources, should fighting AIDS be given priority over endemic
diseases like malaria, dengue fever and tuberculosis, all of which affect much
larger numbers of people.

The Cuban Approach

The Cuban approach to the AIDS question drew attention at the Latin conference.
Dr. Hector Terry, the Cuban Deputy Minister of Health, surprised experts by
disclosing previously restricted information about the Cuban campaign against
AIDS. Dr. Terry told the conference that Cuba has now tested 3.2 million people
to see if they carry the antibodies to the AIDS virus, or about 32 percent of
the nation's population of about 10 million.

The Cuban minister said that the number he gave represented 46 percent of the
sexually active population, and that 246 people have tested positive for the
AIDS antibodies. He did not say how many had shown symptoms of AIDS or had died
from the disease.

Dr. Terry did not discuss what medical treatment AIDS patients were receiving
and did not address assertions by Cuban exiles that AIDS victims were being held
in partial quarantine.

Visitors to Africa Tested

''We checked everyone returning from Africa,'' Dr. Terry added, referring to
Cuban troops, foreign aid workers and technicians who had done stints in a
region where AIDS is a major health crisis. ''Among slightly over 300,000
people, we found 84 who were positive,'' he said.

Cuba's screening, which experts said was proportionately the largest known
anywhere, drew criticism from doctors and health officials. ''We consider it a
waste of resources,'' said a regional official who favors testing high-risk
groups and emphasizing education.

But educational campaigns are hampered throughout South America by traditional
reservations about discussing sex, experts say. Roman Catholic Church and
education officials, for example, have widely opposed promoting the use of
condoms on television.

''In every country in the region we are finding it difficult to get teachers
involved in the educational programs,'' said Jonathan Mann, director of the
World Health Organization's AIDS program. ''Teachers feel unprepared or are
concerned to talk about the issues or they may get pressure from parents who do
not like the idea.'' #5,000 Brazilians Die of Malaria As in other third world
regions, experts say the cost of helping aids victims has become an obstacle to
more effective programs. Brazil, the country with the most AIDS cases, last year
had 500,000 cases of malaria, and the disease killed 5,000 people.

''The question we hear most often is, 'What if you find a drug, can we afford
it?' '' said Ronald St. John, a senior official at the Pan-American Health
Organization. ''People are aghast that it can cost thousands of dollars a year
to obtain medicine. This is a continent where many physicians just earn $400 or
$500 per month.''

Experts said a priority for the coming year was to make testing more easily
available. The cost of tests has been a barrier to widespread screening of risk
groups, Dr. Zacarias said, and even simple protective devices like condoms are
not always available.

'Cases Will Grow Rapidly'

AIDS experts said they feared that the number of cases of AIDS would grow
dramatically in Latin America.

''Even if the reporting is incomplete, you just have to look at the curve to see
that cases will grow rapidly,'' said Dr. King Holmes, a director of the Harbor
View Medical Center of Seattle.

By some estimates, perhaps half a million people have been contaminated by the
AIDS virus in Latin America and the Caribbean, creating long-term problems.
''Given the long period of incubation, the number of cases due to blood
transfusion and drug abuse will definitely increase in the coming years,'' said
Dr. Jaime Sepulveda, director of epidemiology at the Mexican Ministry of Health.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Hector Terry Meliinart (Agence France-Presse)

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                             748 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 15, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

FUNERAL HOMES ACCUSED OF BIAS ON AIDS

BYLINE: By SHARON L. BASS

SECTION: Section 11CN; Page 1, Column 1; Connecticut Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 1039 words


IN a practice that has angered advocates for people with AIDS, some Connecticut
funeral homes are charging up to $500 extra to handle the bodies of AIDS
patients, while others are turning the bodies away.

Directors of funeral homes say they must take extra precautions to deal with
carriers of acquired immune deficiency syndrome, and they expressed the fear
that the AIDS virus survives many hours after a person dies, when embalming
would normally occur.

State health officials and AIDS Project officials dismissed that claim, however,
calling the practice of overcharging and refusing bodies of AIDS victims
''despicable and overtly discriminative.''

''The AIDS virus is very fragile and does not live long after the person dies,''
said Marge Eichler, epidemiologist for the AIDS program of the State Department
of Health Services. ''We're not sure exactly how long it lives, however we know
it's probably in the neighborhood of two hours.''

Ms. Eichler said she had heard of funeral homes advising families not to show
the bodies of AIDS victims during wakes because of fear that the virus might
still be a threat to visitors. She said she had also heard of funeral homes in
Fairfield County rejecting bodies.

''Two years ago, a woman died of AIDS-related complex in Norwalk and it took the
family a week to find a funeral home that would take her,'' she said.

As a result, the state health department, as well as AIDS projects in New Haven,
Hartford and Bridgeport have compiled their own lists of funeral homes that will
handle funeral arrangements for AIDS victims. There are no state regulations
prohibiting funeral homes from refusing to handle AIDS cases or limiting the
amount they may charge to do so.

Of the state's 526 diagnosed cases of AIDS, the largest numbers are in New
Haven, with 119 cases, Hartford with 66 and Bridgeport with 39, according to
state health officials.

''The virus is still virulent,'' said the director of the Celentano Funeral Home
in New Haven, Bill Celentano. ''We have to use special kits of disposable gear
to work on AIDS victims. We have to charge more. We're taking a risk.'' He said
that although he charged $500 more for a casket and the service for a person who
died from acquired immune deficiency syndrome, ''there are a lot of funeral
directors out there who won't even touch these bodies.''

''It's a difficult and sensitive issue,'' Mr. Celentano added. ''Cremation would
be cheaper.'' The director of Lupinski Funeral Home in New Haven, Lucille
Fiorella, said the ''scariest part is you don't know if you're dealing with an
AIDS body'' because ''doctors write down pneumonia or cardiac arrest.

''Of course I charge extra,'' she added, declining to say how muc.

Another funeral director in New Haven, Hawley Lincoln, said he charged $100
extra to embalm the body of an AIDS patient because of the extra time and
equipment needed to carry out the process of simultaneously injecting a chemical
preservative into the body while draining out some or all of the blood.

Annette Isaac of the Isaac MacDonald Funeral Home in Bridgeport said she charged
$150 more to handle the bodies of AIDS patients.

According to AIDS project officials and funeral directors, several funeral homes
across the state flatly refused to handle funeral services for AIDS patients.

''I know of these practices and they stink,'' the owner of the Hamden Memorial
Funeral Home, William Hume, said. ''I know of one home that won't even dress a
body. They tell the family they'll do it their way and push them away. It's
disgraceful.'' He said he had handled two bodies of AIDS victims and did not
charge extra.

Funeral directors who charge more say they do so because of the need to buy
disposable protective gear for the embalming, which includes goggles, a mask,
gloves and a gown, similar to the kind worn by doctors and nurses in hospitals.

According to Mike Dodge, vice president of the Dodge Chemical Company in
Cambridge, Mass., the major supplier of such gear to funeral homes in the state,
the kits cost $21.50. He said over the last five years sales have increased
substantially.

He partly attributed the extra funeral charges to ''the fact that AIDS is a
social issue.''

''It's a social stigma,'' he said. ''I've never heard of anyone charging any
more for any case except in severe reconstruction jobs due to accidents. That is
until now, because of AIDS.''

The coordinator of the AIDS Project in New Haven, John Wilcox, said, ''There is
no reason for it but ignorance. Funeral homes are telling people with AIDS to be
cremated, not to be embalmed or have an open casket.''

At the Greater Bridgeport AIDS Project, an AIDS antibody testing counselor,
Nancy Reilly, said, ''It's ridiculous to single these people out.'' She said she
had never heard of any such funeral practice for people who died from hepatitis
B, for instance, which is more virulent than AIDS.

She cited a recent report by the Federal Occupational Safety and Health
Administration that said 200 health care workers a year nationwide become
infected and die from hepatitis B after treating patients with that infection,
while only nine health care workers have become infected by the AIDS virus
through contact with an infected patient's blood or body fluids.

Ms. Eichler of the state health department said she was not aware of any funeral
homes either rejecting or charging extra for people who died from hepatitis B.
''Probably because it does not carry the same social stigma that AIDS does,''
she said.

According to Mr. Lincoln, who is also the vice president of the National Funeral
Directors Association, the Connecticut organization has adopted the
association's 1985 AIDS policy. Basically the policy says that funeral directors
should provide services, including embalming, for AIDS victims, and that they
may charge extra for dealing with these bodies, but it does not require them to
handle the bodies of the victims.

''But nothing says anyone has to do anything,'' he said. ''What we need is
education and compassion. That's the key.''

Ms. Eichler said: ''The whole practice is unfair. We just hope that the funeral
directors pull themselves together and start acting like professionals.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             749 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                             August 13, 2006 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Be informed, be involved aids Guide a four-page pullout section

BYLINE: James MacGowan, The Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: SPECIAL SECTION; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 3371  words


WEBSITES

ALEXANDRA FULLER:

- www.cidrz.org. The Centre for Infectious Disease Research in Zambia (CIDRZ). I
think these smaller, more intimate and hands-on connections are too often
ignored -- check out its work -- it's extraordinary.

BRIAN MCKEOWN & LINDA SVENDSEN:

- www.aidsmap.com and www.thebody.com, based in New York, both have superb
coverage of all the issues, especially information for people with HIV.

- www.iavi.org. A great website by the International AIDS Vaccine Initiative.

- www.tac.org.za. Sign up for the newsletter from TAC, the Treatment Action
Committee in South Africa and tune in to the ongoing campaign waged by one of
the most effective action groups in the world.

- www.actupny.org. Check out the various websites for "ACT UP" (The AIDS
Coalition to Unleash Power).

MELISSA FAY GREENE:

- www.avert.org is No. 1 for me: timely, well-organized, smart and comprehensive
about AIDS origins, history, treatment, access, and scientific frontiers. I
appreciate not only the work but the educational websites of NGOs and activist
groups like Medecins Sans Frontieres (www.msf.org), ACT UP (especially
www.ACTUPPARIS.org), and Jamie Love and the Consumer Project on Technology
(www.cptech.org).

SEAN JACOBS:

- www.health-e.org.za. Run by a group of former mainstream health journalists in
South Africa who set up their own health -- mainly AIDS -- news agency to
document the pandemic in the Southern African region.

ANNE-CHRISTINE D'ADESKY:

- www.irinnews.org. It's the UN regional info hub for humanitarian affairs. It
keeps me informed about HIV in the global context, viewed through a lens of
human rights and catastrophic crisis. I get educated every day.

PETER ORNER:

- www.namibian.com.na. My limited personal knowledge of the AIDS crisis in
Africa comes from my having lived in Namibia in the early 1990s and returning
there many times to research my novel. I always turn to the Namibian, which was
instrumental in Namibia's fight for independence against South Africa. It has
always -- often to the chagrin of the government -- given the straight story
about HIV/AIDS.

- www.namibweb.com/aids.htm.

NamibWeb is a good source of general information on AIDS in Namibia.

OTHER SITES OF NOTE:

- www.aids2006.org

The official site of this week's conference.

- Pambazuka News

"A Weekly Electronic Newsletter For Social Justice In Africa." Send an e-mail to
pambazuka-news@pambazuka.org.

- www.allafrica.com/aids

Offers news about AIDS developments from across Africa.

- www.kaisernetwork.org

The Kaiser Family Foundation is a solid source of news. Watch for its daily
reports from the AIDS conference this week.

- www.globalhealthfacts.org

Kaiser also operates Global Health Facts. It provides regularly updated data on
HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis, malaria and emerging health issues at the country and
regional levels.

- www.sarpn.org.za

Southern African Poverty Network provides information, news articles and links
to good sites on poverty and AIDS in Southern Africa, from the perspective of
advocates in the South.

- www.radioafrica.oneworld.net

OneWorld Radio Africa teems with all kinds of news, mostly from a development
point of view. But it has a search function that returns numerous archived
broadcasts on AIDS.

- www.aegis.com

AIDS Education Global Information System is a very thorough site that has
up-to-the-minute news stories from around the world, Provides an anonymous "ask
the doc" feature.

- www.aidsonline.com

Focuses on "the very latest ground-breaking research" on both HIV and AIDS.
Technical jargon abounds, so only for dedicated readers.

- www.aids.org

A U.S.-based organization that centralizes news stories about AIDS from papers
around the world.

- www.aidsnews.org

AIDS Treatment News is a newsletter for people with HIV that reports on
mainstream and alternative treatment and access to care.

- www.Aidschannel.org

A multi-media site full of information about AIDS in Africa.

For a more complete list of websites, visit www.ottawacitizen.com/features/aids

LONG LIFE: BODY MAPS & MEMORY BOXES

It is estimated 13 million children in sub-Saharan Africa have lost one or both
parents to AIDS. To assist families ravaged by the pandemic, psychosocial
support initiatives have emerged to help individuals living and dying of AIDS
and all those they will leave behind.

Memory boxes were pioneered in Uganda by HIV-positive mothers who wanted to
leave their soon-to-be-orphaned children stories and pictures and life stories.

"It can be about living with HIV and still living a healthy and positive life,"
explains Jonathan Morgan, who has used the therapy in his work with Africa's
Regional Psychosocial Support Initiative. "It can be a story about talking about
pain and loss and death."

Body mapping is another support tool that grew out of Morgan's work in Cape
Town, South Africa. Women create life-size maps of their bodies on paper,
charting among other details the physical and emotional trauma HIV has
inflicted. "Memory work of this sort is a stage on which people's stories can be
heard and told," Morgan says. "It helps ensure that the lives and struggles of
people bravely facing difficulties are recognized, recorded and disseminated."

- The Cape Town project resulted in a book, Long Life: Positive HIV Stories.

- At AIDS 2006, 20 body maps -- each documenting the story of a woman with HIV/
AIDS in Africa -- will be exhibited.

www.catie.ca/eng/getinvolved/aids2006

BOOKS

ALEXANDRA FULLER:

- Mountains Beyond Mountains: The Quest of Dr. Paul Farmer, a Man Who Would Cure
the World, by Tracy Kidder (2003). It is not especially about AIDS, but it IS
about the greatest enemy of AIDS being a kind of First World lethargy toward the
epidemic, and how one man refused to take bad roads, inadequate funds and an
uneducated population as an excuse to offer inferior health care.

- We Are All The Same: A Story of a Boy's Courage and a Mother's Love by Jim
Wooten (2004). This book gives a very clear picture of how the epidemic has
caught fire in Africa, on the tail of migrant workers, soldiers, wars and
corrupt, inept governments.

- To the Wedding: A Novel by John Berger (1995). A love story in spite of HIV
and shows, beautifully, how HIV is a health issue, not a death sentence or a
moral indictment.

BRIAN MCKEOWN & LINDA SVENDSEN:

- Race Against Time by Stephen Lewis is essential reading. Stephen's great
heart, sharp eye and eloquence -- his point of view is unique and valuable.

- Moving Mountains: The Race to Treat Global AIDS (2004), by Anne-Christine
d'Adesky, is a very good introduction to the issues and forces arrayed in this
battle.

- AIDS in the Twenty-First Century, Disease and Globalization (2002), by Tony
Barnett and Alan Whiteside, is erudite and heartfelt and contextualizes every
aspect of the AIDS plague.

- Shots in the Dark by Jon Cohen (2001) on the quest for an AIDS vaccine.

- Pandemic: Facing AIDS is a project sponsored by The Bill and Melinda Gates
Foundation, Time Warner, HBO and many more. It consists of a very powerful book
of photographs and essays by some of the world's best photographers and most
notable writers. It also contains art installations and an HBO documentary film
by Rory Kennedy.

MELISSA FAY GREENE:

- And The Band Played On: Politics, People and the AIDS Epidemic, by the late
Randy Shilts (1987), is an almost-encyclopedic narrative of the appearance of
AIDS in America, with a cast of hundreds, the tension of heart-rending
individual histories, and the growing horror that the author himself must be
infected but chooses not to acknowledge it until his work is finished.

- Borrowed Time by the late Paul Monette (1988): the National Book Award-winning
non-fiction writer, who chronicled the slow death of his partner Roger Horwitz,
by AIDS, before perishing himself in 1995. A counterweight to the works of
epidemiology with all the big numbers: this is what one death by AIDS, of a
beloved friend, looked like in the U.S. in the 1980s, and still looks like today
in impoverished nations.

I think my favorite movie has yet to be made: it will tell the story of the
Rwandan women I work with now in my organization, WE-ACTx, who have survived
genocide, rape and HIV, who are stepping forward to lead their country. It will
reveal the heart and soul of a woman who has lost everything and borne every
sorrow, who chooses to live again, and to believe in the possibility of a
healthy future for herself, her family and children, her country her continent
-- Africa -- all this in the midst of this unprecedented human epidemic of AIDS.

ORNER;

- Master Positive, a short film (eight minutes) shot in Namibia. This film by
Kelly Kowalski about a coffin maker takes you into the every day reality of AIDS
in Namibia -- the title character is both wise and honest and also, amazingly
given the circumstances, often quite funny.
(www.dayzero.co.za/steps/films/films_shorts/masterpositive.htm)

OTHER FILMS OF NOTE:

- A Closer Walk (2003) A full-length documentary of the struggle against AIDS
across the world. (Robert Bilheimer, producer and director).

- Yesterday (2004) The South African Oscar-nominated film about a rural woman's
quiet struggle to overcome stigma, discrimination, and poverty after learning
that she is HIV-positive. This moving story is beautifully shot, unsentimental
in its telling, and powerfully executed.

- Angels in America (2004): The play by Tony Kushner was adapted into an
Emmy-winning film.

- Silverlake Life: The View from Here (1993): A documentary on the decline and
death of a gay couple, Tom Joslin and Mark Massi. Both were diagnosed with AIDS
and decided to record a video diary of what they went through. Tom died in 1990;
Mark in 1991. Subsequently, all the video they had shot was passed on to
filmmaker Peter Friedman who put this documentary together. Both moving and
powerful.

- The Race Against Time (2001) and The Value of Life (2003), the first two of a
trilogy about Stephen Lewis' experience as UN Special Envoy for HIV/AIDS in
Africa. (Judy Jackson, the Nature of Things).

- Philadelphia (1992) Hollywood's take on AIDS and discrimination, from the
point of view of a gay lawyer (Tom Hanks) who has been wrongfully terminated
from his high-priced job because he has AIDS.

- The Other Side of AIDS (2004)

Controversial film by Robin Scovill that calls "the multi-billion-dollar war on
AIDS" a "failure." This film, says a promotional blurb, "gives voice to a
growing movement of doctors, scientists, journalists, and HIV positives who
reveal a tangled web of conflicts of interest, political correctness and
unresolved errors surrounding AIDS."

- Let's Talk About It . . . Harriet (2003)

A short film about a Zambian woman diagnosed as HIV positive, in a country where
one-in-five is HIV positive. Despite this, no one ever admits they are infected
and this film shows how Harriet and her friends handle the "shame" of her
diagnosis. (Carol Duffy Clay, director.)

- Mercy (2002)

Documentary focusing on 11-year-old Luk Nam, who lives in the slums of Bangkok.
The story is told through her diary "as she recalls the loss of her family and
her best friend" to AIDS. A much needed look at consequences to children of
HIV-positive parents. (Jeanne Hallacy, director.)

- AIDS: The Woman's Story (2004)

Personal stories of women living with HIV or AIDS in Kenya, Brazil and Thailand.
(Walther Grotenhuis, director.)

- These Patents Make Me Sick!: AIDS In Africa. A French documentary that
examines a wide range of obstacles that continue to deny effective HIV/AIDS
treatment to the majority of people who need it in Africa, home to 10 per cent
of the world's population and two thirds of all people living with HIV.
(Directors, Rony Brauman, Gerard Lafont, Anne-Christine Roth.)

- State of Denial (2003). According to a promotional blurb, this film "takes
viewers into the lives of six people struggling to survive with HIV in the face
of social stigma, a severe lack of access to lifesaving treatments, and their
president Thabo Mbeki's controversial stance on the connection between HIV and
AIDS." (Producer/Director: Elaine Epstein.)

FILM & VIDEO

ALEXANDRA FULLER:

- The Lord of War (2005). Again, not specifically about AIDS, but it IS about
the arms trade and the waste of life that is both war and AIDS, and how the two
go hand in hand. I think it might be one of the most brilliant examples of how
the West profits from the ills of the Third World, and Nicholas Cage most
definitely should have won an Oscar for his performance. The movie should be
mandatory for everyone. It just did not flinch from the overwhelming reason why
so much of Africa is so overcome by disease and poverty. For the same reasons, I
would also recommend The Constant Gardener (2005), a thriller starring Ralph
Fiennes, and taking place in Africa, and touches on the AIDS pandemic.

- Rx for Survival: A Global Health Challenge (2005). A PBS series about the most
critical and emerging threats to global public health.

- Living with AIDS (2005). Award-winning African journalist Sorious Samura goes
to Zambia to chronicle that country's devastation from AIDS.

BRIAN MCKEOWN & LINDA SVENDSEN:

- Born Into Brothels: Calcutta's Red Light Kids (2003), a documentary by Zana
Briski and Ross Kauffman.

In Calcutta, children of prostitutes embark on a transformational journey with
photographer Zana Briski, who teaches them to photograph their own lives.

- Pandemic: Facing AIDS, (2003)

A documentary by Rory Kennedy. Narrated by Danny Glover, this film tells five
stories from around the world, "revealing the heartaches and triumphs of real
people coping with the stigma and effects of this devastating epidemic."

- Tsepong: A Clinic Called Hope (2005). See description at bottom of this page.

- Their Brothers' Keepers: Orphaned by AIDS (2005). This documentary, directed
by Catherine Mullins, was shot over seven-month period in a shantytown in
Lusaka, Zambia, and follows the day-to-day struggles of two families, both
headed by children of parents who have died from AIDS.

SEAN JACOBS:

- ABC Africa (2002) From master Iranian filmmaker Abbas Kiarostami about his
trip to Uganda to document AIDS orphans. A very un-Western, non-formulaic look
at the AIDS crisis.

- A Red Ribbon Around my House (2001). Documentary film directed by Portia
Rankaone (one of my favourite South African directors) about a proud and
flamboyant middle-aged HIV-positive mother from Soweto, facing her daughter down
about her HIV status.

- It's My Life (2002) Intimate portrait, shot over 5 months, of Zackie Achmat,
the gay, HIV-positive man at the front of South Africa's AIDS social movement of
mainly heterosexual women.

ANNE-CHRISTINE D'ADESKY:

I think my favourite movie has yet to be made: it will tell the story of the
Rwandan women I work with now in my organization, WE-ACTx, who have survived
genocide, rape and HIV, and who are stepping forward to lead their country. It
will reveal the heart and soul of a woman who has lost everything and borne
every sorrow, who chooses to live again, and who believes in the possibility of
a healthy future for herself, her family and children, her country her continent
-- Africa -- all this in the midst of this unprecedented human epidemic of AIDS.

PETER ORNER;

- Master Positive, a short film shot in Namibia. This film by Kelly Kowalski
about a coffin-maker takes you into the everyday reality of AIDS in Namibia --
the title character is both wise and honest and also, amazingly given the
circumstances, often quite funny.

OTHER FILMS OF NOTE:

- A Closer Walk (2003) A full-length documentary of the struggle against AIDS
across the world. (Robert Bilheimer, producer and director.)

- Yesterday (2004) The South African Oscar-nominated film about a rural woman's
quiet struggle to overcome stigma, discrimination, and poverty

after learning that she is HIV-positive. This moving story is beautifully shot,
unsentimental

in its telling, and powerfully executed.

- Angels in America (2004) The play by Tony Kushner was adapted into an
Emmy-winning film.

- Silverlake Life: The View from Here (1993) A documentary on the decline and
death of a gay couple, Tom Joslin and Mark Massi. Both were diagnosed with AIDS
and decided to record a video diary of what they went through. Tom died in 1990;
Mark in 1991. Subsequently, all the video they had shot was passed on to
filmmaker Peter Friedman who put this documentary together.

- The Race Against Time (2001) and The Value of Life (2003), the first two of a
trilogy about Stephen Lewis's experience as UN Special Envoy for HIV/AIDS in
Africa. (Judy Jackson, The Nature of Things.)

- Philadelphia (1992) Hollywood's take on AIDS and discrimination, from the
point of view of a gay lawyer (Tom Hanks) who has been wrongfully terminated
from his high-priced job because he has AIDS.

- The Other Side of AIDS (2004)

Controversial film by Robin Scovill that calls "the multibillion-dollar war on
AIDS" a "failure." This film, says a promotional blurb, "gives voice to a
growing movement of doctors, scientists, journalists and HIV-positives who
reveal a tangled web of conflicts of interest, political correctness and
unresolved errors surrounding AIDS."

- Let's Talk About It ... Harriet (2003) A short film about a Zambian woman
diagnosed as HIV-positive, in a country where one-in-five is HIV-positive.
Despite this, no one ever admits they are infected, and this film shows how
Harriet and her friends handle the "shame" of her diagnosis. (Carol Duffy Clay,
director.)

- Mercy (2002) Documentary focusing on 11-year-old Luk Nam, who lives in the
slums of Bangkok. The story is told through her diary as she recalls the loss of
her family and her best friend to AIDS. A much-needed look at consequences to
children of HIV-positive parents. (Jeanne Hallacy, director.)

- AIDS: The Woman's Story (2004) Personal stories of women with HIV or AIDS in
Kenya, Brazil and Thailand. (Walther Grotenhuis, director.)

- These Patents Make Me Sick!: AIDS In Africa A French documentary that examines
a wide range of obstacles that continue to deny effective HIV/AIDS treatment to
the majority of people who need it in Africa, home to 10 per cent of the world's
population and two-thirds of all people with HIV. (Directors Rony Brauman,
Gerard Lafont, Anne-Christine Roth.)

- State of Denial (2003). According to a promotional blurb, this film "takes
viewers into the lives of six people struggling to survive with HIV in the face
of social stigma, a severe lack of access to lifesaving treatments, and their
president Thabo Mbeki's controversial stance on the connection between HIV and
AIDS." (Producer/director Elaine Epstein.)

TSEPONG: A CLINIC CALLED HOPE

A documentary about AIDS in Lesotho and Canadians who staff a clinic there.

- On our website

See clips of the film and hear a commentary by its director, Patrick Reed, at
www.ottawacitizen.com/features/aids

- Screening

7:30 p.m., Thursday, August 17 at the Royal Ontario Museum in Toronto, with
Pills Profits Protest: Chronicle of the Global AIDS Movement, followed by Q&A

- More information

Order the DVD or find screening dates, go to www.whitepinepictures.com

THE EXPERTS

- ALEXANDRA FULLER

Author of the New York Times bestseller and critically acclaimed Don't Let's Go
To the Dogs Tonight: An African Childhood.

- BRIAN MCKEOWN & LINDA SVENDSEN

Award-winning creators and producers of the acclaimed CBC television miniseries
Human Cargo are currently at work on Immunity, a six-hour miniseries on the
global battle to defeat AIDS.

- MELISSA FAY GREENE

A renowned U.S. journalist and author of the newly released There Is No Me
Without You: One Woman's Odyssey to Rescue Africa's Children.

See excerpt, page B11

- SEAN JACOBS

A journalist and an academic. Born in Cape Town, South Africa, he teaches
African Studies and communication at the University of Michigan and was editor
of Thabo Mbeki's World: The Ideology and Politics of the South African
President.

- ANNE-CHRISTINE D'ADESKY

A longtime journalist covering AIDS and author of Moving Mountains: The Race to
Treat Global AIDS. She is also

co-director of Pills, Profits, Protest: Chronicle of the Global AIDS Movement
(2005), a documentary that will be screened at the AIDS conference this week.

- PETER ORNER

Orner is a prize-winning short-story writer and author of the acclaimed novel
The Second Coming of Mavala Shikongo, set in the Namibian veldt.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Aids in Africa

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: (See hard copy for photo description.); Colour
Photo: White Pine Pictures; Dr. Philip Berger of Toronto treats a patient in a
scene from A Clinic Called Hope

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Series

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2006 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                             750 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                           February 23, 2006 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Technology helping those with hearing loss

BYLINE: Alex Frazer-Harrison, For Neighbours

SECTION: NEIGHBOURS; Pg. N10

LENGTH: 1302  words


When Duane Tritter, 61, straps on his skis at Canada Olympic Park, the last
thing on his mind is the fact he wears a hearing aid.

Long gone are the days when people with hearing loss needed so-called "tin
ears." New technology has made hearing aids smaller and more effective than
ever.

"I probably always needed hearing aids but I tried not to admit that I was
hearing-impaired," says retired schoolteacher Tritter, who believes a bout with
scarlet fever as a child affected his hearing. "I found it was getting difficult
going to meetings and I read lips a lot. I finally bit the bullet and got my
hearing tested."

The first hearing aids Tritter saw were too cumbersome for his active lifestyle.
"When smaller ones came out I went ahead and bought one but you always had to
adjust the volume and it still didn't mask other sounds -- it amplified
everything.

"Now, I have 'completely-in-canal' (CIC) hearing aids and they've been
fantastic. I call them my 'little buds,'" he says.

Tritter, who is a ski instructor at Canada Olympic Park, says CIC units are the
best fit for him when it comes to wearing helmets and being active.

Technology has improved hearing aids tremendously in recent years, says Ian
Campbell, a registered hearing aid practitioner with Calgary Hearing Aid and
Audiology 2002 Ltd. Miniaturization allows some digital hearing aids to be
placed right into the ear itself.

"Completely-in-the-canal hearing aids are almost hidden within the ear, and
digital technology is used to control noise," says Campbell, adding there is
often a "Wow factor" when clients upgrade to some of the more recent devices.

"(Some non-CIC hearing aids) use two directional microphones like the focus on a
camera ... it gets rid of enough background noise to allow the user to hear
better.

"Most of the hearing aids I fit don't even have volume controls. The device does
self-adjustments."

The advent of artificial intelligence in hearing aids has revolutionized the
industry, says Paul Marsonette, president of Apex Hearing Systems Ltd.

"It does as much as an electronic device can do to mimic the way the brain
manages sound and deliver it to the brain in a more natural way," he says.

Early hearing aids were little more than amplifiers, says Marsonette. "They
amplified every sound." This meant that it was still difficult for users to hear
conversations in noisy situations. Now, however, digital hearing aids can
automatically filter out extraneous noise.

CIC hearing aids are only one option available, says Ian Alexander, owner of
Beltone Hearing Centres.

"One of the biggest problems with hearing aids is what we call 'occlusion' --
the plugging of the ears --which can be uncomfortable," he says. "Probably the
biggest improvement I've seen has been the development of open fitting (hearing
aids)."

Also called "over-the-ear" devices, these hearing aids run thin, almost
invisible tubes into the entrance of the ear.

"I didn't want a huge, obvious hearing aid, I wanted performance," says Gerard
Marcoux, a practitioner at Apex who himself has high-frequency hearing loss and
uses an over-the-ear/open fitting system.

"The real benefit is I don't have 'ear plugs' anymore," he says. "The tubes go
into the ear and it stays dry, and it's easy to adjust to this type of hearing
aid."

The type of hearing aid that's right for you depends on the severity of your
hearing loss, says Marcoux. Some can benefit from CIC or over-the-ear, while
others may require larger units.

Floyd Enloe, 71, of High River has been wearing hearing aids for 15 years.

"My hearing loss is 'sensorineural,' an inner ear nerve thing that can't be
reversed," he says. "It's an age thing but it's also genetic -- many of my
family members had it.

"I had one ear better than the other, and I got sick and had vertigo and I woke
up deaf in one ear. That sent me into depression; I gradually got out of it but
it took me six months."

Enloe says he wears a behind-the-ear style device because of the level of his
hearing loss. "I'm not a vain person. My hearing is more important than what
people think," he says. Enloe has become an advocate for people with hearing
loss, establishing the High River/Okotoks chapter of the Canadian Hard of
Hearing Association last fall.

Former CFCN newscaster Murray Dale, 63, began wearing hearing aids 10 years ago
due to noise-induced hearing loss caused by years of radio broadcasting and
riding in helicopters. He says the hearing aids of today are far more
sophisticated than they were a few years ago.

"The hearing aid I use is an Oticon and it has four separate programs," he says.
"I can accommodate different environments. For instance if I move from (a quiet
office) into, say, a restaurant, I can just touch a button and switch to a
program with noise suppression. It reduces background sound and I can focus on a
single voice."

The other programs allow Dale to better listen to music, or hear more clearly in
a noisy environment such as driving in traffic.

Finding the right hearing aid system for clients, and maintaining the devices
later, has become a fine science, says Campbell.

"We use Real Ear Measurement to see what's happening in the ear and we use
computers to program the hearing aid," he says. "(Some hearing aids) have
16-channel equalizers, like a miniature stereo system. There's a lot more
flexibility.

"A 30-day trial period ... is part of the fitting process. And it's also a
rehabilitation process. The brain needs to learn to register some of the soft
background noises again."

APEX recently began testing the Sound Activity Meter (SAM), a recently developed
device about the size of a pinky tip that clients clip to their clothing for a
week to measure daily exposure to sound.

"This will enable us to send the client out and get an accurate picture of their
environment ... giving us a clear pattern that we can use for programming the
hearing aid," says Marsonette.

State-of-the-art computer programs such as eCAPS and NOAH are used in the
industry to fine-tune hearing aids and make sure users continue to get
crystal-clear sound (or as close as possible).

Some new hearing aid technology crosses paths with the latest trends, such as
ELI (Ear Level Instrument) which uses Bluetooth wireless technology to allow
hearing aid users to link up with their cell phones and other communication
devices.

"There have been issues in the past with feedback and clarity (using cell
phones), but this eliminates that," says Campbell.

Despite advancements in technology, it can still be difficult to convince people
to have their hearing checked.

"Hearing loss is nothing to be ashamed of -- millions of people have it," says
Marsonette.

Adds Tritter: "There's a stigma that only old people have hearing aids. I think
our society is becoming more accepting now. We know everyone has different
things they need."

Dale holds up his hearing aid which is not much larger than a dime. "People
think wearing a hearing aid makes you look older, but today you can have this
little thing with all the technology you need ... no one knows you have a
hearing aid."

Starkey, a major hearing aid manufacturer, says if one or more of these
indicators apply to you, you might need to have your hearing checked by a
professional:

- Favouring one ear over the other.

- Being told that you're playing your TV too loud.

- Having difficulty following conversations in groups and noisy places.

- Asking people to repeat themselves, especially women and children.

- Hearing from a distance (church, theatre) is more difficult than it used to
be.

- Family and friends have commented on your inability to hear.

- Ringing in your ears.

- Having a close relative with hearing loss.

- Having had significant noise exposure at work, at play or in military service.

- Having difficulty understanding soft or whispered speech, or words spoken on
the telephone.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Wil Andruschak for Neighbours; Clinical audiologist Logan McMeekin
of Apex adjusts client Murray Dale' earpieces.;
Colour Photo: Wil Andruschak; Duane Tritter, a ski instuctor at COP, shows an
ear bud which allows him to maintain his active lifestyle.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2006 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             751 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education
                               www.chronicle.com

                            January 1, 2017  Sunday

The Surprising Value That Need-Based Aid Brings

BYLINE: Sandy Baum

SECTION: COMMENTARY; Opinion

LENGTH: 1232  words

ABSTRACT

Making higher education possible for students who could not otherwise afford to
enroll - not necessarily just the poorest - should be a priority for colleges.

FULL TEXT

[[photo id="79858" crop="square_650x650" align="center" size="full-width"
class=""]]

In the academic year 2015-16, colleges and universities in the United States
distributed almost $55 billion in institutional grant aid to their students,
meaning that they discounted their sticker prices by that amount. Those dollars
make college more affordable for students and families, but their impact on
institutional revenues is not so simple.

Some colleges could fill their classes with students who would enroll even
without the discount, and for those institutions this aid is a real expenditure.
The purpose may be to ease financial pressures for students and families and/or
to recruit students with desirable qualities such as high grades or an
exceptional curve ball.

But for most colleges, discounting is a strategy crucial to the enrollment
process: They would have fewer students and potentially significantly less
tuition revenue if they insisted that everyone pay the full posted price.

[[pullquote quote="Need-based aid is not just for the poor; it is also for
middle-income students and others whose circumstances make paying for college
from personal resources particularly difficult." align="right"
size="half-width"]] It's important, however, to ask not just how much
institutional grant aid colleges are distributing, but also which students are
benefiting. Is the aid going to low- and moderate-income students who would not
be able to afford to enroll without it? Is it going to star athletes? Is it
going to students with high test scores who could afford to pay but would be
likely to choose other institutions if they weren't offered a discount?

Drawing a line between need-based and non-need-based aid can get complicated.
Institutions know how they have chosen their aid recipients. Did the students
apply for financial aid, providing information about income and assets? Did a
calculation of their ability to pay yield a measure of financial need that led
the college to award them grant aid? Or did they receive a scholarship based on
their high-school grades or test scores or on the recommendation of a coach or a
music teacher?

A significant amount of non-need-based aid actually goes to students with
financial need, helping them as much as a need-based award would. In 2011-12,
some 41 percent of the non-need-based grants that were awarded to full-time
students at private nonprofit colleges, and 26 percent at public four-year
colleges, was non-need-based aid that helped students meet financial need. It
was awarded for reasons other than financial circumstances, but it served the
purpose of need-based aid.

Recognizing the difference between aid that meets need and aid beyond need is
important for institutions because it affects the size, academic
characteristics, and demographics of their student bodies, in addition to their
net revenues. It is also important for higher education as a whole and for the
society it serves.

Using aid to affect institutional choice may induce students to switch from one
college to a similar one, while need-based aid is much more likely to increase
the number of students who enroll in college at all or who enroll in the
four-year institutions to which they aspire.

Colleges may see short-term gains from generous financial aid to students from
affluent families - the colleges may move up in the rankings, or they may
temporarily increase their net revenues. But some competitor institution is very
likely paying for these gains and could get into a bidding war to stem the loss
of desirable students.

On the other hand, aid to students with very limited resources is much more
likely both to achieve the social goal of increasing educational attainment and
to succeed in increasing the number of students enrolling in, for example,
private colleges or four-year public colleges in a particular state.

Pricing data on the College Scorecard website suggest that it is not at all
uncommon for the lowest-income students to pay higher net prices than those from
families further up the income scale. Even when net prices increase with income,
the gaps between groups are quite small. The number of Pell Grant recipients
whom individual institutions enroll gets quite a bit of attention, and
underfunding of need-based aid can have a significant negative impact on this
very public measure.

[[relatedcontent align="left" size="half-width"]] But need-based aid doesn't go
just to Pell Grant recipients. A family can have an income much higher than
$50,000 and still need help paying the price of a selective private college or
even a flagship public. This is why need-based aid is not just for the poor; it
is also for middle-income students and others whose circumstances make paying
for college from personal resources particularly difficult. And this broader
view is important for administrators to consider in weighing the role of
need-based aid in the institutional budget.

Need-based aid is valuable for the nation, but it is also valuable for colleges.
It's OK if institutions increase this type of aid because of public pressure,
but they should also understand that it is in their interest to enroll a
socioeconomically diverse class. Moreover, excluding students for financial
reasons means enrolling students with weaker academic qualifications or who are
a more questionable fit just because they can pay.

Aid based on need is also good for the bottom line in the long run. The number
of families who can pay the full price of tuition, fees, room, and board without
financial assistance - especially at private colleges but increasingly also at
public colleges - is small. Fighting over that limited number of students is
going to end up depleting funds and leaving many colleges underenrolled.
Need-based aid can ensure that qualified students with limited ability to pay
can enroll in the institutions best suited to their needs.

This doesn't mean that there is no place for non-need-based aid. Some
institutions are full of students whose need they can't possibly afford to meet.
For those colleges, socioeconomic diversity means attracting more students from
relatively affluent backgrounds who could afford to pay but need financial
encouragement to bring them to a particular campus. Even some relatively
well-resourced institutions with high admissions standards may find that they
can't both bring in a class and pay the bills if they don't use their aid funds
strategically to increase the number of students paying high net prices.

Institutional financial aid has multiple purposes. But for nonprofit colleges
whose goal is to provide high-quality educational opportunities, and whose
tax-exempt status is based on contributions to society, making attendance
possible for students who could not otherwise afford to enroll should be near
the top of the list.

Most institutions can't accomplish this goal without careful financial
management, which may involve giving discounts to some students who don't really
need them. There are always trade-offs, but remember this: Need-based aid is no
luxury.

Sandy Baum is a senior fellow in the Income and Benefits Policy Center at the
Urban Institute and a professor emerita of economics at Skidmore College.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mark Shaver for The Chronicle
The Surprising Value That Need-Based Aid Brings 1

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2017 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved


                             752 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 27, 2016 Wednesday

How to Apply for Financial Aid (2016-17)

LENGTH: 249  words

DATELINE: New York



 Des Moines: Iowa Library Service has issued the following news release:



   A guide for students and families looking to obtain state and federal
financial aid. Information includes: FAFSA filing deadlines, the steps necessary
to complete the FAFSA and Iowa Financial Aid Application, how to accept
financial aid awards and the common myths that families have about financial aid
. (Item: IC-HAFF)



 Item Type:     Other

 Keywords:     FAFSA, Iowa Financial Aid Application, Student Financial Aid,
College Aid, Federal Aid

 Subjects:     Education > Educational finance > State aid to higher education

 Education > Educational finance > Student financial aid

 Education > Higher education > Community and technical colleges

 Education > Higher education > Graduate schools

 Education > Higher education > Private four-year colleges and universities

 Education > Higher education > Public four-year colleges and universities

 Education > Higher education > State aid to higher education

 Education > Higher education > Student financial aid

 Education > Students > College students > Student financial aid

 Government finance and taxes > Educational finance > State aid to higher
education

 Government finance and taxes > State finance > State aid to higher education

 ID Code:     22554

 Deposited By:     Mr Eric Olson

 Deposited On:     27 Jul 2016 14:45

 Last Modified:     27 Jul 2016 14:45



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             753 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                            November 30, 2015 Monday

Foreign aid flow a politically motivated process

LENGTH: 692  words


The new development agenda of the world has been set under the rubric of
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) with expected cost of $3 trillion.

With so much of its focus on appreciating the scarcity of world resources and
its sustainable utilisation, a natural query that stems is what makes these $3
trillion less scarce?

In this regard, the SDGs require an even larger role of foreign aid to
developing countries unlike its predecessor the Millennium Development Goals
(MDGs) as its goal entails to mobilise additional financial resources for
developing countries from multiple sources.

Recently, a free Massive Online Open Course has been started by the World Bank
group with the sole attention on how to finance this development prescription.
Apparently it appears that advocates for such top-down development programmes
have ignored the simple dictum of project planning.

However, before the logistics of this programme can be resolved, the question
arises on how effective is foreign aid.

Politics of foreign aid

Foreign aid was meant to be development-motivated. However, it seems that
foreign aid flows to Pakistan have been and are a politically motivated process.

American aid to Pakistan has led to two major boom periods and both of them
coincided with two geo-political events.

The first boom of foreign aid to Pakistan resulted in a 640% growth in American
foreign assistance during the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan which began in
1979. Ironically, the aid flows plunged from $542 million in 1990 to $101
million in 1991.

The most recent bulge in American generosity was right after the 9/11 terrorist
attacks when a better share of aid flows were militaristic in nature. As
American government decided to withdraw its troops from Afghanistan in 2011, the
aid funds also followed suit as they plummeted from almost $2 billion in 2011 to
$741 million in 2013.

But where was the development motivation during the 1990s when US aid flows
averaged just a flimsy $39 million as American government became wary of
Pakistan's nuclear designs? By the same vein, as American influence in the
region recedes and China's increases, this trend is once again observed in aid
flows to Pakistan from China during the last four years.

Aid curse or blessing?

Critics of foreign aid point to its negative ramifications on institutional
quality of the recipient country as it generates perverse incentive by
encouraging state-led pilferage. Hence, they contend that aid has become a
resource curse.

Pakistan's score in the Corruption Perception Index (CPI) averaged 2.3 during
the first half of 2000s which saw average Official Development Assistance (ODA)
clocking in at 1.95% of GDP.

The second half of 2000s and early 2010s witnessed improvement in CPI score as
it averaged 2.4 (2006-2010) and 2.7 (2010-2014). ODA averaged 1.43 (2006-2010)
and 1.05% of GDP (2010-2014).

It is a no-brainer that aid funds are regularly pinched upon in Pakistan. This
has led experts to conclude that Pakistan has become a country where stealing
foreign aid has become a principal way in which the elite make money.

Vicious aid cycle

Proponents of foreign aid refer to its capacity-building benefits. These
benefits have eluded Pakistan due to multiple factors. One of these is that the
share of project aid to Pakistan averaged only 39% from 2006-07 to 2014-15 which
plays a vital role in capacity building.

Similarly, funds meant as balance of payments cushion averaged 41.2% during the
same reference period. A more striking fact is that grant-type component of
foreign aid averaged 16% from 2006-07 to 2014-15, well shy of its required level
of 25%.

A country where almost two-thirds of the population live in poverty and a public
debt of 65% of GDP, additional aid has made Pakistan a permanent customer of the
World Bank and the International Monetary Fund.

More than its financial impact, aid brings influence and deprives Pakistan of
crises, which are opportunities of learning and course correction.

Aid also captures brightest minds that Pakistan produces, especially in the
fields of economics and governance, and by this brain gain, aid essentially undo
all developmental ethos.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             754 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 6, 2015 Friday

Director Financial Aid

LENGTH: 1220  words


Washington, D.C.: American Bankers Association has issued the following job
release:

Director Financial Aid
Job ID:  22441046
Position Title:  Director Financial Aid
Company Name:  Great Bay Community
Industry:  Financial Aid Administration
Job Function:  Executive / Management
Entry Level:  No
Location(s):  Portsmouth, New Hampshire, 03801, United States

Posted:  March 5, 2015
Job Type:  Full-Time
Job Duration:  Indefinite
Min Education:  BA/BS/Undergraduate
Min Experience:  5-7 Years
Required Travel:  0-10%
Salary:  $60,000.00 - $70,000.00 (Yearly Salary)
Company:  Great Bay Community
view full company profile
APPLY FOR THIS JOB
Contact Person:  Debbie Wood
Email Address:  gbccjobs@ccsnh.edu
Save Job  Email Job  Print Job
Job Description

INCUMBENT:

All resumes must be accompanied by an application for consideration
http://greatbay.edu/about/working-at-gbcc/job-openings

SCOPE OF WORK:  Plans and implements financial aid program policies and
strategies within a postsecondary educational institution.  This position
reports to the Vice President of Student Affairs at Great Bay Community College.

ACCOUNTABILITIES:

Participates in      the formation of broad institutional policies on financial
aid which      involves thorough analysis of all available data; and
collaboration with Great      Bay Community College President, Vice President of
Student Services, CCSNH      Compliance Office and CCSNH Financial Aid User
Group; maintains current      knowledge of federal and other student financial
aid programs, guidelines      and regulations; makes decisions that serve as
guides and general      directives for the institution's Financial Aid Office.
    Collaboratively      awards federal, state and institutional funds in
accordance with current      statutes and regulations governing financial aid.
    Counsels students      and families of diverse backgrounds on financial aid
procedures, college      costs, academic standards required for receipt of
financial aid, and debt      management issues; evaluates student financial aid
applications; analyzes      complex financial documents and applies approved
needs analysis systems to      calculate an estimated  family contribution
figure for each financial aid applicant; determines the amount and type of
assistance the applicant is eligible to receive; advises families on
planning for the financing of higher education and the process of applying
for financial aid; performs all aspects of award packing.
    Supervises the use      of automated computerized financial aid management
systems for awarding,      packaging and tracking financial aid monies and
applicants; analyzes      financial aid enrollment, disbursement and collection
data and prepares      financial reports for the College's leadership; and
utilizes computer      systems/software including:  EDConnect, SCT Banner,
Microsoft Office      and electronic interfacing with outside agencies.
    Assists with the      development and implementation of operating procedures
and work methods      for the Financial Aid Office; provides technical and
operational training      to staff as it pertains to financial aid; designs and
edits financial aid      forms and college brochures and other forms for
dissemination to      counselors, potential students and their families.
    Communicates with      high school guidance counselors, agencies of state
and federal government,      and lending institutions; coordinates with the
Business Office to ensure      that financial aid is credited in a timely
manner, and an effective      collection system is maintained; with the
Admissions office with regard to      recruitment and retention efforts; serves
on committees with college      administrators, faculty, and staff to ensure an
understanding of, and      support for, the financial aid program.
    Communicates with      the CCSNH Compliance Office, and meets regularly with
the CCSNH Financial      Aid Users Group to further facilitate compliance with
federal and state      rules and regulations.
    Presents financial      aid outreach programs to continuing and prospective
students and conducts      workshops and college nights and represents the
institution at college      fairs to explain and promote the financial aid
programs.
    Performs administrative      duties associated with maintaining a safe work
environment, training      employees, communicating job expectations; monitoring
and appraising job      performance; and managing employee time and attendance
in accordance with      CCSNH and College policies, procedures, and the
provisions of the collective      bargaining agreement.
    Complies with all      system, college, state and federal rules and
regulations.
    Performs other      duties as assigned

Preferred Qualifications:  Experience in Management within Higher Education;
extensive technical skills, especially experience in SCT Banner.

RECOMMENDED WORK TRAITS:  Knowledge of federal, state, and institutional
financial aid programs, processes, and regulations.  Knowledge of computer
technology and federal electronic processing programs.  Knowledge of the
financial aid process and its impact on the enrollment process.  Knowledge of
private, state and general sources of student financial aid.  Knowledge of
financial records maintenance techniques.  Knowledge of the principles and
practices of supervision.  Ability to analyze and interpret financial records
and financial aid applications, state and federal regulations, institutional
summaries, and reports.  Ability to prepare a variety of applications, forms,
and reports for local, state and federal agencies.  Ability to utilize
integrated student databases and other computer technology.  Ability to
supervise others and to develop work methods and operational policies.  Ability
to solve problems and to formulate operational plans and institutional
strategies that integrate legal requirements and institutional goals.  Ability
to communicate successfully in both oral and written form, speak before public
groups, and counsel students and their parents.  Ability to establish and
maintain effective working relationships with students, faculty, state and
federal personnel, and the public, and to understand and demonstrate sensitivity
concerning socio-economic, academic, cultural and ethnic diversity within higher
education.  Must be willing to maintain appearance appropriate to assigned
duties and responsibilities as determined by the college appointing authority.
Job Requirements

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

Education:  Possession of a Bachelor's degree from a recognized college or
university with a major study in education, business administration, accounting,
or social sciences.  Each additional year of approved formal education may be
substituted for one year of required work experience.

Experience:  Five (5) years' experience in the processing of student financial
aid at a college, university, or educational institution, three years of which
shall have been at a supervisory level with responsibility for the
administration of financial aid programs.

License/Certification:  Valid driver's license or access to statewide
transportation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             755 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 28, 2015 Saturday

Director of Financial Aid

LENGTH: 599  words

DATELINE: Lansing


National Association of Sales Professionals has issued the following job
announcement:


Director of Financial Aid
Job ID:  22310211
Position Title:  Director of Financial Aid
Company Name:  Santa Fe University Art and Design
Industry:  Financial Aid Administration
Job Function:  Executive / Management
Entry Level:  No
Location(s):  Santa Fe, New Mexico, 87505, United States

Posted:  February 27, 2015
Job Type:  Full-Time
Job Duration:  Indefinite
Min Education:  BA/BS/Undergraduate
Min Experience:  5-7 Years
Required Travel:  0-10%
Company:  Santa Fe University Art and Design
view full company profile
APPLY FOR THIS JOB
Contact Person:  Todd Spilman  Phone:  505-473-6295
Email Address:  Todd.Spilman@Laureate.net
Apply URL:  http://www.laureate.net/careers
Save Job  Email Job  Print Job  Apply For Job
Job Description

This position is under the general supervision of the Director of Campus
Operations and the Laureate Executive Director of Financial Aid, with
responsibility for the Office of Financial Aid, Veterans Certifications, and
Title IX compliance officer.
Job Requirements

Manages and supervise a professional staff and work-study students;
    Develops and monitors the personnel needs, time and attendance, and
training;
    Oversees all administrative functions of the Financial Aid office by
supervising, providing ongoing professional development opportunities and
evaluating all staff;
    Manages and supervises all financial aid processes for awarding Federal
Title IV aid, institutional and outside scholarships and packaging same;
    Develops student cost of attendance as prescribed by federal regulations;
    Monitors federal work-study expenditures;
    Monitors satisfactory academic progress for students;
    Reconcile federal Title IV programs and institutional scholarships;
    Interprets and applies federal laws and regulations; university policies;
and state regulations relating to delivery of student financial aid;
    Calculates the Return of Title IV funds;
    Ensures that the University has exception-free financial aid audits and
program reviews by keeping abreast of and implementing all federal and state
laws and regulations that pertain to the programs administered by the Financial
Aid Office.
    Maintains University's financial aid data to assure timely and accurate
submission of required federal, state and local reports;
    Develops and directs financial aid strategies within the framework of
institutional, federal and state regulations that are consistent with enrollment
management, objectives of the university by administering financial aid that
supports student recruitment and retention;
    Utilizes the financial aid system to the extent possible - e.g. generating
reports
    Ensure that the financial aid system is used effectively and that processes
and product enhancements are developed;
    Contributes to student satisfaction through delivery of quality customer
service in all aspects of the administration of financial aid;
    Ensures that students are informed about their eligibility for financial aid
by developing and directing a system for collecting and evaluating applications,
for the timely and effective awarding of all types of financial aid.
    Maintains confidentiality of information exposed to in the course of
business regarding students, supervisors and or other employees;
    Demonstrated ability to work collaboratively with other departments for the
good of the institution;
    Other Duties as assigned

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             756 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            November 2, 2014 Sunday

College Bound: Preparing for college costs

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 600 words


Do you want to go to college, but don't think you can afford it? Does the vast
array of options for paying for college seem like a confusing puzzle?You can
afford to go to college, and by researching your options, you can build
success.TYPES OF FINANCIAL AIDThere are four major types of financial aid
:Scholarships and grants can be need-based or merit-based.Merit awards can be
conditional on financial need or not.Loans for students and parents can be
need-based or non-need-based. Most financial aid packages involve some
loans.Student employment programs provide work opportunities.

Work-study jobs may be on campus or in nearby communities. You are paid an
hourly wage set by the school. For more information, consult a financial aid
counselor at the college you plan to attend.FINANCIAL AID FAQSQ. How do I apply
for financial aid?bold A. You should complete the Free Application for Federal
Student Aid as soon as possible after Jan. 1 of your senior year in high school.
By completing this application you have applied for funds awarded by most
federal and state agencies.Applications are processed and results are sent to
the colleges you listed on the application.Your Student Aid Report will be
provided to you to confirm data about two to three weeks after submitting your
application. If you file your application electronically, processing can take
seven days.Your school will then provide you with an award letter outlining
types of aid for which you are eligible. Further instructions will be included
in the letter.If the financial aid office has determined that you will need a
loan, contact the financial aid administrator regarding the procedures for
applying for federal loans.Apply for other scholarships and grants for which you
may be eligible outside of the college or university. For more information, talk
with your high school counselor.Q. How do I compare financial aid packages from
different colleges?A. Ask yourself these questions when evaluating financial aid
offers:With the aid offered to me, can I afford to attend my first-choice
college or university? Remember, the goal of aid is to provide access and
choice, not to lure you to a college you don't really want to attend.Is there a
commitment from the financial aid office to continue the aid after the first
year of college? Under what terms and conditions?Is the loan or work required
reasonable? Can I afford the payments once I have graduated? How many hours of
weekly work does the award imply?Are other options available to me at my
first-choice college or university? Ask the aid office at that college or
university to suggest other options for financing your education.Q. How do I get
the most financial aid?A. Apply before your school's priority deadline for
financial aid, normally by the end of February.Research and apply for
scholarships from private foundations, clubs, employers and other
organizations.If your financial or family circumstances change, contact the
school's financial aid office for a new consideration of aid.Q.What do I need to
know about applying for financial aid?A. Here are a few helpful hints when
applying:Be sure to complete all required forms by the deadlines.Complete all
questions accurately; plan to meet early deadlines, if applicable.Don't wait
until you are admitted to file the Free Application for Federal Student Aid.Keep
a photocopy of all documents for your records.Use your full legal name - no
nicknames - on all applications. The name on your application must match the
name on your Social Security card.SOURCE: OKLAHOMA STATE REGENTSFOR HIGHER
EDUCATION

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             757 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Guardian.com.

                           February 13, 2014 Thursday

How much aid money is spent in donor countries? - get the data

BYLINE: Claire Provosttheguardian.com

LENGTH: 961 words

ABSTRACT

OECD rules can be elastic, allowing donors to count a range of spending as aid.
It's time to untangle the data, says Claire Provost

FULL TEXT

What is development aid? One would be forgiven for thinking it is money
transferred from rich countries to poor ones, to help them develop. It is a
message repeatedly reinforced by donor governments' top-line figures and
high-level statements and thrown about by commentators attacking - or defending
- aid budgets.

But nothing in finance or international co-operation is as simple or
straightforward as it seems at first glance. According to rules set by the
OECD's development assistance committee (Dac), rich countries can count spending
as official development assistance (ODA) if it has the "economic development and
welfare of developing countries" as its primary objective.

In practice, the rules have allowed donors to count a range of activities, even
if there is no transfer of resources to developing countries. Some spending on
refugees and students in donor countries can count as ODA, for example, along
with activities to build public support in donor countries for overseas
development. The costs of administering aid programmes can also count, as can
debt relief.

Critics argue that while such spending may be important, it is not the same as
transferring resources to developing countries, and including such costs in
overall aid figures overestimates the amount of money such countries have been
given to tackle poverty and other challenges.

In the case of debt relief, donors can count the full amount of a written-off
debt as an ODA grant, even if no new resources are freed up for them to tackle
poverty or fund critical public services. The full amount can also count even if
the cost to the donor of writing off the debt is significantly lower.

So how much aid reaches developing countries? A number of groups have over the
years tried to chip away at this critical, multibillion-pound question, but so
far the answer has remained elusive.

In a 2011 report, the NGO ActionAid judged that little more than half of all aid
to developing countries is "real aid" - that is spending that targets the
poorest, is only counted once, and is spent in the developing country,
supporting local capacity. To get its figures, ActionAid excluded aid that never
leaves the donor country because it is spent on refugee or student costs there,
along with a range of other spending that it decided did not live up to its
definition of real aid.

The OECD has developed a measure of what it calls country programmable aid (CPA)
in response to criticisms that overall aid figures overestimate how much money
developing countries control. CPA excludes debt relief, humanitarian aid,
in-donor costs, aid through NGOs, and spending that is not allocated to specific
countries.

We have followed a similar method to that used by Bristol-based research group
Development Initiatives in 2013, to try to unbundle aid and separate spending in
the donor country.

Detailed data published by the OECD in its creditor reporting system tags donor
projects based on different types of aid. We used this category to look at aid
reported as:

· administrative costs (type of aid code G01) · spending on students in the
donor country (E01 and E02) · spending on refugees in the donor country (H02) ·
spending development awareness in the donor country (H01), and · debt relief
(F01).

We compared spending in these categories to aid reported as given to donors' top
developing country recipients, to put in perspective the money spent at home. In
the case of the UK, while OECD statistics suggest only 8% of UK bilateral aid is
not transferred to developing countries, this sum is still larger than that
reported as given to India, Afghanistan, Ethiopia or any other recipient.

This method is only as good as donor records. At least among statisticians, OECD
countries are notorious for interpreting the rules - and reporting spending - on
in-donor costs (particularly administrative and refugee costs) in different
ways. It therefore produces estimates, and the amount of aid that stays in donor
countries is likely to be significantly larger still.

Jeroen Kwakkenbos, at the European Network for Debt and Development, points out
that aid is often spent buying goods and services, and much of these contracts
go to companies based in donor countries. "Much of what actually does go to poor
countries often comes right back through aid-funded procurement contracts. For
some rich countries up to 90% of contracts funded by aid go to their own
companies," he says.

It will remain impossible to fully answer the key question of how much aid money
reaches developing countries until data on these aid-funded contracts, and
subcontracts, is made publicly available.

Meanwhile some say focusing on the detail of aid spending risks missing the big
picture. Judith Randel, executive director of Bristol-based research group
Development Initiatives, said the key question today is how foreign investment,
private giving, other resources can help alongside aid to achieve social
progress. "Too much of the conversation now is on the old agenda of what does or
does not count as ODA and too little about getting more value from all resources
for ending poverty," she said.

The data we used to estimate how much money donors spend at home is below.

Download the data

· The full data: OECD aid not transferred to developing countries, 2012

More data

· More data journalism and data visualisations from the Guardian

Development and aid data

· More global development data

Can you do something with this data?

· Please post your visualisations and mash-ups on our Flickr group

· Contact us at development@theguardian.com

· Follow the Guardian Global development team on Twitter

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies
                              All Rights Reserved
                  Registered in England and Wales. No. 908396
   Registered office: PO Box 68164, Kings Place, 90 York Way, London N1P 2AP


                             758 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Independent (Kampala, Uganda)

                                October 04, 2012

Aid Puzzle

BYLINE: Ostine Arinaitwe

LENGTH: 1472 words


Lawmaker wants Rwanda to blow aid suspensions' grievances louder Constance
Rwaka, Head of the Parliamentary Budget Review Commission of the lower chamber
of the Rwandan Parliament has proposed that the country take its grievances to
the International Parliamentary Forum over the recent aid suspensions by some of
the donor countries.

"I think Rwanda has a case," Hon. Rwaka told other members of the parliament
recently.

"Donors committed themselves to dispense aid to Rwanda, so by suspending it
abruptly, when Rwanda is one of the few countries that have received praise over
the way it uses donor money shows that donors breached their obligations, which
is certain to cause disastrous results," Rwaka further observed.

"I therefore propose that we discuss this proposal and afterwards forward it to
the International Parliamentarians forum," Rwaka urged the lawmakers.

However it is still not yet clear when Parliamentarians will start studying ways
of lodging an appeal to the international forum which comprises of 156 member
countries.

Apart from Britain which has unfrozen part its aid to Rwanda, the Netherlands
(5million Euros), Germany (7million Euros), US (US$12million ), African
Development Bank (US$40 million) and Sweden (unspecified) have not indicated any
like hood of when the aid will be unfrozen.

Juvenal Nkusi, the chairman of the Parliamentary Public Accounts Committee (PAC)
says the problem is not the amount of money that was suspended but the process
that the donor countries used in suspending it.

"The proposal to take the issue of suspension of aid to the International
Parliamentary Forum is not based on the amount of money suspended but the
process with which it was carried out," says Nkusi.

"It is their right to give aid but when a donor country commits itself to giving
aid and when all of a sudden they decide to suspend it in such a sudden manner
that is where we have a problem with the donors," Nkusi further explained.

"I think the correct word to use is Agaciro[respect], because two countries (a
donor and recipient) agree with one committing to give aid and the other to use
that aid effectively, so if a [ donor] country decides abruptly to stop their
obligations, it has adverse effects on the programs that the aid is earmarked
for."

Another sticking point according to Nkusi is why the donor countries didn't
inform their respective parliaments that they were going to suspend aid to
Rwanda.

"When donors are going to give aid, they include it in their budgets which are
approved by their respective parliaments but when they take decisions to suspend
it, they don't table those decisions in their respective parliaments that
approved the aid disbursement. So that is what we want to petition the
International Parliamentary forum for," NKusi says.

Nkusi also says the matter should not be looked at as a Rwandan problem but as
something that can affect any country which depends on aid.

A Kigali based international relations analyst who has followed the process of
aid suspensions but preferred to remain anonymous believes that the Rwandan
lawmakers have a basis to challenge the suspension of aid to Rwanda.

"The first question to ask yourself is whether Rwanda violated the MOU
[memorandum of understanding] that it signed with the different countries that
suspended the aid, if it did not, then the basis that was used to suspend the
aid is wanting," says the analyst.

"Procedurally, the legislature, as a body that approves aid needs to be
consulted. I can only guess that some internal consultations took place, but we
should also remember that this was just aid suspension and not withdrawal which
definitely calls for critical consultations between executive and legislature."

However Nkusi disagrees with that assertion, saying there was no way such
consultations between the donors and their respective parliaments take place
without information becoming public.

"First of all, world over, Parliaments conduct business in a public forum, so if
there had been internal consultations between the donor countries and their
parliaments on the suspension of aid to Rwanda, we would have known. I am very
sure the parliaments were not consulted," asserts Nkusi.

The Paris Declaration, Accra Action Plan and Busan Agreement among other things
oblige donor countries and developing countries to honor aid commitments and
call for mutual respect between donors and recipient countries.

The analyst says that although the Paris, Accra and Busan Agreements don't
specifically talk about aid cuts or suspension, they talk of mutual partnership,
transparency and accountability of both development partners and recipient
countries and the use of country systems.

Ronald Nkusi, the Director of External Finance Unit in the Ministry of Finance
and Economic Planning says there is no negative impact in the first quarter
(July-September) and that government has re-adjusted its spending patterns for
the suspended aid.

But he says the situation will change if the aid has not yet been unfrozen in
the second quarter. He says the government will adjust and re-prioritize the
programs it wants to carry out. He however says there is optimism that donors
will recommit to honor the partnership principles.

Britain, one of the countries to suspend aid has already unfrozen it and Nkusi
says that Rwanda did not do anything different or fulfilled any conditions for
the European country to unfreeze part of its financial assistance to the Rwandan
people.

"It was the UK's reading of the situation. There were no conditions that Rwanda
had not fulfilled that triggered aid delaying, it was simply unilateral
decisions taken by donors and the unfreezing of aid again is dependent on their
own appreciation of the circumstances that in the first place made them delay or
suspend aid," Nkusi further says.

He notes that he is not aware of any negotiations going on between Rwanda and
the countries that suspended aid to unfreeze it.

"What we have is usual dialogue we conduct with our donors and trying to
understand why aid was delayed on simply a draft report that Rwanda has
repeatedly denied the contents."

However, in another surprise, the European Union (EU), one of the largest donors
to Rwanda, said in a communiqué issued on Sept. 26 that "some new decisions
concerning additional budget support have been put on hold."

The statement says: "In light of the current conflict in eastern Congo, the EU
takes seriously the allegations contained in the report of the Group of Experts
of the UNSC Sanctions Committee and needs more time to assess these
allegations."

"Therefore, some new decisions concerning additional budget support have been
delayed pending the clarification of Rwanda's role in the conflict and its
constructive engagement in search of solutions." Efforts to get more information
from EU delegation in Rwanda were futile as The Independent could not reach
Schaer on his mobile phone. The statement which was emailed by Daniel Schaer,
Head of the Political Section at the EU Delegation to Rwanda further said: "The
EU expects Rwanda to act constructively to build a peaceful and lasting solution
in the eastern DRC. By its declarations and actions, Rwanda should demonstrate
its commitment to removing the threat to the people of the region from M23 and
that it wants a peaceful solution in eastern DRC."

Meanwhile, the government of Rwanda has categorically denied its alleged role in
supporting M23 saying that the problem was caused by the Congolese government
and it should also look for solution itself.

A recent report released by Action Aid on "Aid effectiveness" showed donor
countries have not fully delivered aid commitments. According to the report, the
aggregate score on donor countries that fulfilled their aid obligations in
2009/10 for the 14 Development Partners that took part in the assessment
exercise was 59.3% and in the 2010/11 it slowed down to 57.9%.The U.S which is
one of the countries that deferred aid to Rwanda was the poorest performer
scoring 23.5% in 2009/10 and 13.3% in 2010/11.

Only Belgium, EU and the World Bank scored well in their official development
assistance in 2010/11. The EU/European Commission scored 91%, while the World
Bank and Belgium had a score of 85 and 83% respectively. Countries like Germany,
Switzerland, Netherlands, and Sweden scored less than 74%.

Rwanda receivesUS$1 billion worth of aid every year and has been awarded an A
rating by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) for
its progress towards achieving the Paris Agenda targets.

Although Rwanda has been praised for its effective use of aid, the Government
was also tasked to put into consideration some recommendations which include
among others: Taking a firm leadership of the development agenda and identify
the areas where foreign assistance is most needed.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             759 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Times of Central Asia

                           February 16, 2012 Thursday

After 4th High Level Forum in Busan - Effectiveness of Aid

LENGTH: 1130  words


'Where has the aid money gone?' - was the title of a Guardian DataBlog article
released on January 12th 2012 which analyzed the re-construction efforts, costs
and funding of conflict and earthquake shattered Haiti. The matter of concern is
worrisome indeed as - echoing the Guardian: 'figures released by the UN special
envoy for Haiti show that only 53% of the nearly $4.5bn pledged for
reconstruction projects in 2010 and 2011 has been delivered.'[1] Looking at the
current funding status of latest appeals by all humanitarian organizations, the
situation in Haiti seems even more devastating. According to the data collected
by the United Nations Office of

Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) Financial Tracking System (FTS)[2], only 2% of all
funds required in the near future are hitherto covered.[3] As of February 10,
2012, within OCHA's FTS, Haiti is ranked as the third most underfunded country
worldwide in terms of funding appeals and requirements by organization and
'real' commitments (not pledges) made. Liberia leads the way (0% of all new
appeals thus far funded) and is followed by Côte d'Ivoire (only 1% covered).

Strikingly, once aid money has finally reached a country or in fact the aid
organization in question; practitioners and experts within and outside the
development community are frequently complaining about how inefficiently and
inadequately this money is then eventually spent. In her book 'Dead Aid',
Dambisa Moyo famously highlighted that over the past fifty years more than US$ 2
trillion of foreign aid has been transferred from rich countries to poor -
Africa being the biggest recipient with no major improvements thus far. Reasons
why this financial aid hasn't lead to 'desired outcomes' and has failed to
fulfill any 'benchmarked' criteria, vary from corruption at all levels to lack
of capacities, political will or bad timing - to name but a few. For some
authors such as Linda Polman the aid industry per se is part of the problem. In
her controversial books 'The Crisis Caravan: What's wrong with Humanitarian Aid
?' and 'War Games: The Story of Aid and War in Modern Times', Polman criticized
how the vast industry of aid agencies and operations can in fact do more harm
than good. The case of Sudan serves as one of her prime examples where the
military regime benefits almost more from the aid in Darfur than the targeted
beneficiaries themselves.

Other experts shifted their focus to the question of how aid money could be
actually better allocated. For many, the concept of microcredits or direct cash
transfers has become more and more convincing in that it shows the potential to
reduce poverty in a straightforward and sustainable manner. Put simply and in
Joseph Hanlon word's (and also the title of his book): Just give money to the
poor.

Effectiveness of aid hence depends largely on the where, how, why, when and how
much. This tricky interplay of increasing funds in a financially unstable world
while simultaneously tackling all the implementation problems, shaped the Fourth
High Level Forum on Aid Effectiveness from 29 November - 1 December 2011 held in
Busan, Korea (also known as HLF-4). About 3000 delegates met to discuss the
progress on implementing the principles of the 2005 Paris Declaration on Aid
Effectiveness. The list of thematic sessions was long, particularly focusing on:

- Ownership and Accountability

- Country Systems

- Aid Fragmentation

- Aid Predictability

- Results

- Capacity Development

- Rights-based approaches

- Fragility and Conflict

- South-South and Triangular Cooperation

- Private Sector

Notably, for the first time Africa (representatives from the AU and NEPAD)
presented a consensus and position on its Development Effectiveness agenda -
certainly an important and crucial step forward.[4] Yet, only time will show
whether the Busan talks will have an impact in improving the quality and
delivery of aid beyond numerous briefing papers, key documents, summary reports
and speeches. In fact, none of these declarations or high-level reports are
de-jure or de-facto binding. Talking about change is one thing, really walking
down the road is another. Further, issues which weren't on the official agenda
at the HLF-4 include: how to effectively minimize corruption (at all levels,
thus also within aid organizations), how to avoid aid-dependency and ensure exit
strategies (to truly foster local and sustainable ownership of the process),
and, how to culturally sensitize approaches towards development (not aid).

In short, the devil lies in the detail and in the particular case of the HLF-4
the detail is in the word 'effectiveness'. The Oxford Dictionary defines the
term as 'the degree to which something is successful in producing a desired
result'. The crunch question is now - what is a desired result and for whom? In
2000/01, the World Bank published a fascinating book trilogy called 'Voices of
the Poor'. In its study, the Bank interviewed in total 60,000 poor women and men
in over 50 countries worldwide to gather their views on how to eradicate poverty
and improve their lives. What this study successfully accomplished was to
compile an extensive account on how poverty and aid is perceived and experienced
by the very people it affects. Unfortunately not many follow-up studies have
been undertaken since then.

Thus, despite ongoing studies, debates and efforts on how to improve and tackle
the major challenges of the aid industry - progress is slow. After all, there is

one aspect even the biggest chunk of aid money can't buy: consistent and
coherent political will combined with a more culturally and ethically sensitive
approach towards development at global, regional and local levels. In the
attempt to measure success and failure and consequently effectiveness, aid has
become a depersonalized set of indicators. In other words, when debating and
writing about aid effectiveness we all run the risks to sometimes forget for
whom the aid so urgently is needed for.

References:

Hanlon, Joseph, et.al. (2010): Just give money to the poor: the development
revolution from the global south, Kumarian Press, U.S.

Moyo, Dsambia (2009): Dead Aid, Why aid is not working and how there is a better
way for Africa, Farrar, Straus and Giroux, New York

NEPAD's (2.12.2011): 'Busan keeps promise on Africa's Development
Effectiveness',
http://www.nepad.org/crosscuttingissues/news/2592/busan-keeps-promise-africa's-d
evelopment-effectiveness, last visit 6 February 2012

OCHA - FTS: Tracking Global Humanitarian Aid Flows, see: http://fts.unocha.org/,
last visit 3 February 2012

Polman, Linda (2010): The Crisis Caravan: What's wrong with humanitarian Aid?,
Metropolitan Books, Henry Holt and Company, LLC, New York

Polman, Linda (2010): War Games: The Story of Aid and War in Modern Times,
Penguin Group, London

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Times of Central Asia
                              All Rights Reserved


                             760 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                            March 23, 2011 Wednesday

Lawyers call for shake-up of legal aid;
Help for claimants would ease social conflicts, supporting key goal of 12th
five-year plan

BYLINE: Ng Tze-wei

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 06

LENGTH: 844 words


With the nation's 12th five-year plan looking to  address growing social
conflicts, the mainland's legal community says doing so will require an overdue
revamp of the legal aid system.

Legal aid is relatively new to the mainland. While forms of governmental or
charitable assistance to the needy have always existed, it wasn't until 2003
that  a formal legal aid system was set up.

But the assistance remains basic: legal aid is a last resort. It is  available
to two  categories of people: those who are too poor to apply for social welfare
or to sue for maintenance payments in divorce cases, back-pay in labour disputes
or compensation from the state when government actions infringe on their rights;
and those who face criminal proceedings and can't afford a lawyer.

In  exceptional cases, in which a defendant is blind, deaf, mute or a minor, or
is facing a possible death sentence, the legal aid department must offer
assistance regardless of the defendant's financial situation.

Over the past decade, legal aid offices under the Ministry of Justice have been
set up in each province, all the way down to the village level. While these
offices do handle cases, they assign most to private-sector lawyers, who every
year must handle a designated number of legal aid cases at a small subsidy to
pass their annual licence reviews.

Local governments are the biggest sponsors of this system and are required to
set aside money for legal aid work. And last year, the central government  set
up a legal aid lottery fund, allocating 50 million yuan (HK$59.29 million) from
lottery income for the cause.

However, despite this rapid growth, the system still can't meet the demand from
the country's poor. According to official statistics, 400,000 legal aid cases
were handled last year, but the demand for legal aid was at least double that
figure.

During the National People's Congress session this month, several recognised
legal aid practitioners said it was time to introduce a legal aid law and
formally expand the system to address several problems.

They said the income threshold to apply for legal aid should be lowered.  The
figure varies from city to city, but in most places it is the same as the total
monthly family income and assets required to qualify for social welfare. For
example, in urban Beijing, a family would have to be making 731 yuan  or less
per capita.

Given that the minimum wage in Beijing is 1,160 yuan per month, anyone working
full-time will not meet the criteria.

Wang Lin,  director of the legal aid office in Huangshi, Hubei province , said
his office had been relaxing the threshold requirement for those on the fringe:
although the social welfare limit is 260 yuan a month, he has been granting
legal aid to those earning about 270 or 280 yuan. "The difference is negligible,
but justice to these people is equally important, especially when we are talking
about maintaining stability," he said, adding that many other centres had been
granting similar leeway, but change was needed nationwide.

Another area a legal aid law would need to address is an expansion of the scope
of cases covered by legal aid.

Many provinces have already taken the initiative to extend legal aid to cases
involving injury to an employee, family violence, car accidents, land disputes,
as well as helping migrant workers. That extension has been well received.

Wang said that, if possible, legal aid should also be extended to cases in which
people unfamiliar with the law miss deadlines for filing a claim or lose the
legal documents. Proper legal advice, he added, might help prevent disgruntled
citizens turning to petitioning.

Other improvements urged include securing funds for legal aid in the country's
poorer regions, possibly through direct grants from the central government, and
allowing legal aid offices to hire more professional legal graduates instead of
being staffed by civil servants or decommissioned soldiers.

The courts could also help the legal aid system, Shandong  lawyer Gao Mingqin
said, by waiving court fees for qualified litigants and providing free
photocopying to legal aid lawyers, for example.

Although the legal aid system in Hong Kong has its own problems, it could
perhaps offer ideas from its own experience, experts say. For example, the
self-subsidised nature of its legal aid scheme is one major reason the scheme
can support those in the city's "sandwich class", up to an approximate monthly
income of HK$19,000 without other assets. The more you earn, the bigger the
percentage of litigation fees you have to share in, the highest being 25 per
cent.

Another way to meet the demand for legal aid on the mainland would be to
encourage wealthy commercial law firms to do more pro bono work, such as setting
up free legal advice clinics, which are popular in the US and Europe. This
assumes, of course, that Chinese leaders can shed their suspicions about rights
advocacy work by NGOs and the private sector.

Little help

For a Beijing family to claim legal aid, it would have to earn less than this
much per person per month: 731 yuan

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             761 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            October 30, 2009 Friday
                             Politifact.com Edition

BONO CLAIMS U.S. GIVES ABOUT HALF THE AID AS EUROPEAN COUNTRIES, PERCENTAGE-WISE

BYLINE: ROBERT FARLEY

SECTION: POLITIFACT.COM

LENGTH: 1629 words


When it comes to aid, "the United States is still about half as what European
countries give as a percentage."

Bono on Friday, October 23rd, 2009 in an interview with the Associated Press

THE RULING: HALF TRUE

* * *

With all due respect to the musical prowess of Bill Clinton and Mike Huckabee,
we think this is the first time we've checked a bona fide rock icon with our
Truth-O-Meter.

But U2's Bono is no ordinary rock star. He's also a political activist, using
his pop status to advocate for African aid and AIDS relief.

Which is how Bono came to be asked by an Associated Press music writer what he
thought about President Barack Obama with regard to funding the fight against
AIDS in Africa.

"The Obama administration is just getting going," Bono said. "(He) has promised
to double aid over the next years, because even though (President George W.)
Bush tripled it ... the United States is still about half as what European
countries give as a percentage, and I think he knows that's not right."

We decided to check whether Bono was right that "the United States is still
about half as what European countries give as a percentage."

This turned into a tricky fact-check because Bono appears to have interchanged
two different funding issues in his comment: global HIV/AIDS relief and foreign
aid.

Bono says Obama has promised to "double aid over the next years." Obama has
pledged to increase AIDS funding, but not double. He has, though, promised to
double foreign aid by 2015. In the same sentence, though, Bono then says
President Bush "tripled it." The "it" there is the U.S. commitment to global
AIDS relief (not foreign aid). So when Bono said "the United States is still
about half as what European countries give as a percentage," is he talking about
AIDS relief or foreign aid in general?

The folks at ONE (the organization co-founded by Bono to fight against extreme
poverty and preventable disease, particularly in Africa) said Bono was talking
here about foreign aid in general -- he has used this statistic in the past.

And on that front, Bono is on pretty firm ground. The key qualifier there is "as
a percentage." Because the U.S. government distributes more in foreign aid than
any other country, by far. The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and
Development, an international group of the world's 30 leading industrial
countries, reports that in 2008, the United States distributed about $26 billion
in net official development assistance. The next closest country was Germany, at
nearly $14 billion, and the United Kingdom, with about $11.4 billion.

But considered as a percentage of Gross National Income (which is essentially
the more familiar Gross Domestic Product plus or minus income from other
countries), you'll have to go to the bottom of the list to find the United
States. We note that none of the countries gives more than 1 percent of GNI. The
U.S. gave 0.18 percent. By comparison, here's how some of the European biggies
fared: United Kingdom, 0.43 percent; Germany, 0.38 percent; France, 0.39
percent; Spain, 0.43 percent. In other words, it's fair to say the United States
is providing about half as much development assistance as European counties, as
a percentage of GNI.

There are a lot of other factors to consider when it comes to foreign
assistance, though: debt reduction, trade, money from private foundations, to
name a few. Suffice to say, you can look at this data in countless ways. And
some groups that have attempted to quantify foreign aid on some of these various
factors have found the United States to be on par with its European
counterparts. But we think it's certainly fair for Bono to cite this statistic
from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, and had he been
clear that he was talking about foreign aid, his statement would have been
largely accurate.

But that was not at all clear. In fact, based on the context of his comments,
most people would probably conclude that Bono was talking about global AIDS
relief, and that the United States only gives about half as much as Europeans
"as a percentage." And that is not right.

In fact, in 2008, the United States accounted for more than half (51.3 percent)
of all the global AIDs relief disbursed by governments around the world,
according to an analysis by the Kaiser Family Foundation and UNAIDS. Even when
standardized to account for the size of the countries' relative economies, the
United States ranked fourth highest, well higher than most European countries.
The only ones higher were the Netherlands, United Kingdom and Bono's homeland,
Ireland.

Again, some make strong arguments against the use of such rankings because, for
example, they don't take into account private donations from foundations. When
it comes to AIDS relief from foundations, the United States far outpaces Europe.
That's because the United States provides generous tax incentives for such
largess. So some argue the U.S. government ought to get credit for at least some
of that funding.

By any measure, though, Europe is not spending twice as much, "as a percentage,"
on AIDS relief than the United States. The Bush administration deserves a great
deal of credit for that. In 2003, Bush initiated a $15 billion plan to address
global AIDS relief, mostly for countries in Africa where the AIDS epidemic is
staggering. And then in 2008, Congress -- Democrats and Republicans alike --
more than tripled the HIV/AIDS relief budget to $48 billion over the next five
years. Obama, meanwhile, pledged to provide at least $50 billion by 2013 for the
global fight against HIV/AIDS.

"The Bush administration showed real leadership on global HIV/AIDS," said Eric
Lief, a senior associate with the Henry L. Stimson Center. "U.S. funding grew
exponentially during the last eight years. Since 2001, the U.S. has funded a
disproportionate share of global AIDS assistance. But global funding is still
far short of anything close to global need. The Obama administration has
committed to continuing the upward trend."

As for foreign aid, the United States remains the worldÍs largest funder in
terms of dollars spent, said Lief, who served on the State Department's policy
planning staff under President Bill Clinton and was once a senior adviser with
the U.N. Joint Program on HIV/AIDS in Geneva.

"In other ways and by other measures, the U.S. falls short in terms of support
for the developing world," he said. "Single-index 'rankings' of governments are
overused politically. What weÍre buying with foreign aid dollars is a much more
important question than how much weÍre spending, and the U.S. record is mixed."

Now might be a good time to note that Bono appears to be doing wonderful work as
a spokesman trying to draw attention to dire poverty and health issues in
Africa. And one member of the PolitiFact team gives Bono's performance on the
current U2 tour a big thumbs up.

But our review of Bono's performance with this comment is more mixed. Again, if
Bono had clearly switched gears and said he was talking about foreign aid when
he said the United States only gives about half as much as Europe, as a
percentage, he'd be right -- at least according to one measure from the
respected OECD. But in the context of the interview, Bono appeared to be talking
about AIDS relief -- in which case he'd be wrong. We checked with the AP
reporter who did the interview, and it was her understanding that he was talking
about global AIDS relief. At the least, by toggling back and forth between
statistics on foreign aid and global HIV/AIDS relief, Bono left room for
confusion. And so we rate him Half True.

* * *

About this statement:

Published: Friday, October 30th, 2009 at 5:33 p.m.

Subjects: Foreign Policy, Pop culture

Sources:

Associated Press, "U2 and Bono adapt to changing times," by Nekesa Mumbi Moody,
Oct. 23, 2009

Associated Press, "AIDS battle burnishes Bush's legacy in Africa," Jan. 11, 2009

Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development Web site, Statistical
Annex of the 2009 Development Co-operation Report

Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development Web site, Table: Net
Official Development Assistance in 2008

White House Office of Management and Budget, President's Budget Fact Sheet: U.S.
Department of State and Other International Programs

PolitiFact.com, Promise No. 83: Provide $50 billion by 2013 for the global fight
against HIV/AIDS

PolitiFact.com, Promise No. 170: Double U.S. spending on foreign aid to $50
Billion a year by 2012

Funders Concerned About AIDS, Report: U.S. Philanthropic Support to Address HIV/
AIDS in 2007

The Henry L. Stimson Center Web site, European Philanthropy and HIV/AIDS; A
report by the European HIV/AIDS Funders Group, produced in collaboration with
the Henry L. Stimson Center, written by Astrid Bonfield, the Chief Executive of
the Diana, Princess of Wales Memorial Fund, and Eric Lief, a Senior Advisor at
the Henry L. Stimson Center, May 2008

Center for Global Development Web site, Commitment to Development Index: Aid
2009 Worksheet

Center for Global Development Web site, Commitment to Development Index

ONE.org, Hot Topic: 2009 Data Report

Kaiser Family Foundation, Report: Financing the response to AIDS in low- and
middle income countries: International assistance from the G8, European
Commission and other donor Governments in 2008, July 2009

Global Issues Web site, "US and Foreign Aid Assistance," by Anup Shah, April 13,
2009

Interview with Jennifer Kates of the Kaiser Family Foundation, Oct. 29, 2009

Interview with Nekesa Mumbi Moody, AP Music Writer, Oct. 29, 2009

Interview with Eric Lief, senior associate at The Henry L. Stimson Center, Oct.
29, 2009

Interview with Kathy McKiernan, Global Communications Director for ONE, Oct. 28,
2009

Written by: Robert Farley

Researched by: Robert Farley

Edited by: Greg Joyce

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             762 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 1, 2005 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

More Effective Leadership Is Needed to Combat HIV/AIDS

SECTION: D.C. Extra; T04

LENGTH: 796 words


In the wake of a critical report on the District's response to HIV/AIDS, the
director of the city's HIV/AIDS Administration was fired and Mayor Anthony A.
Williams last week appointed a new one. The report, "HIV/AIDS in the Nation's
Capital: Improving the District of Columbia's Response to a Public Health
Crisis," was issued by the DC Appleseed Center. A small portion of the 130-page
report is excerpted below. The full report can be found on the DC Appleseed Web
site, www.dcappleseed.org.

The District of Columbia's response to the Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV)
and Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS) epidemic lags far behind that of
many other cities across the nation . . . .

Even though many individuals, government officials, and nonprofit organizations
have devoted considerable time and resources to addressing HIV/AIDS in the
District, the disease continues to devastate District residents.

The District's annual rate of new AIDS cases is over 10 times the national
average and is believed now to be the highest of any major U.S. city. Through
the end of 2003, approximately 16,500 District residents had been diagnosed with
AIDS, resulting in over 7,000 deaths. Today, over 9,000 District residents are
living with AIDS . . . .

Unfortunately, even these numbers fail to capture the extent of the epidemic
because they do not include HIV-positive people in the District who have not
developed AIDS.

Given that the District's incidence of AIDS is among the highest in the country,
the District likely has one of the highest rates of new HIV infections. While
the precise number of District residents infected with HIV is unknown, District
public health officials estimate that 1 out of every 20 District residents is
infected. Even more alarming is the fact that thousands of these individuals do
not know that they are infected or that they may infect others . . . .

Unfortunately, as this report explains, there are no simple answers . . . .

But several things are clear:

*  the District is not systematically collecting and analyzing data about the
epidemic in a way that would allow it to plan prevention and care effectively;

*  the District is not sufficiently coordinating and supervising the government
agencies and private organizations that provide services for individuals living
with HIV/AIDS;

*  the District's general prevention efforts need improvement; and the
District's HIV/AIDS services are insufficient for certain populations, including
youth in the public schools, drug users, and the incarcerated . . . .

The main recommendations . . . are as follows:

The District's HIV/AIDS Administration (HAA) should collect and publicly release
comprehensive HIV and AIDS data . . .

The District should improve coordination and supervision of funding for HIV/AIDS
services . . .

HAA should improve the management of its grants to private HIV/AIDS service
providers . . .

HIV testing and counseling should be offered as a routine part of all medical
care . . .

HAA should significantly expand condom distribution efforts . . .

HAA should coordinate with agencies serving HIV-positive individuals who also
have other serious illnesses . . .

D.C. Public Schools should develop and apply standards for HIV prevention
education . . .

The District should expand substance abuse treatment opportunities and improve
existing syringe exchange programs . . .

The Department of Corrections (DOC) should expand substance abuse treatment
programs for the incarcerated . . .

DOC should ensure that HIV-positive inmates receive a 30-day supply of HIV
medication when released from custody . . .

As Mayor Williams recently noted, the District has devoted significant resources
to fighting HIV/AIDS  --  far more, in fact, than the District has devoted to
many other public health issues. Yet the District's annual AIDS incidence
continues to rise and is one of the highest in the nation . . . .

[T]he authors of this report have asked key stakeholders in the District's
system of HIV/AIDS care and prevention how the HIV/AIDS epidemic has reached
such massive proportions in the nation's capital. The answer to this question
was often the same: lack of effective, consistent leadership. This lack of
leadership is evident in the following:

*  the true extent of the HIV/AIDS epidemic in the District is unknown;

*  HIV/AIDS services in the District are not coordinated to the degree necessary
to be effective;

*  funding for HIV/AIDS prevention and care in the District is not being
distributed in a timely manner or being used as effectively and efficiently as
possible; and

*  the District does not effectively target services where they could make a
significant difference  --  among students, drug users, and prisoners.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                             763 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                    December 1, 2004 Wednesday Home Edition

AIDS toll on Georgia blacks severe

BYLINE: PATRICIA GUTHRIE

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Metro News; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 566 words


AIDS continues to infect and kill black Georgians at an alarming rate, a new
state report shows. And it's cutting them down in the prime of their lives.

The virus is the leading cause of death of African-American men ages 35-44 and
of black women ages 25-34. In comparison, white men and white women in those
same age groups die most often from unintentional injuries, according to the
state health disparity report on HIV/AIDS.

Today, World AIDS Day, prompted state health officials and academic researchers
to call for more aggressive intervention and education about the disease among
minority populations. Georgia's Office of Minority Health, Morehouse School of
Medicine and the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation all released AIDS-related
reports Tuesday keying in on racial and ethnic differences.

Although blacks comprise 29 percent of Georgia's population, they represent 64
percent of the state's cumulative AIDS cases. Whites represent 34 percent of
AIDS cases and Hispanics 2 percent.

More than twice as many blacks than whites have contracted the disease since
1981. As of June, African-Americans had 18,446 cases; whites recorded 9,266
cases and Hispanics, 701 cases, Georgia AIDS Coalition figures show.

While new drugs are helping people with AIDS live longer and healthier, blacks
are more likely to get tested in the late stages of the disease when treatment
is less effective, health educators say. Learning to avoid being exposed to the
virus and getting tested for it routinely remain the best defenses against AIDS,
they say. About 25 percent of Georgians infected with HIV, the virus that leads
to AIDS, don't know they have the disease.

"It's very frightening," said James Couch of the Georgia Department of Community
Health, "the number of people who are HIV-positive but don't know it."

Men who have sex with men account for nearly half of all AIDS cases in the
state.

But heterosexual women are becoming more and more vulnerable, particularly black
women, experts said. AIDS cases among women in Georgia have doubled in one
decade --- to representing about 26 percent of all cases.

Since the epidemic began in 1982, about 14,000 of 29,896 people with AIDS in
Georgia have died.

Dr. David Satcher, director of the National Center for Primary Care at the
Morehouse School of Medicine, called for more aggressive education on sexually
transmitted diseases in schools from grade school to graduate school. Poverty
also plays a role in who dies and who lives when it comes to AIDS, he said.
About two-thirds of Georgians with AIDS live in metro Atlanta and thousands of
them are estimated to be homeless. Only about half of Georgia's HIV patients
have access to the best AIDS medicine and doctors, said Satcher.

Denise Stokes, 35, of Stockbridge, who's lived with the AIDS virus for 22 years,
said she can no longer politely call for more funding, resources and programs.

"We have failed miserably at being human beings," Stokes said.

Stokes said the rising rate of AIDS among blacks can't be blamed exclusively on
a lifestyle dubbed 'down low' --- where men with wives or girlfriends have sex
with men on the sly.

Instead, she listed old culprits: ignorance, prejudice, fear, denial. "We draw
lines and take sides and stand by and watch people die, saying, 'That doesn't
concern me.' We have not honored that bond that makes us human."

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic: AIDS IN GEORGIA BY THE NUMBERS

* 1: AIDS is the leading cause of death for black men ages 35-44. Since 1981,
more than twice as many blacks as whites have contracted the disease.

* 1 in 2: Rate of women with AIDS living in rural Georgia.

* 1 in 4: Rate of people infected with the AIDS virus who don't know it.

* 23: Black women in Georgia are 23 times more likely to get AIDS than white
women.

* 29: Percentage of blacks making up Georgia's population.

* 64: Percentage of blacks making up Georgia's AIDS cases.
Sources: Georgia Office of Minority Health; Morehouse School of Medicine; Henry
J. Kaiser Family Foundation; Graphic: NEED FREE HIV TESTING?

* Go to www.aidatlanta.org

* Or call 1-800-551-2728

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             764 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                                January 18, 2004

Lesson in Aids stats

BYLINE: SAM MHLONGO

SECTION: Opinion & Editorial; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 148 words


Lesson in Aids stats

THE article "HIV/Aids figures 'overestimated'" (January 11) comes as no surprise
to me and those maliciously referred to as dissidents.

The so-called dissidents in President Thabo Mbeki's Aids Advisory Panel have
repeatedly pointed this out. See the Presidential Aids Panel Report 2000.

The main problem with Aids in Africa is that it has become a meal ticket for all
sorts of people. Hence, the greater the numbers of Aids cases, the greater the
chance for getting that meal ticket or research funding.


There are important lessons to be learned from the Kenyan study. One major
positive implication is that a significant portion of the billions spent on Aids
could be diverted to poverty relief, job creation, the provision of sanitation
and clean drinking water, and financial help for drought-stricken farmers. -
PROFESSOR , Pretoria



LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                       Copyright 2004 Times Media Limited


                             765 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      May 21, 2003 Wednesday Home Edition

Filmmaker puts faces on global AIDS fight

BYLINE: SHELIA M. POOLE

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Atlanta & the World; Pg. 6F

LENGTH: 880 words


On the same day the Senate approved spending $15 billion over five years largely
to help halt the global spread of AIDS, activists gathered at the Carter Center
to watch a screening of a documentary highly touted for humanizing the crisis.

The coincidence didn't go unnoticed.

AIDS "has redefined my idea of suffering in the world," said Rory Kennedy, maker
of "Pandemic: Facing AIDS." "But we're at a point in history where we can make
an enormous difference."

Kennedy heralded the bill, expected to be signed by President Bush this week,
for providing hope to the more than 42 million people infected by the AIDS virus
and for stopping its spread.

Her film chronicles the path of AIDS as told through the lives of Lek, a former
prostitute in Thailand who reunites with her family shortly before dying, and
James, who at 7 must care for his 5-year-old sister in Uganda after his father
dies of AIDS and his mother abandons them. Other segments focus on a gay man in
Brazil, a drug user in Russia and a truck driver in India.

The five-part series airs on HBO, beginning June 15.

Until now, said Kennedy, the youngest child of the late Sen. Robert F. Kennedy,
"the United States has not done a very good job" of fighting AIDS globally. "I
think these are promising steps, but I think we need to keep the pressure on and
to make sure the resources are used in impartial ways that aren't based on
politics [but] are really based on need and effect."

Sandra Thurman, president of the International AIDS Trust and AIDS czar under
President Bill Clinton, agreed.

"I think the challenge is that we make sure programs that need the money and who
are doing the best work get the money," she said. "And that includes clinics
that are in fact counseling women regarding reproductive health and sometimes
abortion services."

Thurman stressed that didn't mean money should be used for abortions but should
reach clinics that have the greatest impact.

U.S. funds not certain yet

The bill authorizes $3 billion a year over five years, but the money must first
be approved by Congress. Conservatives are pushing for a big percentage to be
used to promote abstinence.

Currently, the U.S. government provides about $1.2 billion a year on global AIDS
efforts. But while money is fundamental in the fight against the epidemic, it's
also critical to continue to raise awareness about treatment and prevention.

Kennedy's documentary film is one way to do so.

Selecting those profiled was not an easy task. Kennedy had to deal with
resistance on the part of some individuals because of the stigma of AIDS.

That was the case particularly in India, Thailand and Russia and, to a lesser
extent, in Brazil and Uganda, which has an aggressive treatment and education
program that has resulted in a significant drop in new infections.

Of the people she did profile, "they all felt that they were making a
contribution in the fight against AIDS," she said. All have seen the film with
the exception of Lek, the Thai woman, who died before the film was completed.

Lek was initially hesitant about unveiling her life to the world.

"You're asking them to open up [and discuss] very intimate moments," Kennedy
said. "Especially in a film about AIDS, you're talking about the most intimate
moments in their lives. People talking about dying, people talking about their
sex lives. On some level, they have to feel committed to the project and that it
is something that is important to them."

She said Lek later told her it had been a "relief" to share her story with
someone who cared enough to listen.

Gates Foundation helped

Kennedy's interest in the AIDS battle began years ago when she was invited to
join a White House delegation that traveled to Africa to examine the crisis in
Uganda, South Africa and Zambia.

The experience of seeing firsthand the devastation caused by the disease had a
very powerful impact on her. She learned that AIDS was rapidly spreading beyond
the continent and into Eastern Europe, Asia and South America. She realized that
if the epidemic was to be stopped, this was the time to act.

Kennedy made a short documentary about AIDS in Africa from that trip. A few
years ago, she was approached by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation about
doing a film on AIDS and sex workers. She persuaded the foundation to expand the
project to examine the global AIDS pandemic as it affects all segments of
society.

HBO soon signed on. Initially, the plan called for a two-hour feature, but it
was later retooled to expand it to a five-part series.

Along with the film, the project also includes a music CD, a Web site,
educational materials and a book of photographs about AIDS in the world.

Kennedy is counting on the project to attract even more campaigners in the fight
against the global epidemic of AIDS. "What we're talking about is saving lives."

She said the recent outbreak of SARS "teaches us that AIDS, along with SARS and
a lot of other potential diseases, are global in nature and that our world is
getting smaller and smaller."

"We, in this country, need to be invested in what happens in Africa, Asia, Latin
America and Eastern Europe in regard to AIDS."

* ON THE WEB: pandemicfacingaids.org.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Rory Kennedy, youngest child of Sen. Robert F. Kennedy,
previewed her new film, "Pandemic: Facing AIDS," at the Carter Center last week.
The documentary, focusing on patients around the world, will air on HBO. / LOUIE
FAVORITE / Staff; Graphic: AIDS IN THE WORLD
Number of people living with HIV/AIDS:... 42 million
Number of children living with HIV/AIDS:..3.2 million
People newly infected with HIV in 2002:... 5 million
AIDS deaths in 2002:......................3.1 million
AIDS deaths since 1981:............... 20-25 million
Note: All figures are for 2002.
Countries with highest incidences of HIV/AIDS:
1...South Africa..... 5 million
2...Nigeria..........3.5 million
3...Kenya............2.5 million
4...Zimbabwe....... 2.3 million
5...Ethiopia....... 2.1 million
Note: All figures are for 2001.
Sources: UNAIDS, World Health Organization

                Copyright 2003 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             766 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                                August 29, 2001

Accountability In Overseas Aid

SECTION: CITY EDITION; EDITORIAL PAGE; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 678 words


Sir, - The story is told that when Margaret Thatcher became British prime
minister, she asked how much Britain was giving in overseas aid and when told,
said: "Halve that immediately." She then asked how much Britain was making from
overseas aid and said: "Double that immediately."

The story is probably not apocryphal: British aid to the Third World was cut
severely during Mrs Thatcher's reign and it was during that same reign that the
scandal of the dam for tanks was exposed: British aid was given for the building
of a dam in a former colony in Asia in exchange for the buying of British tanks.
That overseas aid never really went overseas. As Mrs Thatcher would probably
say, "Business as usual."

We in Aid Watch International note the denials from Mr John O'Donoghue and Ms
Liz O'Donnell (The Irish Times, August 14th) that Irish government aid is being
used to pay the Nigerian government to allow failed Nigerian asylum-seekers to
be returned.

It is unfortunate that both Ministers should find themselves in a situation
where they have to protest their innocence so much. We must ensure that the good
nature of Irish people as reflected in our long history of overseas development
work is not tarnished by allegations of misdirected aid.

We must also ensure that Ireland Aid, with its promised (pounds) 800 million a
year, is not open to being used as a slush fund for non-aid related causes, and
that responsible Ministers are not put into positions of conflict regarding
overseas spending.

Aid Watch International recently made a submission to the Review Group on
Ireland Aid which should help to remove the Ministers from any such conflicts.
We recommended that Ireland Aid be established as an executive agency separate
from the Department of Foreign Affairs with its own board and management. We
also recommended that an Irish Aid Council be established to further develop and
articulate Irish aid policies laid down by the Government.

This council, served by a small secretariat, would also be responsible for
evaluating the implementation of the aid policies by the executive agency and
would have an adversarial and inspectorial relationship with the executive
agency. All such policies and evaluations would be made public and open to
examination.

We also recommended that an aid ombudsperson be appointed to deal with issues of
unfairness which might arise in the Irish aid business.

We want these radical structures established to protect the poverty-focused
policies and practices of Irish aid to the developing world. We want the very
best available people on the council, giving of their experience, learning and
integrity. We also want the best available people on the board and management of
the executive agency.

Despite the perennial criticisms of the management of Irish aid by the
development assistance committee of the OECD, the best available people cannot
be recruited to manage Irish governmental aid because they are not (Diplomatic
Corps) civil servants. This is fundamentally wrong.

We have confidence in the Review Group of Ireland Aid. It is being chaired by Ms
O'Donnell and we believe that each and every member is an estimable person.
While we are aware that the overall composition of the group could have been
more balanced in terms of gender, overseas experience, background and
affiliation, we believe that there is sufficient capacity in the group to
recommend the establishment of transparent structures, thereby helping to
protect a fine Minister and her colleagues from any innuendos. Ireland must
ensure that its programme of aid aimed at addressing the needs of people in
developing countries is not compromised by political expediency in Ireland or
abroad.

We would much prefer that Irish governmental aid be kept at 800 million pence
and well protected by sound and transparent structures, than the promised
(pounds) 800 million without such structures and transparency. - Yours, etc.,

Martin McCormack, Secretary, Aid Watch International, Ballinea, Mullingar, Co
Westmeath.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2001 The Irish Times


                             767 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             May 19, 2001, Saturday

Son's AIDS fight memorialized

BYLINE: EILEEN SCHULTE

SECTION: LARGO TIMES; RELIGION; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 846 words

DATELINE: CLEARWATER



Mary Stephan promised God she would write a book on her son. God's Gifts in the
Midst of AIDS is the result of that promise.

After her beloved son died in his bed at her Clearwater home on June 3, 1993,
Mary Stephan made a covenant with God, promising him she would write a book
about her son's death from AIDS.

The result of that private contract is God's Gifts in the Midst of AIDS, a
229-page book Stephan self-published recently, chronicaling Fred Stephan's
struggle and eventual death from AIDS at 42, and Mrs. Stephan's spiritual
journey during those difficult years.

The proceeds from the book will go to AIDS Partnership, an organization Mary
Stephan helped found in 1994 with the help of friends. AIDS Partnership was
formed to help break the silence in churches concerning AIDS, to get pastors to
talk to their congregations about the disease and to help those infected with
the AIDS virus feel welcome.

"I want to get the ministers to do what they don't have time to do," said Mrs.
Stephan, who is 73.

She is especially focused on helping African-American ministers who she said
sometimes will not discuss AIDS with their congregations.

"That's a place where the judgment can be quite harsh," said Carol Dunn, an AIDS
Partnership volunteer. "There is more of a stigma there than in the white
community. The implication is, well, that's how you got it. If it's not spoken
in the pulpit, there's no permission to speak about it in the pews."

In an effort to break the silence, AIDS Partnership has worked with an
organization called the Balm in Gilead during Black Church Week of Prayer for
the Healing of AIDS.

The membership waxes and wanes through the years, but the five or six steady
volunteers involved with AIDS Partnership share ideas, lend support to AIDS
sufferers and work with AIDS service organizations.

Sitting on the patio recently in the house where Fred Stephan and his brothers
Clifford, Paul and David grew up, Mrs. Stephan cradled Fred's photo in her hands
and smiled.

"I can't help but laugh when I see him," she said in a Southern drawl. "He was
such a happy person."

Fred Stephan wanted his ashes to be buried in the back yard because he had such
good times there, she said, but he ultimately decided to have them scattered in
the Gulf of Mexico where he raced his pram as a child, and where his parents
sailed their boat, Peaches.

Mrs. Stephan wrote about her son's childhood in the book, but she focused
heavily on the years following the diagnosis in 1988.

Always interested in the entertainment industry, he was living in Los Angeles
and working as a warehouse manager at Warner Brothers, a job he loved. As his
disease worsened, Mrs. Stephan and her husband, Bill, would shuttle back and
forth from their Clearwater home to help care for him before he eventually
became so sick he moved back into their home.

Never a very religious person, Fred Stephan attended church with his family only
once during that time, at Easter. Like many AIDS sufferers and gays, he did not
feel comfortable at church.

"He felt like he wasn't accepted," said Mrs. Stephan.

Robert Brown, who has attended AIDS Partnership meetings, understands this
feeling. He grew up as a Southern Baptist and found out he had full-blown AIDS
in March 1994. He has attended other churches and has recently found some peace
at Trinity Presbyterian Church.

"I feel that churches are like society in general, maybe a little more
compassionate," said Brown, who calls himself a religious person in a cosmic
way. "But when it really comes down to it, I don't think they practice what
they're preached. In the Bible, didn't (Jesus) befriend a prostitute?"

Brown does not like hiding his sexual orientation or his disease from his family
or anyone else. He also doesn't like to hide it in church, although he knows
there is a price to pay for choosing to be open.

"Me smiling to that little girl in church, that would be all right," Brown said.
"But if her father knew anything about me, he wouldn't sit in the same pew."

Mrs. Stephan's plan for AIDS Partnership is to create care teams to help people
like Brown, who does not have transportation.

"People with AIDS have a lot of needs," she said. "A car to get to the doctor,
food, things the church could help with."

But, Bill Stephan said, the main goal of AIDS Partnership is to "get people to
accept people with AIDS rather than reject them like they did in the Old
Testament with the lepers."

According to Mrs. Stephan, there are at least 40 churches that she knows of that
offer some sort of AIDS relief program. But she knows there are many more than
40 churches in this area.

To get the book

Mary Stephan's book, God's Gifts in the Midst of AIDS, is available at Trinity
Presbyterian Church, 2001 Rainbow Drive, Clearwater. They are $ 20 each, plus
tax. Call (727) 446-6210 or send $ 20 plus $ 3.50 for postage and handling to
AIDS Partnership, P.O. Box 5763, Clearwater, FL 33758. Make checks payable to
AIDS Partnership. For online orders, the address is AIDSpartnership@ij.net.


LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: LARGO TIMES; SEMINOLE TIMES; CLEARWATER TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS
TIMES; CITY & STATE

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, JIM DAMASKE; PHOTO, Photo courtesy of Mary Stephan, (2); Mary
Stephan, 73, lost her son Fred to AIDS in 1993. Mary Stephan recently wrote and
published a bookabout Fred's childhood and battle with AIDS.; Fred Stephan was
42 years old when he died of AIDS in 1993.; Mary Stephan's book, God's Gifts in
the Midst of AIDS

                    Copyright 2001 Times Publishing Company


                             768 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     October 3, 2000, Tuesday, Home Edition

Despite precautions, AIDS infection rate refuses to drop

BYLINE: Gracie Bonds Staples, Staff

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: News; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 855 words

Young people are taking fewer sexual risks and using more condoms, but the rate
of HIV infections has remained steady the past four years, a new report shows.

Out of 40,000 new HIV infections each year, 50 percent are in young people ages
13 to 24; and African-Americans and Hispanics represent nearly 70 percent of the
new AIDS cases among that age group, according to "Youth and HIV/AIDS 2000: A
New American Agenda." The report was issued during the U.S. Conference on AIDS
in Atlanta.

"It's hard to explain," said Presidential AIDS envoy Sandra Thurman, who
released the findings at a news conference Monday at Cross Keys High School in
northeast Atlanta. "That's one of the reasons we need to do more research. We
know the basics. We know what kind of information to give them to help them
protect themselves, but we need to define what those messages need to be with
greater specificity.

"That's particularly true with high-risk groups --- children living in poverty,
children in abusive situations, children who are experimenting with drugs,
children who have low self-esteem."

Thurman is one of more than 3,000 local and national AIDS activists in town for
the three-day conference, which is being sponsored by the National Minority AIDS
Council in partnership with 20 national AIDS advocacy and governmental
organizations.

Appointed to her current position by President Clinton in 1997, Thurman
previously headed AID Atlanta, which became the largest AIDS service
organization in the South under her leadership.

Thurman said the findings speak to a couple of things. "One is we're facing a
lot of complacency about HIV and AIDS in this country, generally speaking," she
said. "And . . . young people think that they are not at risk for HIV
infection."

Thurman pointed to a recent MTV poll that indicated 87 percent of young people
think they are not at risk.  "What's interesting is that while a vast majority
of young people know the risk factors for HIV, they don't think that applies to
them," she said.

What's worse, Thurman said, is that most young people who are HIV-infected don't
know it and the vast majority do not receive adequate medical care. " They need
youth-friendly access to HIV counseling and testing, medical care, including
mental health care, and other support services," she said.

During a question-and-answer period, during which one student thanked Thurman
and the others for "coming and relating to us," students said they need more
detailed information about how AIDS is transmitted and they need on- campus
testing and counseling. They said condoms should be made available on school
campuses.

Asked by a student why tests for HIV and other sexually transmitted diseases are
not available at school, Thurman said, "I don't think there is a reason we
can't, we just don't do it. As we look at how we provide health care to young
people, that's a conversation we need to have."

In interviews after the program, which included a lively performance by Project
Magic, a local teen theater group, Cross Keys students Isabel Soto and Inez
Mills criticized the information school officials dispense, especially before
high school, and said more needs to be done.

"A lot of people start to have sex when they're 14," said 17-year-old Soto, "but
they don't elaborate in middle school. They just tell you you can get it from
sex and sharp objects."

Soto said she was horrified when at age 14 she cut her skin while shaving her
legs. "I thought I had AIDS because they had told me you got it through sharp
objects," she remembered.

David Harvey, executive director of the AIDS Alliance for Children, Youth &
Families in Washington, D.C., said part of what prevents explicit sex education
is adults who don't want to admit youth are sexually active.

"These kids are hollering for information that is culturally appropriate, youth
sensitive and explicit," he said. "The science shows that that's what youth
respond to."

Harvey said that in the four years since the first White House report on youth
and HIV/AIDS, an estimated 80,000 American teens and young adults have become
infected.

"Put simply, our teens are drowning and we've provided no lifeboats to save
them," he said.

While prevention efforts have helped reduced the number of new infections,
Thurman said great disparities remain in programs from region to region and from
school district to school district because decisions about what's included in
the school curriculum are made at the local level.

Cross Keys High was chosen for the AIDS presentation because of its cultural
diversity: 35 percent of students speak Spanish as their primary language, and
while the school is in an affluent area, 48 percent receive free or subsidized
lunches and 31 percent come from single-parent homes.

Dr. Eric Goosby, director of HIV/AIDS policy for the U.S. Department of Health
and Human Services, attributed the number of HIV infections to young people's
perception of themselves as invincible. Even after they seek care, he noted,
it's often difficult for health care providers to retain them as patients.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Sandra Thurman, the president's envoy on AIDS, returned Monday to Atlanta. /
LOUIE FAVORITE / Staff

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                             769 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      FEBRUARY 18, 2000 Friday SF EDITION

SOME SAY COLLEGES' 'MERIT AID' IS HURTING INCOME-BASED AID THE AMOUNT OF AID TO
ALL INCOME GROUPS HAS INCREASED. BUT MERIT GRANTS MAY REAP FINANCIAL REWARDS FOR
SCHOOLS.

BYLINE: Tony Pugh, INQUIRER WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A07

LENGTH: 964 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


As parents across the country rush to meet March deadlines for college
financial-aid applications, many are in for an unpleasant surprise.

At the expense of those with lower incomes, colleges and universities are giving
about three-fourths of their grants to middle- and upper-income students -
whether they need financial aid or not, according to a new study.

The trend reflects the growth of "tuition discounting" or "merit aid," in which
institutions offer annual grants ranging from $3,000 to $5,000 to attract
academically superior students, regardless of their need. The practice generates
revenue and helps increase a school's academic standing by attracting better
students, which, in turn, helps to recruit more prestigious faculty.

The amount of aid to all income groups has increased. However, when coupled with
recent tuition tax breaks for the middle class and a shift in federal student
aid from need-based grants to loans, merit aid further reduces money available
to help low-income families finance undergraduate education.

"Colleges and universities are turning their backs on the principle of meeting
financial need as they adopt programs, such as merit aid, that are aimed mainly
at more affluent students," Michael McPherson, president of Macalester College
in St. Paul, Minn., recently told a U.S. Senate committee. "It is increasingly
clear in our view that, unchecked, this trend will lead to growing
stratification in U.S. higher education, and increasing inequality of income and
opportunity in society at large."

For more than 30 years, most colleges geared their financial aid toward helping
needy students, and federal and state government aid subsidized that approach.

That began to change in the late 1980s, as budget-tightening forced states to
slash spending on higher education. At the same time, cuts in federal spending
shifted most student aid from grants to subsidized loans. Meanwhile, college
tuition skyrocketed.

The shift toward merit aid coincided with all this, according to a new national
study in the Journal of Student Financial Aid.

From 1989 to 1995, the amount of aid grants, whether based on need or not,
increased for all income groups, the study found. But total grants for
high-income students soared 62 percent - almost triple the 22 percent increase
for middle-income students and almost four times the 16 percent growth rate for
low-income students.

"Any money that goes to merit aid is going to come at the expense of need-based
aid," said Donald Heller, an associate education professor at the University of
Michigan who co-authored the study with Thomas Laird, a doctoral student at the
university.

Because higher-income students typically perform better on standardized tests,
as studies have shown, Heller said that merit-aid recipients tended to be more
affluent, and that most probably would attend college with or without aid.

"If we're concerned about who goes to college, it makes absolutely no sense at
all to give money to a student to enroll if he or she is going to go to college
anyway," Heller said.

Kathy Kurz, vice president of Scannell & Kurz, an education consulting firm in
Pittsford, N.Y., disagreed.

PRESSURE TO COMPETE

Many parents, regardless of income, worry about how to pay for college tuition,
which has risen much faster than median household income and the rate of
inflation, Kurz said.

Merit aid is targeted not only at top students, but also at those families whose
incomes are such that a discount of several thousand dollars may affect their
choice of college.

As more schools offer merit aid, their competitors are pressured to do the same
or risk losing students, Kurz said.

Colleges find the financial advantages of merit aid equally compelling.

Instead of giving a needy low-income student a $30,000 full scholarship that
generates no revenue, an institution can give the same amount - $5,000 apiece to
six merit-aid students - and reap the remaining amount of tuition from all six.

Many schools use the additional revenue to pay for other need-based aid, said
Tim Christensen, director of planning with the National Association of Student
Financial Aid Administrators.

"So that's a small investment with a large return," Christensen said. "That's a
meaningful contribution to the budget of the institution and clearly a
worthwhile thing to do financially and academically."

'SOCIAL CAPITAL'

Those arguments have not quieted the ethical concerns of educators such as
Claire Gaudiani, president of Connecticut College in New London, Conn., which
offers only need-based aid.

"It's important for us to look at institutional financial aid as a national
resource to build social capital," Gaudiani said, "not as a bottom-line business
asset to create the kind of resources an institution can use for other
purposes."

Congress could help by amending antitrust law to allow colleges and universities
to apply common standards in assessing student need and awarding aid, said
McPherson of Macalester College. Other experts call for more money for federal
grant programs targeting low-income families, such as Pell and Supplemental
Educational Opportunity Grants.

They also want these programs to become entitlements - similar to tuition tax
credits - that are not subject to annual funding cycles. Congress has resisted
such requests.

In an era of increasingly competitive and costly higher education, Christensen
and Kurz said, college and university administrators must balance their social
goals against marketplace realities.

"It can't be either-or," Kurz said. "They have to be hard-headed businesspeople
who generate revenue to provide quality education, and at the same time they
have to keep their mission clear."

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2000 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             770 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

           October 11, 1998, Sunday, 0 South Pineg Floridian Edition

Hearing loss? Now hear this

BYLINE: NANCY PARADIS

SECTION: FLORIDIAN; ACTION; Pg. 2F

LENGTH: 810 words



Buying hearing aids is no small, or inexpensive, matter, and our readers seem
to run into a lot of problems with it. Since an informed consumer is more
likely to make a wise choice, here are Action's tips for purchasing hearing
aids.

+ Hearing aid prices vary depending on the brand and specific need.

Conventional, basic hearing aids of good quality are available for $ 500 to  $
600 per aid.

Digitally programable aids can cost $ 900 to $ 1,500 per aid.

Digital hearing aids run from $ 1,500 to $ 3,000 per aid.

A combination of hearing loss and budget will determine which aid best  suits an
individual.

+ The following specialists are qualified to perform hearing tests and fit
hearing aids: hearing aid specialists, audioprosthologists and audiologists.

Under state law, hearing aid specialists must complete a six-month training
program that may include an approved home study course. Richard Skelly,
national board certified hearing instrument specialist, audio-

prosthologist and president of the Florida Society of Hearing Healthcare
Specialists, said that the total training takes approximately 1 1/2 years,
culminating in a state licensing exam.

When you select a hearing instrument specialist, the most important thing  is to
look for someone with national board certification, Skelly said. (Call  the
International Hearing Society at (800) 521-5247.)

An audioprosthologist is a fully licensed hearing instrument specialist who  has
completed significant additional training and certification.

An audiologist has a master's degree in audiology, has completed a  nine-month
clinical fellowship, and passed a national board exam.

+ When looking for a hearing aid center, consider the speech and hearing
clinics at local hospitals.

It is preferable to find a hearing aid center or clinic close to home since
hearing aids should be cleaned and serviced every two to three months. This is
particularly true of computerized aids, said Skelly, and this service is
usually included in the purchase price.

+ Veterans should start their search by contacting a veteran's hospital.

+ Avoid telemarketers or anyone who makes unrealistic promises. According  to
Skelly, results obtained from hearing aids will vary according to the level  of
hearing impairment and speech discrimination. In addition, not everyone's
hearing can be corrected 100 percent.

+ Always get a second opinion. Since prices can vary, it pays to shop  around.

+ It is against the law to sell or distribute hearing aids through the  mail.

+ Tina Adams, an audiologist at All Children's Hospital Department of
Audiology, said to be wary of offers of free hearing tests followed by
high-pressure sales tactics. She said the most accurate tests are conducted in
sound-proof booths. Do not get tested at home.

+ Anyone dispensing hearing aids must watch for signs such as asymmetric
hearing loss, an ear-bone gap caused by infection or fluid in the middle ear,
dizziness or even unequal ringing in the ears, which should be referred to a
medical doctor.

+ Florida law offers protection for purchasers of hearing aids.

In July 1997, the state Board of Hearing Aid Specialists changed the rule
governing hearing aid refunds. Up until that time, consumers had to prove the
hearing aids did not significantly improve their hearing in order to get a
refund. Now, hearing aids may be returned for any reason. Under the new rule
(Florida Statute 484.0512), consumers must be given a written 30-day trial
period and money-back guarantee (minus certain costs).

+ For a consumer kit and general information on hearing aids and hearing  loss,
call the International Hearing Society at (800) 521-5247.

+ To file a complaint, contact the Better Business Bureau, local consumer
protection agency, or call the Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer
Services' hotline at (800) 435-7352.

Action solves problems and gets answers for you. If you have a question, or
your own attempts to resolve a consumer complaint have failed, write Times
Action, P.O. Box 1121, St. Petersburg, FL 33731, or call your Action number,
893-8171, or, outside of Pinellas, (800) 333-7505, ext. 8171, to leave a
recorded request.

Requests will be accepted only by mail or voice mail; calls cannot be  returned.
We will not be responsible for personal documents, so please send  only
photocopies. If your complaint concerns merchandise ordered by mail, we  need
copies of both sides of your canceled check.

We may require additional information or prefer to reply by mail; therefore,
readers must provide a full mailing address, including ZIP code. Names of
letter writers will not be omitted except in unusual circumstances. Letters  may
be edited for length and clarity.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                             771 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                                December 2, 1997

Adults' responsibility to ease suffering of infected children

BYLINE: By Marina Tan

SECTION: National; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 479 words

DATELINE: Kuala Lumpur


KUALA LUMPUR, Mon. - It is the adults' responsibility to ease the
suffering of children infected with and affected by HIV/AIDS, and enable
children at risk of HIV to grow up uninfected.

Malaysian AIDS Council president and Malaysian AIDS Foundation chairman
Datin Paduka Marina Mahathir said today although AIDS was the most
publicised disease in the world, its impact on children had not been
adequately dealt with.

"In a world with AIDS, children must become everybody's responsibility,"
she said during the unveiling of MAC and MAF's World AIDS Day media
campaign, directed at the issue of social discrimination against affected
children.

This year's World AIDS Day theme, "Children Living in a World with
AIDS", was selected by the United Nations Joint Programme on HIV/AIDS.

"It is our hope that the campaign will increase public understanding of
the magnitude of the epidemic as well as result in policies and actions
which would prevent HIV transmission and minimise the impact of AIDS on
children, their families and their communities," she said.

Meanwhile students of Futurekids Computer Learning Centre presented more
than 200 "Hope & Care" cards to Marina, to be distributed to children
affected by HIV/AIDS in Malaysia and overseas.

Marina also accepted a RM10,000 contribution from family and friends of
Futurekids students, which will go to MAC's Paediatric AIDS Fund for
Malaysian children infected and affected by HIV/AIDS.

She also unveiled the MAC and MAF's programme for World AIDS Day.

On Sunday, Malaysians will be able to take part in the annual Red Ribbon
Carnival which offers sports, cultural and other fun activities under the
patronage of Prime Minister Datuk Seri Dr Mahathir Mohamad.

The Prime Minister and his wife, Datin Seri Dr Siti Hasmah Mohd Ali,
will be the guests of honour at Sunday's Red Ribbon Concert.

Pharmaceutical company Merck, Sharp & Dohme has pledged RM20,000 for
Walk of Hope on the same day, aimed at promoting public solidarity in
challenging the impact of AIDS in Malaysia.

All three events will take place at Stadium Merdeka. Entrance to the
carnival is free, while those interested in attending the concert will be
invited to donate a minimum of RM5.

Marina also said Malaysia would host the Fifth International Congress on
AIDS in Asia and the Pacific in 1999.

The biennial ICAAP is aimed at advancing communication and collaboration
transcending disciplines, cultures and boundaries on scientific,
behavioural, educational, ethical, economic and political aspects of AIDS.

Its objectives are to instill a higher degree of awareness about
HIV/AIDS and its impact in Malaysia; to bring about better management of
HIV/AIDS in Southeast Asia and to provide the best and latest information
on HIV/AIDS research.

About 3,000 participants are expected to attend.


LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture - Showing care ... Futurekids students showing Marina the Hope
& Care cards they produced.-Picture courtesy of Malaysian AIDS Foundation.

            Copyright 1997 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                             772 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           November 25, 1997 Tuesday
                                  Late Edition

Generous is as generous does

BYLINE: Geoffrey Barker

SECTION: NEWS; Opinion; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 780 words


Geoffrey Barker argues that a disturbing gap has opened between what the
Coalition says about foreign aid and what it is prepared to pay.

The Minister for Foreign Affairs, Mr Alexander Downer, understands clearly
enough that overseas aid serves Australia's long-term economic and security
interests. He has also, quite reasonably, attacked as political opportunism Ms
Pauline Hanson's call for Australia to disband its aid program.

Yet Downer has allowed a disturbingly wide gap to open between what the
Government says about overseas aid and what it is prepared to pay for it.

His response last week to the Simons review of overseas aid was a model of the
difference between political rhetoric and financial reality, and it was quite
inconsistent with the government's willingness to join IMF bail-out schemes for
troubled Asian economies.

At the rhetorical level, Downer sensibly identified the objective of Australian
overseas aid to be "to advance Australia's national interest by assisting
developing countries to reduce poverty and to achieve sustainable development".
He declared it a matter of national pride that the aid budget was now $1.45
billion.

But the financial reality is that Downer has presided over a 10 per cent real
reduction in overseas aid since the Coalition came to office, and he seems blind
to the continuing decline in overseas aid as a proportion of gross national
product. (The current proportion is 0.27 per cent, down from 0.36 per cent in
1995.)

Against this financial background it is reasonable to ask why Downer rejected
Simons' recommendation that the Government abandon the "no longer credible"
commitment of the United Nations' aid volume target of 0.7 per cent of GNP.

As there is no evidence of any government intention to try to reach the 0.7
target, Downer presumably decided to maintain the commitment essentially to
maintain international respectability and to avoid criticism from Australia's
non-government organisations which generate private aid flows that nearly double
government funds.

Just as vexing, given Downer's insistence that "it is important that we make the
most of the aid dollar" was his resistance to Simons' recommendation that much
more Australian aid be decoupled from the procurement of Australian goods and
services.

The Government and Simons disagree over whether nearly 45 per cent or only 33
per cent of Australian aid is in fact tied, but there seems little doubt, as
Simons argued, that the best value for money would be obtained if aid was untied
and based on international competitive tendering.

Downer sought to justify his stance on tied aid by insisting that Australian aid
had to remain "identifiably Australian". It seems more likely that the decisive
issue was the attitude of business groups who insist that aid should benefit the
Australian economy as well as seek to reduce poverty overseas.

Predictably, Downer rejected Simons' recommendation that a new untied soft loan
scheme should be created to replace the Development Import Finance Facility
(DIFF) scheme which was abolished by the Coalition and which, by itself, cut the
aid budget by

8 per cent or $124 million - and almost wrecked Downer's ministerialcareer when
he had to admit that he misled Parliament on the issue.

Given the anguished business reaction to the abolition of DIFF, and its
disappointment at the decision to introduce no new concessional loans scheme, it
seems likely that Downer supported continued tied aid essentially to avoid
dealing a double blow to business.

That was sound defensive politics for a Coalition minister, but means that a
significant (if declining) component of Australian overseas aid is still about
supporting Australian trade as much as it is about overseas poverty reduction.

Despite government-imposed financial stringencies, Australia's aid agency,
AusAID, and various NGOs are making significant differences to the lives of many
poor people, particularly in Australia's region. AusAID's efforts to help
relieve the drought in Papua New Guinea are particularly admirable.

The trouble is that Australia is sliding down the league table of aid donor
countries and the executive director of the Australian Council for Overseas Aid,
Ms Janet Hunt, has warned that plans by Japan to cut aid by 10 per cent will
further mask Australia's declining position in global aid efforts.

In domestic political terms, that may be no bad thing from Downer's perspective.
But Australia damages its international credibility by cutting aid while
proclaiming concern over mass poverty and arguing that aid expands economic
opportunities for Australia and alleviates non-military threats ranging from
pandemics to transnational crime.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1997 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             773 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 9, 1997, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

People less judgmental, fearful about AIDS

BYLINE: Kim Painter

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 10D

LENGTH: 357 words


Americans are less concerned about AIDS and less likely to shun
or blame those with the disease than they were a decade ago, a
new CNN/USA TODAY Gallup Poll shows.

Nearly half, 48%, of adults say they are "not at all concerned"
about getting AIDS, up from 37% in 1987. While 29% say it's the
nation's top health problem, outdistancing cancer and health costs,
that's down from 68% in 1987.


The changes may reflect a mistaken belief that, because of new
treatments, AIDS is no longer deadly, says Cornelius Baker, executive
director of the National Association of People With AIDS, Washington.
"Our message has to be, 'AIDS is still a big deal -- don't risk
it,' " he says.

Some other experts see the eased personal concern as realistic
but worry it may foreshadow reduced support for the fight against
AIDS.

"The fact that AIDS is not a threat to every single living American
does not mean that it is not one of our biggest and most serious
threats to public health," says Drew Altman, president of the
Kaiser Family Foundation, Menlo Park, Calif.

But the new survey shows no significant change in those saying
government isn't doing enough to fight AIDS: 51% say it isn't,
as did 53% in 1987.

The poll finds great changes in attitudes toward people with AIDS:

-- Just 15% say they avoid people they suspect might have AIDS
because of concerns about getting the disease, down from 43%.

-- 40% agree that "it's people's own fault if they get AIDS,"
down from 51%.

-- 31% agree AIDS is "a punishment for the decline in moral
standards," down from 43%.

-- 7% agree people with AIDS should be isolated from society,
down from 21%.

Least likely to shun or pass moral judgment on people with AIDS:
the young, college-educated and affluent.

"The irrational fear associated with AIDS has declined," says
David Smith, a spokesman for the Human Rights Campaign Fund, Washington.

The AIDS virus is transmitted through sex, blood, birth and dirty
needles, not by casual contact.

The new poll, based on 872 telephone interviews, has a margin
of error of 4 percentage points.

LOAD-DATE: October 09, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             774 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                            December 1, 1995 Friday

HIV/AIDS IN AUSTRALIA

LENGTH: 422 words


1981 - An Australian gay-community paper, the Sydney Star, runs Australia's
first article on AIDS.

1982 - In November, the first case of AIDS is diagnosed in Australia.

1983 - Australia's first AIDS death.

1984 - Publication by community groups in Victoria of a landmark advertisement
on the need for safe-sex practices. Special meeting of Australian Health
Ministers Council called in response to announcement of deaths of four infants
in Queensland from HIV-contaminated blood.

1985 - 49 cases of AIDS reported in Australia. Australia becomes the first
country in the world to secure its blood supply from HIV infection, with testing
of all donations.

1986 - Federal government funds the newly formed Australian Federation of AIDS
Organisations as the national peak body representing HIV/AIDS-related community
organisations.

1987 - 385 cases of AIDS in Australia. National Centre for HIV Epidemiology and
Research begins first Australian clinical trial of AZT, a promising
anti-retroviral. From now, Australia will be on the front line of treatment
research. Federal government launches a $2.9 million National AIDS Education
Campaign, spearheaded by the "Grim Reaper" television commercial.

1988 - Australia records its 1000th case of AIDS. More than 500 Australians have
now died.

1989 - The federal government launches the first National HIV/AIDS Strategy, a
policy framework on AIDS.

1990 - Australia has 2831 cases of AIDS, of whom 1423 have died. New federal
education campaign targets recreational intravenous drug users ("Be Safe, Be
Sure"). Links unsafe drug use and sexual transmission.

All States now have needle distribution and disposal centres.

1991 - AIDS Education; The Next Three Years 1991-1993, the first national AIDS
education policy is released. Commonwealth launches its first campaign targeted
both at gay men and bisexual men ("That Feeling").

1992 - First National Aboriginal Conference on HIV/AIDS.

1993 - Commonwealth launches its HIV/AIDS-related discrimination campaign. A
South Australian teacher wins a landmark case in the Equal Opportunity Tribunal,
which finds that the State Department of Education illegally discriminated
against him because he was gay and HIV positive.

1994 - Commonwealth runs its HIV/AIDS discrimination campaign for a second time.

1995 - The Evaluation of the 2nd National HIV/AIDS Strategy is launched,
indicating a need to refocus the allocation of resources to education of gay men
and to Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander communities.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: artwork: world aids day logo

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1995 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             775 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           December 31, 1994 Saturday

Keeping faith with the world's poor

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 951 words


THE world's commitment to foreign aid, once a measure of solidarity, is
in eclipse today. Spending among the leading industrialized nations fell
from $60.8-billion (U.S.) in 1992 to $54.8-billion in 1993. In the United
States, the most obvious example of retrenchment, the aid budget in real
terms has slipped to its lowest level since the Second World War. The
Americans once provided 60 per cent of global foreign aid; now they
contribute the smallest percentage of gross dometic product (0.20 per
cent) of any major country. This is the Age of Austerity, in which the
world's wealthiest society becomes its stingiest.

Canada, in contrast, is the world's eighth most generous donor. Foreign
aid, with peacekeeping, has been a touchstone of this country's
internationalism. Even as governments set targets and fell short of them,
even as moneys were misdirected and misappropriated, Canada maintained a
prominent commitment to the world's poorest countries. Now, facing a
crushing debt, Canada is necessarily and unfortunately abandoning that
leadership.

The reality is that Canada can no longer sustain its comparatively high
level of aid. Official development assistance reached $3.2-billion in
1991-1992. It fell to $2.9-billion in 1992-1993 and is expected to drop to
$2.8-billion in 1994-1995. As a percentage of GDP, it has gone from 0.49
per cent in 1988-1989 to 0.44 per cent in 1992-1993. By 1995-1996, it will
fall to an estimated 0.37 per cent. (The government, it should be noted,
also funds foreign aid indirectly by allowing tax deductions for
charitable donations to non-governmental organizations that work abroad.)
   The trend is clear: there is no more new money for aid. In the future,
Canada will struggle to remain above the average of OECD nations, which is
about 0.35 per cent. This is painful for a country which once promised,
unlike other nations, that its foreign aid would reach 0.7 per cent of
GDP.

That goal is now impossible in the near future. However sad, this frank
acknowledgment would halt raising expectations abroad while forcing a
reappraisal of means and ends at home. That means not necessarily more
aid, but better aid. If the government is truly interested in a renewed
foreign-aid program for Canada, here are three ways to achieve it:
   Redefining aid. One of the enduring problems with Canada's aid program
is that it has too many objectives. Rather than helping the world's poor -
its ostensible raison d'etre -it has been asked to promote Canada's trade,
foster Canada's regional development, show Canada's flag. The Industrial
Co-operation Program, for example, promotes business links with Canada but
is inevitably an instrument of trade. Commercial and diplomatic functions
should be confined to other departments. Aid should return to basics.

The challenge is to clarify the purpose of aid and make it the mandate
of the Canadian International Development Agency, the country's instrument
of foreign assistance. CIDA does not actually have a legislative mandate.
Parliament should define the principles of official development assistance
and hold CIDA responsible for their implementation through an annual
review. This would protect CIDA from political influences and interest
groups that too often distort its purpose. It would also enhance its
transparency and accountability.

As part of redefining aid, the government should stop tying aid and
trade, a practice that compels countries to buy goods in Canada as a
condition of receiving aid. If we truly want developing countries to
succeed, let them procure goods and services from the cheapest suppliers,
even if they are not Canadian.

Reducing the number of recipients. In the context of OECD countries,
Canada's program is widely dispersed. Aid is offered to some 128
countries. About 71 per cent of country-by-country disbursements go to 30
countries.

Of the top 30 recipients of aid in 1992-1993, seven were middle-income
countries. There were 11 such recipients two years ago, but there should
be none at all. The top 30 countries used to account for 75 per cent of
all bilateral spending, suggesting that Canada's major aid recipients are
bearing a larger share of the cuts in spending than the smallest
recipients.

If aid is to go to those who most need it, Canada should pull out of
all middle-income countries such as Malaysia, Thailand and Jamaica.
Comparatively speaking, they can take care of themselves.

Rethinking the type of aid. In the past, much of Canada's foreign aid
has financed infrastructure projects which benefit Canadian suppliers,
such as hydroelectricity dams in China. Studies show that much of this
kind of aid is ineffective and inefficient, although some of it has been
useful in the past. Instead, the main focus of a renewed foreign-aid
program should be to address "basic human needs," which means low-cost but
highly effective programs to improve education (especially for girls),
health care, nutrition, family planning, potable water, sanitation,
shelter, as well as to foster democratic institutions and micro-business.

To encourage results, CIDA should engage governments not merely as
recipients, but as partners through formal agreements. It might also make
further aid contingent on tangible results in these areas. Where possible,
that aid should be channelled through non-governmental organizations and
multilateral organizations, if they can show lower overhead and rigorous
accountability. Ultimately, transfering responsibility for the delivery of
aid would make CIDA smaller and cheaper.

While some of these ideas have been proposed before, none has been
fully implemented. Now financial restraint forces our hand. By reordering
priorities and crafting a more focused program, Canada can still keep
faith with the world's truly poor.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1994 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             776 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            December 3, 1993 Friday

NEW ATTITUDES   AIDS   Hearing impaired miss message   Deaf Outreach Program
just one way AIDS prevention is being   taught

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 766 words


More than a decade after the earliest spreading of the AIDS virus, after
thousands of AIDS-related deaths, after AIDS has spent years in the
spotlight as a leading social concern, it may be hard to imagine that a
whole sector of Canadian society has remained largely ignorant of the
existence of AIDS.

That, however, is just what the AIDS Committee of Toronto discovered
several years ago when a young deaf man came seeking their help. Unable to
understand the notes his doctor had written him, afraid to be exposed as
HIV-positive within the deaf community, he had no way even to understand
what was happening to him.

It was the visit of this deaf, gay man which that ultimately give rise
to the Deaf Outreach Project, a joint effort of the AIDS Committee of
Toronto (ACT), the Canadian Hearing Society, the Ontario Association of
the Deaf, the Toronto Rainbow Alliance of the Deaf and the Toronto
Association of the Deaf. The 1986 census had found over 23 per cent of
Canadians with disabilities have hearing impairments while the outreach
project describes 28,000 people in Toronto alone as "profoundly deaf,"
with American Sign Language as their first language.

"We found there was a total gap of information, services and resources
for a whole group of people," says Bonnie Benedik, co-ordinator for the
Deaf Outreach Project. "The visually impaired have hearing media like the
radio and television. Blind people can talk to their doctors. But many
deaf people had just completely missed out on any information about AIDS."

Agencies for the deaf were not always quick to respond to the need
because of the social stigma that accompanied AIDS, particularly if it was
tied to homosexual behaviour. Creating an acceptance of the reality of
AIDS, accepting that some portion of the deaf community is gay, "these are
catch-up areas of understanding which are very, very slow to change,"
Benedik says.

Toward effecting that change, the outreach project today employs deaf
instructors to educate deaf people about AIDS and create workshops on the
subject. The project provides interpreters for deaf people visiting their
doctor or seeking hospital services, and also links those who are HIV-
positive or ill with AIDS with a deaf companion to provide emotional
support and help with everyday chores. Among the educational materials now
available is a video about AIDS told in sign language.

"What accessibility (to AIDS services) really means just blew people
away," Benedik says.

Meanwhile, the need to increase awareness of AIDS is by no means a
challenge limited to the deaf community, as Bluma Appel will lose no time
in telling you. A member of the executive committee for the Canadian
Foundation for AIDS Research, Appel has been one of Canada's most visible
AIDS combatants, travelling the continent in service of CANFAR's effort to
raise funds for supporting AIDS research.

"My God, there are so many things to do that we haven't even begun to
touch them!" declares the characteristically energetic Appel, when asked
what most needs doing in the struggle with AIDS. "Right now, I think we
have to raise money for AIDS prevention, which is awareness. It's the
young teen-agers that are coming on stream (as AIDS risks). If we want to
get something done, we have to bring (information) into the home very
early.

"Educating our young people about AIDS is not pornography, it's
information. People bring too much of their baggage into this. I
constantly have the sense of fighting against the tide. Until we get a
cure, a vaccine or a least an effective management drug, we have to
protect people with education."

CANFAR's approach lately has been to emphasize the economic destruction
that accompanies AIDS, the idea being that businesses and corporations
will respond more vigorously if the problem is expressed not only as an
issue for compassion but one that affects their financial interests.

Provincial governments already badly strapped by health-care costs
should heed such arguments as well, notes Appel. Given that there are many
sexually active youngsters in each of 4,000 Canadian high schools, and
given that a single AIDS patient requires some $200,000 in medical
treatment, the country would save $800-million in health costs if just one
teen-ager in each school is spared AIDS through education.

"Unfortunately, governments tend to react - they don't anticipate,"
Appel says. "I have since 1986 been trying to get government involved in
this. I think the mothers have to take it on now."

If awareness is the key - whether for the deaf community or for the
young people in Canadian high schools - the message today is that everyone
can take AIDS on.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1993 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             777 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 27, 1993, Saturday, Final Edition
                              Correction Appended

Foreign Aid Shift Sought By Clinton;
Proposal Would Drop Friendly Nation Focus

John M. Goshko, Thomas W. Lippman, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A1

LENGTH: 1138 words


The Clinton administration has proposed a complete overhaul of the nation's
foreign assistance programs that would give the president broad flexibility to
use aid to advance his foreign policy goals and would jettison existing programs
conceived primarily to combat communism.

Instead of distributing funds principally to support friendly governments in
specific countries, as the United States typically did during the Cold War,
foreign aid would be used to advance such broad policy objectives as promoting
democracy, encouraging free trade and combating terrorism and nuclear
proliferation.

Aid to Israel and Egypt -- historically the largest recipients of U.S.
assistance -- would be protected, and plans to help finance Russia's move toward
a free market economy would be preserved. But otherwise the work of the Agency
for International Development, which manages U.S. aid programs, would aim at
enhancing "sustainable development" and "promoting peace" rather than supporting
individual nations.

Additionally, all foreign aid programs would emphasize population control,
environmental protection and improvements in the status of women in developing
countries. In an echo of the domestic antipoverty program of the Johnson
administration, planning of aid programs would require "active involvement . . .
of potential recipients."

The proposed new approach to foreign aid, which seeks to bring all federal
agencies with international programs into a coordinated assistance effort, was
sent to key members of Congress this week in the form of a 136-page bill labeled
"discussion draft," in anticipation of enactment next year.

The new measure would repeal the 1961 Foreign Aid Act and a long list of
amendments and country-specific provisions that have been added to it, including
the Security Assistance Act, which provided funds to many less-than-democratic
governments that opposed communism during the Cold War.

On Capitol Hill, where there is widespread agreement that the time for
restructuring the foreign aid program has come, early response to the
administration's initiative was mixed. Some members regard the proposal as a
useful starting point, staff aides said, while others have already objected to a
provision that would allow the president to waive restrictions on aid to nations
suspected of developing nuclear weapons, in particular Pakistan.

The administration's proposed bill does not mention Pakistan or any other
country by name. Instead it lists six broad policy objectives that all aid
programs would be intended to promote, and lists several categories of nations
-- communist governments, nuclear proliferators, terrorist states -- that would
be barred from receiving any aid unless the president waived the ban in U.S.
national interests.

The policy objectives are:

""Promoting sustainable development" by encouraging economic growth, population
control and protection of the environment.

""Promoting democracy" by aiding fledgling democracies, especially with
training. Aid would be cut off to any nation where an elected government was
overthrown in a military coup.

""Promoting peace" by aiding regional defense groupings and anti-drug efforts
and rewarding nations that refrain from developing weapons of mass destruction.

""Providing humanitarian assistance." The bill would create an Emergency Refugee
and Migration Assistance Fund, and would also allow the president to take money
from other programs and agencies for emergency relief."Promoting growth through
trade and investment" by coordinating the work of the Export-Import Bank, the
Overseas Private Investment Corp. and other international development agencies
with the aid program.

""Advancing diplomacy" by specifying that the secretary of state directs policy
for all U.S. international aid programs, not just in the Agency for
International Development but in such related agencies as the Overseas Private
Investment Corp. and the Export-Import Bank. It would be up to the secretary of
state, moreover, to decide whether the aid package for any country should
include military assistance.

Presidents of both parties have complained that Congress attached too many
strings to foreign aid and "earmarked" too much of the aid budget for specific
countries. The new bill would allow the president to shift hundreds of millions
of dollars a year between aid programs, and from other government functions into
foreign aid, without going to Congress for approval.

"We want to make sure our goals can be achieved in a mutually reinforcing
manner," AID director J. Brian Atwood said in an interview. "For example, the
population program goal of effective family planning would add to a country's
stability because it would help to bring women into the mainstream of the
economy and it would promote democracy."

The administration's new approach would try to integrate the work not just of
government agencies but of international voluntary organizations and of U.S.
universities and hospitals with programs overseas.

"Nongovernmental organizations," or NGOs, would participate in "the policy and
program planning process," as well as AID-funded fieldwork, in an effort to
bring their years of expertise into aid planning. Aid funds would also be used
to involve universities in the planning process, as well as to educate U.S.
citizens about "the development process and the importance to the U.S. of
developing countries," according to an AID fact sheet about the proposed bill.

The administration's bill would establish separate funds for development in
sub-Saharan Africa and for promoting peace in the Middle East, in addition to
the refugee emergency fund.

Overall, the aid bill would write into law the foreign policy philosophy of the
Clinton administration, by specificying that the use of aid to promote
democracy, liberalize economic markets and improve living standards in poor but
well-intentioned countries "promotes our democratic values and contributes to
America's economic strength, the foundation of American foreign policy and
leadership abroad."

But independent groups that support foreign aid are already complaining that the
administration's internal budget projects for fiscal 1995 show that very little
money will be available for these purposes, however high-minded the language. By
protecting aid levels for Egypt, Israel and Russia while cutting all other
funds, the administration is undermining the objectives laid out in the proposed
new law, according to the Overseas Development Council, the Environmental and
Energy Study Conference and many other groups.

Atwood said that is a valid concern, but added, "We think we can scrape enough
out of the old pipelines to have an impact for a few years. But we won't be able
to do nearly as much as we would like if we had more money."

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

CORRECTION-DATE: December 22, 1993, Wednesday, Final Edition

CORRECTION: A Nov. 27 article about the U.S. foreign aid program incorrectly
attributed information to the Environmental and Energy Study Conference, a
congressional unit. The source was the Environmental and Energy Study Institute.

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS, FOREIGN NEWS

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                             778 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

            November 25, 1993, THURSDAY, ILLINOIS FIVE STAR Edition

AIDS IS NOW NO. 1 KILLER HERE OF MEN AGED 25-44

BYLINE: Roger Signor Post-Dispatch Science-Medicine Editor

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1040 words


AIDS is viewed with complacency throughout the Midwest and in the St. Louis
area, health workers here say.

But looking the other way will be much tougher now:

AIDS has become the leading killer of young men in St. Louis and St.  Louis
County, state health officials reported on Wednesday.

In 1992, the disease killed 144 men aged 25 to 44 in the city and county, they
said.

The trend also had a big impact in that age group statewide. In Missouri and
Illinois last year, acquired immune deficiency syndrome killed 341 and 823
residents, respectively, in the 25-44 age group. Only accidents killed more
people in this age group.

"I've been waiting for the Midwest to wake up to AIDS," said the Rev.  Beth
Meyerson, of the private agency, St. Louis Effort for AIDS.

Agency workers said AIDS was killing and disabling males in what would otherwise
have been their most productive years.

"We're losing a generation or two of young adults who were once supporters of
the economy," said Mary Hizer, director of the agency.

Moreover, the last few months of life for AIDS patients "are the most
devastating, personally and financially, to them and their loved ones," Hizer
said. Meanwhile, her agency has been pushed to the limit, she said.

This year, the agency will allocate more than $ 50,000 for food, lodging and
medicine for patients and their families, she said.

The AIDS death toll probably will increase sharply again 10 or so years from
now, says Dr. William L. Kincaid, St. Louis health commissioner.

In the early 1980s, a syphilis epidemic among white gay males also spread the
sexually transmitted AIDS virus, Kincaid said. That epidemic resulted in the
current surge in deaths from AIDS, he said.

"Now, we have another syphilis epidemic in the city and county, with 90 percent
of the cases occurring in African-Americans," he said.

Both epidemics were related to sexual promiscuity and unprotected sex -
spreading both the bacterium that causes syphilis and the virus that causes
AIDS.

So far this year, 1,142 syphilis cases have been reported in the city and
county. In its early stages, syphilis is curable with antibiotics. There is no
cure or vaccine for AIDS.

Today's syphilis epidemic may turn into another surge in AIDS deaths at the turn
of the century, said Dr. Alpha Bryan, director of St. Louis County's health
department. It takes about 10 years for a person infected with AIDS to become
seriously ill.

White gay males eventually began following advice to stop having unprotected sex
and multiple sex partners, Bryan said.

But in the 1990s, blacks viewed AIDS as a problem of gay white males, she said.
"It appears that the message learned by gay white males wasn't heeded by the
black population," she said.

The spread of AIDS is also occurring among heterosexuals here, she said.
Through August, 184 black women and 65 white women in the city and county had
been infected with the virus that causes AIDS, she said. Most of those
infections occurred in recent years.

A total of 1,873 cases of AIDS have been reported in the city and county since
the beginning of the epidemic in 1981, according to the Metropolitan St.  Louis
AIDS Program. It coordinates efforts by the city and county in combatting the
epidemic.

In 1992, the city and county had 432 new cases of AIDS. Through August, there
were already 352 new cases of the disease, program officials said.

St. Clair and Madison counties reported 27 deaths from AIDS among males in the
25-44 age group, said Illinois health officials. But accidents and homicides
still killed more residents in this group.

Nationwide, AIDS was the leading cause of death in this group in 1992, killing
21,210 men. The country had a total of 33,590 AIDS deaths last year.  That
included 3,200 women.

Persons who want information about the disease may call the Metropolitan AIDS
Program at 658-1159 from 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. on weekdays.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC; Graphic Chart by Post-Dispatch - AIDS Deaths - Males, 25-44
years of age, in St. Louis City, St. Louis County, and Missouri, 1988-1992.
Source: Missouri Health Department

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             779 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 6, 1989, Tuesday, Final Edition

Focus Shifts from Dying to Living with AIDS

BYLINE: Abigail Trafford, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: HEALTH; PAGE Z17

LENGTH: 722 words


Gone are the screeching headlines about AIDS and the rhetoric of a space-age
plague sweeping the earth like the Black Death of the Middle Ages which killed
off a third of Europe's population.

But as some 11,000 researchers and health officials gather in Montreal this week
for the Fifth International Conference on AIDS, it would be a mistake for
Americans to conclude that the threat from this virus has passed.

Just how fast the disease is spreading is not known. There is little hard data
on infection rates in the general population and in many countries, AIDS cases
are underreported. Nevertheless, the best estimates from the World Health
Organization suggest that more than 5 million cases of AIDS may develop between
1990 and the year 2000, by which time some 18 million people will have been
infected with the virus. So far, there have been an estimated 500,000 cases
worldwide, with more than 90,000 reported in the U.S.

"These projections suggest very strongly that the AIDS situation during the
decade of the 1990s will be much worse than what we have experienced during the
1980s," said Jonathan Mann, Director of WHO's global AIDS program. "The AIDS
pandemic has not plateaued or peaked."

Yet there is evidence of a backlash developing against AIDS, with questions of
why the U. S. should spend as much research money on AIDS as it does on cancer
or heart disease, when the number of AIDS cases remains much lower than for
either of those killers. At the same time, those who work with AIDS patients see
the current backlash as a sign of denial and apathy in the general public -- and
a symptom of the lack of leadership among politicians.

Part of the political problem with AIDS is due to the natural evolution of the
disease. No longer a mysterious new killer, AIDS has become like cancers and
other slow, devastating diseases -- a chronic condition that includes episodes
of traumatic illness and longer and longer stretches of survival.

Meanwhile, for both the medical profession and those infected with the virus,
the focus has shifted from dying from AIDS to living with it. "The shock,
excitement, alarm of the first phase is over," said Michael Kirby, a justice of
the Australian Supreme Court in Sydney and a global AIDS activist.  "Now we are
all living with AIDS."

Studies show that it can take up to ten years for an infected person to develop
the disease. Once symptoms appear, patients can live one or two years and
sometimes much longer. Although there is no cure for AIDS, a number of drugs are
being used to extend the survival of patients.

Daedalus, the journal of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, focused its
spring issue on living with the disease. "AIDS may become a new and serious
chronic disease, not totally different from any number of others that now exist
and are susceptible to drug and other therapies," wrote Daedalus editor Stephen
R. Graubard.

But optimism over the epidemic's coming of age may be premature. One aspect of
the disease, for example, has much more ominous political overtones. It is the
changing face of the AIDS patient. As the virus spreads in the U.S.,
increasingly the ones stricken belong to a growing medical underclass,
disproportionately black and Hispanic, where the social diseases of poverty and
substance abuse are prevalent.

In New York City, more than 50 percent of the intravenous drug users are
believed to be infected. A recent study found that 62 percent of the men in a
homeless shelter there carried the virus. About one of every 77 babies is born
of an AIDS-infected mother. This is what Justice Kirby calls "a troika of
misfortune: poverty, drugs and AIDS."

To many health officials, the current danger from AIDS -- aside from the rising
toll of the pandemic -- is that it is all too easy for the medical underclass to
remain politically invisible.

The flip side of this concern is that AIDS presents a critical opportunity to
reexamine the gaps in health care and social supports for many Americans with
chronic diseases. As Aran Ron and David E. Rogers of Cornell University Medical
College wrote in Daedalus: " . . . in struggling to cope with AIDS, we can hope
to become a more tolerant, flexible society aspiring to certain timeless values
and standards in dealing with everyone who needs our care and support."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: FEATURE

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                             780 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                June 25, 1988, Saturday, SATURDAY SECOND EDITION

Poll points to a new conservatism Houw AIDS could change the way Canadians live

BYLINE: By Martin Goldfarb Special to The Star

SECTION: INSIGHT; Pg. D6

LENGTH: 1149 words


   NO ISSUE in recent times has provoked a greater public response, or had a
more profound impact on our behavior, than AIDS. Only two years ago in the
Goldfarb Report, a study which tracks national behaviors and attitudes on an
annual basis, Canadians ranked AIDS 19th on a list of issues of important
national concern. This year, AIDS ranked first.

But how do Ontarians really feel about the victims of AIDS?

How, as a result of AIDS, are we changing our behavior, attitudes and values,
particularly in terms of sexual mores and attitudes about family life?

What further implications might these changes have on our society over-all?

The results of an in-depth study we conducted among 800 Ontarians, as reported
in The Toronto Star last month, are disturbing on several levels:

* Blaming the victims: Ontarians, like all Canadians, say they worry a lot about
AIDS. It is, for most of us, the Black Death, the Terror in the Night.

Nine in 10 Ontarians identify AIDS as a serious problem. Almost unanimously,
they feel it is spreading rapidly in Canada.

However, only a very small percentage admit that it has caused them personal
anxiety.

Eighty-five per cent of Ontarians say, "I am not concerned about getting AIDS
because I believe I conduct my sex life responsibly."

We worry far more about our susceptibility to cancer, heart disease, plane
crashes and car accidents.

The disparity between abstract fear and internalized, personalized fear is
problematic, since it can potentially create in our society an "us-and-them"
mentality.

The study results demonstrate movement in this direction. There is high support
for quarantining not only those suffering from the disease, but also those who
test positive to the antibodies. More than one-third of Ontarians seek to see
AIDS sufferers segregated from society and one in five wants to isolate even
carriers of the antibody.

We say that we feel sorry for the victims, but ask that they be isolated, which
means that we don't feel sorry for them at all.

There is a latent belief that victims of the disease somehow deserve it, and
therefore do not necessarily deserve freedom and civil liberties.

Fifty-eight per cent of Ontarians say they feel sorry for AIDS victims, but more
worry about its potential to drain the financial resources of the province's
health-care system. And one in five feels that the disease has been visited upon
homosexuals to punish them for their lifestyle.

Four in 10 Ontarians say they are afraid to have any contact whatsoever with an
AIDS patient and one in five feels that children with AIDS should not be allowed
to attend regular schools.

These two findings are astounding in that the study clearly demonstrates that
Ontarians have no confusion as to the primary ways in which the disease is
spread. Very few Ontarians would suggest that casual contact with an AIDS victim
can result in transmission of the virus.

Yet, there is a danger we will make lepers out of AIDS patients and individuals
in high-risk groups.

* Changing society: The data collected clearly suggest that Ontarians believe
AIDS will dramatically affect our values, our lifestyle, our mores and our
definition of family life.

Eighty-two per cent of Ontarians feel AIDS will affect the way Canadians live.

* Conservative behaviors and attitudes: AIDS already has wrought changes in
attitudes about sexual mores and behaviors.

Eighty-five per cent feel Canadians will be more inclined to remain faithful to
a spouse as a result of AIDS. And nine in 10 Ontarians feel Canadians will be
more inclined to reduce the number of sexual partners they have.

(The 314 singles interviewed in the sample indicate that the process of change
is already in motion. Almost half state that they are now less inclined to
engage in sexual relationships or enter into intimate relationships; one fourth
say that they are more inclined to abstain from sexual relations altogether.)

Two-thirds of Ontarians feel that, as a result of AIDS, we will be much less
inclined in the future to accept premarital or extramarital sex. And more than
two-thirds of those sampled believe that, as a result of AIDS, Canadians will be
less inclined to use drugs intravenously or engage in homosexual practices.

* Family life: Clearly, AIDS has been responsible for a revival of nostalgia for
traditional, old-fashioned family values.

Ontarians speak of increased tendencies to return to the values of our parents
and grandparents.

They feel unequivocally that AIDS will encourage people to get married, stay
married and remain faithful to their spouse.

* Redefinition of the role of women: The movement to return to traditional
family lifestyles will have tremendous impact on the working woman, as society
will expect her to return to some aspects of her historical role as homemaker
and child-rearer.

This will generate considerable tension in the culture, as those traditional
values are in conflict with many of the new freedoms women have won in the
workplace.

Almost three-quarters of parents interviewed state that since the AIDS scare
began they are more fearful for their children's safety and more protective of
them.

It is possible that AIDS and the fears it provokes for offspring might once
again call women back to the nuclear family and household.

* Increase of conservatism: Behavior and values are obviously closely related
and the increased conservatism demonstrated in sexual and family spheres is
reflected in a more generalized conservatism.

Almost seven in 10 Ontarians feel, that as a result of AIDS, we will become more
inclined to think conservatively. Almost half of the Ontarians interviewed fear
that AIDS might result in a loss of personal freedom in Canada and more
restrictive behavior among Canadians.

As a result of AIDS, 74 per cent of Ontarians feel that we will be less willing
to accept homosexuality or prostitution.

In the 1960s, we decided that the government had no business in the nation's
bedrooms. As a result of AIDS, will government win or demand a right to decide
what is sexually acceptable and what is not?

* Cultural xenophobia: AIDS has the potential of producing a society that is
afraid of strangers. Again, this will produce tension and conflict.

As economies become more internationalized, the need to deal with people of
different cultures and value systems becomes increasingly important

As a result of AIDS, will we raise a society of young people who are at best
reluctant to deal with strangers?

AIDS has the potential to produce a society that is more xenophobic and
isolationist.

We have all had contact with AIDS, although in ways that are more sociological
and political than physiological. And that contact, the effects of AIDS that
will touch us all, can only increase.

MARTIN GOLDFARB IS A TORONTO POLLING CONSULTANT

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1988 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             781 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     June 8, 1988, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Ottawa adds $100 million to campaign against AIDS

BYLINE: By Kelly Toughill Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 530 words


   A $100 million federal plan to battle AIDS was to be announced by Health
Minister Jake Epp in Winnipeg today.

The money will go into AIDS education, research and special services over the
next four years, sources said.

The plan was expected to include reorganization of the Federal Centre for AIDS,
the command centre in the national effort against the deadly disease.

Epp's announcement comes on top of a $39 million, five-year federal plan
launched in 1986.

Only three weeks ago, Epp was burned in effigy by angry AIDS activists who
marched through downtown Toronto demanding more action from the government.

Scientists and public health officials have complained that the 1986 plan was
grossly inadequate. Leaders of the federal AIDS centre said vital research
projects were being ignored because they didn't have the money to pay for them.

Initiative stalled

The government's own AIDS advisory committee hasn't met in six months because it
didn't have enough travel money to bring the members together.

Epp first submitted his AIDS strategy to cabinet last winter, a plan that
reportedly called for Ottawa to spend more than $140 million. But his initiative
was quickly stalled for lack of funds.

While many have praised the plan to be announced today, others feel it still
doesn't provide enough money or direction for the anti-AIDS campaign.

Dr. Norbert Gilmore, chairman of the National Advisory Committee on AIDS, has
predicted that no matter how much is approved for AIDS research and education,
some will say that it isn't enough.

A recent report by the Royal Society of Canada called for $115 million to be
spent each year on research and education by provincial, municipal and federal
governments.

The society report was the first comprehensive look at the problem of AIDS in
Canada.

It predicted that 7,000 Canadians will be suffering from the fatal disease by
1991 and that up to 50,000 are now infected with the virus. It is believed that
all those who are carrying the virus will eventually develop the syndrome.

Cost in billions

Health care costs alone pass $90,000 for each AIDS patient, according to the
report. When lost taxes and earning power of each person with the disease is
calculated, the cost of the epidemic to Canada's economy must be counted in the
billions, it says.

AIDS is caused by a virus that destroys the body's immune system, leaving a
person vulnerable to other infections. One reason the epidemic is so difficult
to fight is that even those carrying the virus often don't know they are
infected and may pass the contagion on to someone else.

It is believed that the virus has an average incubation period of eight years
before its host develops one of the hallmark diseases that defines full-blown
AIDS.

As of June 6, 1,775 cases of AIDS had been reported in Canada from the first
case. Of these, 782 are alive, 993 have died. In Ontario, 698 cases have been
reported, of whom 281 are living and 417 have died.

The AIDS virus is found in bodily fluids such as blood and semen and is most
often spread through sex and the sharing of needles by intravenous drug users.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1988 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             782 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     January 5, 1988, Tuesday, City Edition

AIDS education set for blacks, Hispanics // Disease strikes high percentage
among minorities

BYLINE: KIMBERLY D. KLEMAN

SECTION: TAMPA; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 592 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



TAMPA - Blacks, Hispanics and drug users don't know enough about    their
potentially high risk of contracting AIDS, says a Hillsborough    community
group that wants to help inform them.

     The Tampa-Hillsborough Action Plan, created last year to help    combat
drugs primarily in black communities, is also tackling the issue    of acquired
immune deficiency syndrome because it says the two are    inextricably related.

     Twenty-two percent of Florida's AIDS patients were intravenous drug
users, state statistics show. And fully half of all AIDS patients in    Florida
are black or Hispanic, even though minorities make up less than    25 percent of
the state's population.

     "It's definitely disproportionate," said Karen Hastings, the    state's
program manager for AIDS information and education. Moreover,    most
educational material about AIDS has been geared not toward these    groups but
instead toward homosexual white men, officials say.

     "We know now that those messages are not particularly culturally
sensitive or appropriate" for minorities, Hastings said.

     To help get the right message out, the Action Plan will sponsor a    forum
Wednesday. The seminar will bring together national and state    experts to
inform local community leaders, law enforcement officials    and residents about
AIDS.

     Later, the group hopes to apply for state grants to get the message
about AIDS to black and Hispanic neighborhoods, to drug abusers and    their
families, and to the homeless, among other groups. Pamphlets    could be
distributed, and even ministers could be enlisted to help    spread the word,
officials said.

     "We're trying hard to act as a catalyst ... to equip people in
Hillsborough County to better handle the problems of AIDS and drug    abuse,"
James Hammond, an Action Plan official, said at a news    conference Monday.

     Residents also need to know that AIDS is spreading among groups    other
than drug abusers, especially in Florida, Action Plan members    say.

     For example, the portion of AIDS cases transmitted by heterosexual    sex
is 15 percent in Florida, and only 4 percent nationwide. The    percentage of
AIDS patients who are children is also greater in Florida    than the national
average - 2.5 percent in Florida compared with less    than 1 percent
nationwide. Of Florida children with AIDS, 88 percent    are black or Hispanic,
state figures show.

     And of Florida women with AIDS, between 70 percent and 80 percent    are
black or Hispanic, according to the state.

     According to the federal Centers for Disease Control, 3,477    Floridians
have been diagnosed as having AIDS since 1981 - a number    that trails only New
York and California.

        Hillsborough County ranks fourth in the state - behind Dade,    Broward
and Palm Beach counties - with 156 confirmed AIDS cases since    1980.

     "We have a matter of grave concern," Hilda Kilgore of the Tampa    AIDS
Network said of the statistics. "It's not confined to one or two    groups
anymore. At this point, we need to enlist the assistance of the    whole
Hillsborough community."

     Wednesday's forum will be at 3 p.m. at Beulah Baptist Church, 1006
Cypress St. in Tampa. For information, call Hammond at 871-4772.



LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA

GRAPHIC: COLOR GRAPH, Frank Peters, (3); COLOR CHART, Frank Peters; Percent of
Florida AIDS cases by race; AIDS cases among Florida children by race; Florida
counties with most confirmed AIDS cases; Percent of Florida residents with AIDS
by race as compared to the percent of national aids cases by race

                            Times Publishing Company


                             783 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                        November 17, 1987, Tuesday, WES

Survey finds youths lack facts on AIDS

BYLINE: By Tracey Tyler Toronto Star

SECTION: NEIGHBORS; Pg. W1

LENGTH: 449 words


   A "frightening" level of hysteria and ignorance about AIDS exists among young
people in Etobicoke, according to a report.

And there is a deep-seated bigotry toward AIDS victims among the 16- to
25-year-olds questioned, a survey by the Lakeshore Area Multi-Services Project
Inc. found.

Only 19 per cent of those asked think AIDS victims should be allowed to work.

Another 20 per cent are opposed to AIDS carriers holding down jobs, while nearly
a third are uncertain and fear catching the deadly virus at work.

"People are frightened and they don't know how to handle this," says Joe
Leonard, executive director of LAMP.

Though most of those questioned knew they couldn't catch AIDS by hugging
someone, only 19 per cent would allow an AIDS carrier in the workplace, the
survey found.

High-risk group

Sixty per cent of those asked said they were worried about getting AIDS, which
can be spread through bodily fluids and by sharing drug needles. Homosexuals are
a high-risk group.

But while nearly 90 per cent knew that using a condom reduces the chances of
getting AIDS, most of the repondents never or rarely do. Condom-use declines the
more sex partners a person has, the study says.

The survey questioned 156 people who live and work in Etobicoke, and 64 inmates
at the Mimico Correctional Centre.

"Many people still have this attitude that 'Well, AIDS is something that happens
to other people, it's not going to happen to me,' " says Joan Anderson, chairman
of the AIDS Committee of Toronto.

Across Canada, 1,345 cases of AIDS have been reported; of those, 702 have died.

'Major misconceptions'

In Ontario, 515 cases have been reported; of those 247 have died.

The survey also found that "major misconceptions" abound over the issue of AIDS
and homosexuality. Most of those asked believed that "many" lesbians have AIDS,
while they are, in fact, believed to be among the lowest-risk group.

Others wrongly believed they can get AIDS by donating blood.

LAMP has called on all levels of government to spend more money to tell the
public about AIDS, Leonard says. And it wants the Etobicoke board of health to
set up programs to teach those outside the school system about the virus.

The Etobicoke Board of Education was the first in Ontario to include lessons on
AIDS as part of its health and physical education programs in all schools,
spokesman Harvey Currell says.

Parents can attend an information session on AIDS at West Humber Collegiate at
7.30 tonight, and the same time Nov. 24 at the Etobicoke Education Centre.

The survey found that most young people questioned got information on AIDS
through the media, especially television.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             784 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                October 16, 1987

Agenda: The wrong ideas that are plaguing Aids - Why, despite millions spent on
information campaigns, the public persists in misunderstanding the nature and
effects of Aids

BYLINE: By SIMON WATNEY

LENGTH: 2048 words


Four long years have passed since the identification of the HIV retrovirus
responsible for Aids. Millions of pounds have been spent on public information
campaigns. Aids education workers have been appointed by local authorities
throughout Britain. Tens of thousands of lives are already directly affected by
the consequences of HIV. Yet even the most basic medical facts concerning HIV
infection and Aids are all but universally misunderstood.

The entire subject continues to be framed by our culture in a way which is as
medically misinformed as it is profoundly socially misleading.

If the current figure of 1,000 Aids cases in the UK is to teach us anything, it
is the sheer enormity and efficiency of the cultural censorship which guarantees
that the actual situation of people with HIV infection or Aids is rarely if ever
discussed at all, save in the most morbid and distancing of terms. People with
Aids have simply been made to disappear.

In this manner a terrible and continuing human catastrophe has been
systematically denied the status of tragedy, or even natural disaster. We have
all been duly exhorted not to die of ignorance. Yet it is ignorance on a
massive, institutionalised scale which British media commentary continues to
sustain at all levels.

Four long years ago a small number of people in the voluntary sector and on the
fringes of the National Health Service set out to establish what was thought of
as 'Aids awareness.' It is, however, patently clear that the kinds of awareness
of Aids which currently predominate have been achieved at the direct cost of
either accurate risk perception, or any appreciation of the real issues facing
people with HIV infection or Aids in their everyday lives. No attention
whatsoever has been paid to the experience of those social groups which have
been living through this crisis for the past seven years.

If we are to be remotely prepared for the real, terrible future of this
epidemic, we must act now, at once, to intervene in the face of the effortless
trivialisation of every aspect of Aids.

The public rhetoric proceeds from three initial terms, which together establish
what amounts to a domino theory of Aids. All British discussion starts from the
notion of an 'Aids virus,' which it is crucial to recognise as an ideological
rather than a medical category. Here, already, a highly significant act of
condensation has taken place, collapsing together the quite distinct phenomena
of HIV infection and Aids.

As a disease of the blood, which may be transmitted sexually, HIV has many
possible consequences. It may simply lie dormant and asymptomatic, while
remaining infectious; it may lead to a wide range of neurological conditions,
caused by damage to the central nervous system; it may lead to a large number of
Aids-related conditions (ARCs), resulting from damage to the body's immune
system. These may prove fatal in themselves. Damage to the immune system may
lead to a much larger number of infections and malignancies, known collectively
as the syndrome Aids.

By refusing to distinguish between HIV and Aids, commentators obscure the simple
distinction between a virus and a syndrome. At the same time Aids is presented
as if it were infectious, and people with Aids are represented as threatening
rather than threatened.

From such lazy talk of an 'Aids virus' it is an easy slip to the notion of an '
Aids carrier,' thus establishing a frame of reference which immediately brings
the entire cultural legacy of contagion and 'plague' into operation. At this
point a second condensation takes place, this time collapsing together the quite
distinct meanings of infectious and contagious disease. HIV and Aids are treated
as if they were both contagious conditions, and hence universally threatening.
However much people are assured that they cannot catch Aids via casual contact,
the implication remains that Aids can indeed be 'caught,' which of course it
cannot, as a syndrome of over 24 distinct conditions.

The connotations of possible miasmatic contagion however lead on inexorably to
the third major term of the rhetoric - the notion of an 'Aids test.' By this
time, the medical misinformation implicit in the notion of an 'Aids virus' has
taken on seriously misleading social implications via the image of 'Aids
carriers,' and the idea of an 'Aids test' is involved as a simultaneously
medical and political solution to a 'problem' which has been carefully
established, regardless of any epidemiological or sociological evidence
concerning real and pressing needs for more effective Aids education, and
funding.

The test in question should always be referred to by its correct name, the HIV
antibody test. This at least would ensure that its meaning could not so easily
be recruited to sinister and fundamentally ill-informed non-medical purposes.
Everyone should understand that the HIV antibody test merely reveals the
presence, or otherwise, of antibodies produced in response to HIV infection. It
does not indicate whether an individual will go on to develop neurological
damage, or an ARC, or Aids. Nor does it specify which symptoms might eventually
emerge, let alone when.

Above all else we should appreciate that its entire meaning is contingent on the
fact that antibodies are not necessarily produced for anything up to a year or
more after infection has taken place. Hence the need to understand the
distinction between initial infection, and the eventual production of
antibodies, known as 'seroconversion.' For it is precisely this potentially
gaping 'window of uncertainty,' as it was described by the third report of the
Social Services Committee of the House of Commons in May, which undermines any
question of advancing mandatory testing as an effective preventative remedy for
the spread of HIV infection.

This is not to conclude that individuals should not take the HIV antibody test,
but to insist that it must always be subject to informed consent. We should
understand that in the United States the majority of gay men quietly and
stoically assume that they are HIV positive, and 'Safer Sex' has been all but
universal for many years.

Yet none of this has begun to dawn on the vast majority of British media
commentators, who continue to press for what they persistently and wilfully
misdescribe as the 'Aids test.' It is thus hardly surprising that the red
herring of testing increasingly dominates public perceptions of Aids.

The dramatic irony remains that we know a great deal about the modes of
transmission of HIV infection, and by far the most encouraging information in
recent months concerns the infection rate among gay men in the United States,
which has now fallen to below 1 per cent in both New York and San Francisco. The
adoption of Safer Sex by millions of individual gay men has however gone all but
unnoticed.

HIV will only spread according to the routes we allow it. Since monogamy per se
is no defence against HIV, this requires an enlargement rather than a
restriction of our understanding and practice of sex. HIV is no more a respecter
of persons than any other virus. Yet most media commentators seem actively to
side with HIV in what they perceive as its purposive mission to cleanse the
entire planet of black African, intravenous drug users, workers in the sex
industry, the 'promiscuous', and above all gay men. All that these groups share
is an initial vulnerability to the particular modes of HIV transmission, but it
was their position before Aids which continues to determine their subsequent
evaluation as its putative cause.

Hence we may begin to understand the widespread tendency to distinguish between
supposedly 'innocent' and supposedly 'guilty' people with Aids, all effectively
silenced and imprisoned within the pernicious category of the 'victim.' The
'innocence' at stake here concerns the supposedly 'natural' world of pure and
uncontaminated heterosexuality. The powerful notion of 'high-risk groups' only
reinforces this picture, while imputing notions of active danger rather than
vulnerability to the communities which have been living through this epidemic
since the early 1980s, and which until recently were responsible for all aspects
of public Aids information and education.

It is as if Aids were being used to justify a massive act of collective social
amnesia concerning the findings of the Kinsey Report, together with the ordinary
unavoidable and intrinsically unremarkable fact of human sexual diversity. Hence
Aids is almost invariably read as nature's way of telling us something, or words
to that effect. But as Mary Douglas the anthropologist and others remind us,
'nature' in such pronouncements is always a cultural and ultimately political
construct.

Up till now there have been 'about' 50,000 cases of Aids in the US, with another
300,000 people with ARCs, and in all probability at least a million infected
with HIV. In the face of such statistics it is imperative to establish that
there is a long time-delay factor for most people between seroconversion and
their first presenting symptoms of serious ill-health.

The majority of people with Aids today were infected by HIV anything up to ten
years ago. This means that even when the rate of HIV infection is falling as
dramatically as in the gay communities of the United States, cases of
neurological disease, ARCs and Aids will continue to spiral upwards for at least
another decade. Unless the full significance of this time-delay factor between
HIV and Aids is grasped, statistics can mean little beyond a gruesome
abstraction. Yet the worst epidemiological predictions can still be made to come
untrue if we can only emulate the experience and maturity of American gay men.
Indeed, the only measure of the success of effective Aids education today will
come in the Aids figures of the late 1990s.

HIV is a new disease, and it requires new funding and new strategies of
long-term support in relation to the vast numbers of people living with the day
to day threat of ARCs and Aids hanging over them. It is in this respect a
completely unprecedented situation. The public shaming of people with Aids, and
their friends and lovers and families evidences levels of barbarism in
contemporary Britain which it would be foolish and naive to ignore.

The National Aids Trust, which was launched with such tremendous fanfares of
publicity way back in May has still to appoint an executive director and despite
Robert Maxwell's donation of pounds 1/2 million has done precisely nothing in
the past five months. There is still no central database in the UK concerning
either the international situation or British initiatives. Organisations like
the Terrence Higgins Trust in the voluntary sector are still struggling along
without secure long-term funding structures or any central co-ordination.

At the same time the News Of The World feels free to ask its readers whether '
Aids carriers' should be sterilised (March 1, 1987), while the Sunday Mirror in
turn asks its readers whether 'Gays deserve Aids' and if 'Everyone should have
compulsory Aids tests' (February 15, 1987). That only 24 per cent and 26 per
cent respectively agreed with the last two propositions is slightly encouraging.

But the agenda-setting goes on, and as the statistics rise, the media industry
remains locked firmly into a pro-testing position, with the Sunday Times stating
'Everyone should take the Aids test' (June 21, 1987) and the Observer similarly
declaring 'Why we should test' (July 19, 1987) with the Independent trailing
along obediently behind the rest (April 27, 1987). To its credit, only the
Guardian has consistently opposed the policy of mandatory testing.

Instead of facing a painful and complex reality, we have taken refuge and solace
in the most sordid and squalid campaign of bigotry and scapegoating which this
country has seen since the heyday of Mosleyite enthusiasm.

Simon Watney is Senior Lecturer in Communications at the Polytechnic of Central
London. He has worked extensively in the voluntary sector of Aids education in
Britain and the United States, and is the author of Policing Desire:
Pornography, Aids and the Media, to be published by Methuen next month.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                             785 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 5, 1995, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

NEIGHBORHOOD REPORT: WEST VILLAGE/CHELSEA;
In Stolen Briefcase, a Mother's Loss

BYLINE: By MONTE WILLIAMS

SECTION: Section 13;  Page 8;  Column 1;  The City Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 527 words


The items stolen recently from the trunk of Beverly Rotter's 1994 Ford Escort
carried little street value. It's doubtful that Ms. Rotter's organizer and
telephone book, some letters from women whose children have died of AIDS and
about 100 buttons and 50 caps inscribed with the words "Mothers March Against
AIDS" would finance even a fleeting high.

But to Ms. Rotter, the mother of Iris De La Cruz, the advocate for AIDS causes
who died in May 1991, these objects were priceless. "How can you put a value on
a year's worth of work?" she asked the other day.

The loss of the articles from her dark blue automobile, which had been parked on
Greenwich Street in the West Village for less than two hours, is complicating
Ms. Rotter's dream of staging an AIDS awareness demonstration by mothers who
have lost children to the virus.

Ms. Rotter's only daughter, Iris, struggled with AIDS for four years before she
died at the age of 37. Several years before AIDS was diagnosed, Ms. De La Cruz
had overcome an addiction to drugs, which had led her to prostitution.

"That was in another life," Ms. Rotter said. "Iris had turned her life around."

Iris De La Cruz taught AIDS prevention, started support groups for people
suffering from the disease and wrote a column for the AIDS Coalition's Newsline.
An AIDS counseling center for women, Iris House, named after Ms. De La Cruz,
opened in East Harlem in fall 1993.

Since her daughter's death, Ms. Rotter has become active in AIDS causes herself.
The Mothers March Against AIDS evolved from a conversation she had with a
Congressman about a year ago.

"He said, 'Why are you bothering with AIDS? Only certain people get AIDS,' "
recalled Ms. Rotter, who refused to identify the legislator.

"At the march," she said, "we'll be carrying pictures of our children, putting a
human face on AIDS, and showing the world our children don't deserve to die."

The march, which Ms. Rotter said she hoped would draw 5,000 mothers, is
scheduled for May 7 in Washington. But the theft, which occured between 6 and
7:30 P.M. on Feb. 22, is a serious setback.

"I searched garbage cans in the area, but I didn't find anything," Ms. Rotter
said. "Now I'll have to call up everyone I think I had an appointment with and
try to figure it out. I hope that mothers who don't hear from me will get a hold
of me. I hope they don't think the march is not on."

Ms. Rotter said she did not have enough money to replace the buttons and hats,
but she would reprint about 100 purloined invitations to a March 28 fund-raising
auction at Christie's East.

Ms. Rotter, a resident of Sheepshead Bay, says the theft marks the third time in
three years that her car has been broken into in the West Village. She reported
this latest incident to police in the Sixth Precinct.

"Car break-ins are a big problem in our area for two reasons," said Mike Singer,
one of the precinct's community affairs officers. "We have a lot of people
coming in from out of town, especially New Jersey, and they leave items in plain
view. Plus, after we arrest people for breaking into cars, a day or two later,
they're back on the street."   M.W.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Beverly Rotter, right, at a meeting at the People With AIDS
Coalition. (G. Paul Burnett/The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             786 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  August 7, 1994, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Japan May Have to Face Up to AIDS

BYLINE: By ANDREW POLLACK,   Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 18;  Column 1;  Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 1365 words

DATELINE: YOKOHAMA, Japan, Aug. 6


It might not seem unusual that Toshihiro Oishi, a 25-year-old gay man, is
infected with the virus that causes AIDS. What makes Mr. Oishi unusual is that
he is one of only four people in Japan to have ever publicly admitted being
infected.

"Most people can't even tell their close family members or neighbors," said Mr.
Oishi, explaining that AIDS patients and virus carriers in Japan fear
discrimination, social ostracism and the loss of their jobs. Most hospitals in
Japan refuse to treat people infected with the virus, he said.

But Mr. Oishi hopes things are about to change. Starting Sunday, this port city
outside Tokyo will be host to the 10th International Conference on AIDS, the
major annual gathering of scientists and others involved in research, prevention
and treatment of the disease.

AIDS Explosion in Asia

This year's conference is the first to be held in Asia and will call attention
to what health officials call the "explosive" spread of AIDS in places like
Thailand and India. Asia is expected to have 10 million infected people by the
year 2000 and will become the center of the epidemic, surpassing Africa in the
number of new infections each year, according to the World Health Organization.

But for Japan itself, an insular country that has had fewer than 800 reported
cases of AIDS, the conference will mean coming face to face with a disease that
many people here have regarded as a problem only for foreigners.

Advocates for AIDS patients and public health officials hope that the conference
will prove a catalyst for change, showing the Japanese that AIDS exists in their
country and is spreading, and forcing the Government to improve its programs for
prevention and treatment.

An Appeal to Hotels

Indeed, with the eyes of the world on Japan, the Government is trying to avoid
embarrassments such as occurred last October when Alexander Martin, an American
playwright with AIDS, was denied accommodation by18 Tokyo hotels.

The Ministry of Health and Welfare has appealed to hotels, restaurants and
hospitals in Yokohama not to reject those infected by the human immunodeficiency
virus, or H.I.V., who are expected to make up about 1,000 of the 10,000 people
attending the conference.

The Yokohama city government distributed a videotape to hotels that explains
that it is not possible to get AIDS by handling the luggage of infected people,
by serving them in restaurants or by cleaning their rooms. The city also printed
200,000 brochures about AIDS and sent one to every home, restaurant and shop in
the vicinity of the convention center.

Japan decided to be host to the conference about four years ago, in part to
highlight its research on AIDS and to show that it was helping to solve the
world's problems, not just focusing on its own economic growth. Much of Japan's
AIDS-related research involves basic virology; there are not enough AIDS
patients here to do much testing of potential new treatments.

In the last couple of years it has become clear AIDS is spreading faster in Asia
than anywhere else. So the fact that this is the first conference in Asia has
been emphasized as a justification for holding the meeting here.

Few Reported AIDS Cases

As of the end of June, Japan has had only 764 reported AIDS, including people
who have died. By contrast, the United States, with twice the population of
Japan, has had about 402,000 reported cases as of the end of June, according to
the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.

Japan has only 3,075 reported cases of H.I.V. infection, although many experts
estimate there may actually be as many as 20,000 to 30,000 cases that have not
been reported, including people who have not been tested.

Experts say the incidence of AIDS is low because the country is somewhat
isolated and drug abuse is rare. In addition, with the birth control pill banned
for health reasons, condoms are the most common method of birth control.

About 60 percent of the AIDS patients and H.I.V. carriers in Japan are
hemophiliacs, who until 1985 were treated with contaminated blood clotting
products imported from the United States.

Government Is Being Sued

About 40 percent of Japan's hemophiliacs are infected with H.I.V., and about 160
victims or their survivors are suing the Government and Japanese pharmaceutical
companies. They say the United States began heat-treating blood products to kill
the AIDS virus as early as 1983, but Japan's Government and companies ignored
the risks and did not change to heat-treated blood products until mid-1985.

The Government and the companies say that the risk of untreated blood was not
clear at the time and that treated blood products could not be used without
first being tested for safety and efficacy.

But since 1985, no new people have been infected by blood products and the
growth in Japan's AIDS population has come largely through heterosexual contact.
At first the highest prevalence was among foreign women, many from Southeast
Asia, who work in Japan as prostitutes. But last year, the new cases reported
among Japanese men exceeded the new cases among foreign women, although that
could be because some prostitutes, worried about the attention to AIDS, are no
longer seeking testing or treatment.

Experts say the number of patients will continue to grow steadily, but they do
not expect an explosion because people are being told to protect themselves. "We
are 5 or 10 years behind the United States in terms of the AIDS epidemic, so we
can learn much from your country," said Takashi Kurimura, a professor at Osaka
University.

Hospitals Refuse the Infected

But the relative scarcity of cases has made it difficult for those who do get
the disease. Most hospitals refuse to accept infected people, saying they lack
the knowledge or the protective procedures. There is no specific law requiring
hospitals to accept AIDS patients, though there is a general law that doctors
should not turn away patients.

AIDS campaigners suspect the hospitals are afraid that if they are known to be
treating AIDS patients, other people will stay away. The Government has asked
that two hospitals in each prefecture, Japan's equivalent of a state, be
designated as AIDS treatment centers, but so far only 8 of 47 prefectures have
complied.

In a few cases, people say they have been fired when their employers found out
they were infected. When Noriyasu Akase, a hemophiliac who has since died of
AIDS, became the first person in Japan to publicly admit he had the disease, his
wife was fired from her job as a nurse, said Mary Gotoh, executive secretary of
the Japan H.I.V. Center, a private volunteer organization. Mrs. Akase found new
jobs and was fired six more times after her employers learned who her husband
was.

Some AIDS patients say they are afraid to use health insurance because their
employers might find out about their condition. Most companies have no policy
for dealing with employees with AIDS.

To be sure, there has been sympathy for those with AIDS. The city of Yokohama
hoped to find 30 volunteers to work at the AIDS conference, but 375 people
applied.

Reflection of Japanese Society

Dr. Naoko Yamamoto, an official in the Infectious Diseases Control Division of
the Ministry of Health and Welfare, said that what some critics see as
shortcomings of Japan's AIDS policy are instead reflections of Japanese society.

The fact that Japanese do not tell others that they have AIDS might not be
because of discrimination but because Japanese people in general do not talk
about personal matters in public. Indeed, people do not readily admit to having
cancer, and Japanese doctors sometimes don't tell patients when they have that
disease.

Dr. Yamamoto, who is the spokeswoman for the AIDS conference, said that last
year Japan increased its national budget for AIDS programs fivefold to about
$100 million. And while the emphasis had been on education, it is now shifting
toward treatment. Still, she said, there is room for improvement.

"This is not our graduation examination," Dr. Yamamoto said. "This is just a
starting point. We are going to use this conference to change society."

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             787 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                      June 13, 1994, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Quebeckers face legal aid cuts; Staff layoffs, office closings proposed

BYLINE: FRANCINE DUBE; CITIZEN

SECTION: CITYLIFE; Pg. B1


Proposed cuts to legal aid in Quebec will close local legal aid offices, lay off
lawyers and force rural residents to travel hundreds of kilometres for legal
help, say Outaouais legal aid officials.

Accepting the cuts would mean closing legal aid offices in Campbell's Bay,
Maniwaki, Aylmer, Buckingham and Gatineau, they say, with operations
consolidated in Hull. As many as eight lawyers and several support staff might
have to be fired.

Clients now face waits of up to six weeks, but that could easily stretch into
two months if the proposed cuts are made, Pierrette Dupont-Rousse, general
director of Outaouais Legal Aid, said Sunday.

The province has asked Outaouais Legal Aid to chop $ 550,000 from its annual
operating budget of $ 6.3 million, which includes an estimated $ 1.4 million
that goes to lawyers in private practice who take on legal aid cases.

Unlike Ontario, where private lawyers handle all legal aid cases, about 70 per
cent of legal aid cases in the Outaouais are handled by legal aid lawyers who
are paid $ 30,000 to $ 70,000 a year. The average salary, says Dupont-Rousse, is
$ 55,000.

Legal aid is also under fire in Ontario. The Law Society of Upper Canada is so
strapped for cash that plans are in the works to drop coverage of most civil
cases, uncontested divorces and other major areas of family law.

The president of the board for Outaouais Legal Aid said Sunday the 30 permanent
legal-aid lawyers in the region are already working full tilt. Each one handles
428 cases a year.

"It's considered that the most a lawyer can handle in a year is 400, so they're
doing overtime all the time, which they aren't paid for because they're on a
flat salary, said Gilles Trahan.

Legal-aid lawyer Paul-Henri Babin, who runs the Gatineau legal aid office
staffed by four lawyers, said many of his clients are too poor to afford a car.
They won't be able to afford transportation into Hull for legal help. He doesn't
know where the cuts might leave him.

"Does it mean I will be moved to Hull? I don't know. Some of the younger ones
might lose their jobs.

"All the small towns would be left without legal aid offices, said Trahan.
"These small offices are needed if you're going to have legal aid doing the job
it's intended to do. When you haven't got a buck you can't travel from Fort
Coulonge to Hull.

Dupont-Rousse said the cuts have taken lawyers by surprise because Quebec's
legal aid system is cheap when compared to other provinces. Figures from the
Canadian Centre for Justice Statistics show per capita spending on legal aid is
$ 15 in Quebec and $ 27 in Ontario.

Update

The issue: The future of legal aid in Quebec.

What happened: Quebec is cutting back on legal aid across the province.
Virtually all legal aid offices in outlying regions of the Outaouais will be
closed. Some clients will have to travel hundreds of kilometres for legal help.
Lawyers and support staff may have to be fired.

What's next: Lawyers are trying to convince the government to back down on
cutbacks.



LOAD-DATE: June 14, 1994

LENGTH: 509 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1994 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             788 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 18, 1992, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Asian AIDS Cases Soon to Pass Africa's

SECTION: Section A; Page 26; Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 568 words


To the Editor:

Your Nov. 8 special report on AIDS in Asia predicts that reported cases in Asia
will multiply in the millions, and the reputation of AIDS as a gay disease will
be forgotten. There is, unfortunately, a growing trend to scapegoat gay people
as the principal carriers of this disease.

Recently, China attributed a jump in AIDS cases to drug addiction, prostitution
and homosexuality. A recent gay Asian regional conference held in the
Philippines had its conference site changed when the hotel owners realized AIDS
was a principal topic. In Japan, where AIDS cases through homosexual
transmission is almost double that of heterosexual transmission, new Government
pamphlets on human immunodeficiency virus awareness do not directly address the
gay population. There is a prevailing notion that AIDS is a result of the gay
liberation movement, and any educational materials directed to gays may only
increase the AIDS caseload.

The World Health Organization's AIDS surveillance report notes homosexual and
bisexual AIDS cases represent 50 percent to 75 percent of the cases in
Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, Hong Kong, Malaysia, French Polynesia, New
Caledonia and the Philippines.

You speculate that Asian governments have not responded to the AIDS crisis
because of fears of offending local standards, of driving away international
investors, local denial or plain ignorance of the problem's seriousness. These
reasons let many countries off the hook much too easily. Their ruling parties
and elites know full well what AIDS is, and their health ministers have attended
many world AIDS conferences.

For the less developed and poorer Asian countries, AIDS is inextricably linked
to poverty, and if these governments, many of them corrupt, have not addressed
basic health issues of their poor before AIDS, there is little reason they will
address this disease now. Thailand is the sole exception with its Government
backing a successful H.I.V. education program. With more than 35 countries in
the region and 25 of these countries reporting H.I.V. and AIDS cases, W.H.O.
predicts cumulative AIDS cases in the region will exceed Africa's by the year
2000.

You end by citing how the lingering denial of AIDS in Asian countries will have
catastrophic effects on their economies when significant numbers of the work
force succumb to the disease. In this global economy, the United States, Japan
and Western European nations have significant investments, manufacturing plants
and factories in Asia. California alone has a $40 billion yearly trade with
Asia.

The economic health and well-being of Asia has profound effects on the Western
nations and Japan, and our own denial is exemplified by an absence of sharing
resources and experiences in combatting AIDS.

For the second year in a row, the San Francisco AIDS surveillance unit has
recorded a decline in the number of reported Asian Pacific Islander AIDS cases,
reflecting the same decline as that of the white gay male population. Culturally
sensitive and gay-positive educational materials, early intervention and testing
and sexual behavior changes have been responsible for this decline. Replicating
and sharing these programs in Asia will be one invaluable step in helping to
stem an AIDS epidemic there.

JOHN L. SILVA
Exec. Dir., Community HIV Project
Gay Asian Pacific Alliance
San Francisco, Nov. 12, 1992

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             789 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 November 8, 1992, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Edge of the Chasm -- AIDS Comes to Asia/A special report.;
After Years of Denial, Asia Faces Scourge of AIDS

BYLINE: By PHILIP SHENON,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 1; Column 2; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 3105 words

DATELINE: BANGKOK, Thailand, Nov. 7


AIDS came relatively late to most of Asia, but it is now spreading so rapidly --
and so randomly -- that scientists are convinced that AIDS will kill more people
on this continent than on any other.

Conservative estimates suggest that by the end of the decade, the AIDS virus
will infect more than one million Asians each year, more than in the rest of the
world combined.

Some researchers fear that the infection rate in Asia will be closer to three
million or four million a year, and that tens of millions of Asians will become
infected and die of AIDS during the next two decades. Reliable projections
indicate that at least 10 million Asians will be infected by the virus that
causes AIDS by the year 2000.

It is a plague, they say, that threatens some of Asia's miracle economies and
could condemn other, less fortunate Asian nations to another generation of
grinding poverty, as their governments struggle to care for the millions of
people who are now destined to become ill and die.

The World Health Organization warned in a report this year that H.I.V., the
virus that causes AIDS, may be spreading in some Asian nations at a rate close
to that found in the early 1980's across sub-Saharan Africa.

In the worst-hit nations of Africa, one-quarter to one-third of all adults in
urban areas are believed to be infected with the AIDS virus. Researchers say
that while the percentage of Asians afflicted with AIDS will never reach levels
that large -- even in India and Thailand, where the crisis is most severe -- the
AIDS death toll will be far higher in Asia given the continent's total
population of about 3 billion people, versus 700 million in Africa.

AIDS has begun to reach even the most remote corners of Asia. It can now be
found in tiny Nepalese villages nestled in the Himalayas, just as it is found in
the gaudy neon-lit brothels of Bangkok and Seoul. And it is beginning to afflict
Asian men and women in equal numbers.

In Asia, AIDS is usually spread by Asian-to-Asian heterosexual contact.
According to the World Health Organization, more than three-quarters of all
H.I.V. infections now develop from heterosexual encounters. The other major
forms of transmission, it says, are sharing dirty needles between intravenous
drug users and sex between men.

"My boss told me AIDS wasn't a problem because I was a woman," said Marta, a
22-year-old Filipino who was working as a prostitute in Manila when she learned
last year that she had contracted the AIDS virus.

"The boss was lying -- he said AIDS would only kill the homosexuals and the
foreigners," she said. "I always tried to make the foreign customers wear
condoms. Usually they would."

Fears for a 2-Year-Old Child

Although death may be several years off, Marta has returned to her native home
in central Luzon province, where she is raising a 2-year-old daughter. "I don't
know if she has AIDS," she said, nodding to the giggling child who, Marta fears,
may have contracted AIDS in the womb. "I am too scared to have her tested."

Researchers say that as Asians begin dying by the millions, AIDS will soon lose
its reputation among many people on the continent as a scourge affecting only
foreign places and people -- Africa, the Caribbean, homosexual men and
intravenous drug users in the United States.

"Nobody will be talking about AIDS as the African disease or as the gay
disease," said Don L. Douglas of the Program for Appropriate Technology in
Health, an American nonprofit group that leads AIDS education projects across
Asia. "In 10 years time, it will be seen as Asia's disease."

What discourages and infuriates many AIDS specialists is that Asian governments,
with the notable exception of Thailand and a few others, are doing little to
control it.

'Mr. Condom' Program in Thailand

"The situation in Asian countries is far more serious than most governments will
admit," said Mechai Viravaidya, who until last month ran the Thai Government's
aggressive anti-AIDS program and is known to millions of Thais as "Mr. Condom"
because of his campaigns to promote condom use to stop AIDS. Some Asian
governments, he said, are "lying about the problem" -- they have evidence or at
least a strong suspicion that AIDS is spreading rapidly across the continent,
but will not warn the public.

There is no one cause for their reticence. Some governments in Asia seem to fear
that they will frighten away investment and tourists by publicizing the AIDS
threat. Others worry that an open discussion of how AIDS is spread will offend
local standards of morality and taste; still others seem blind to how serious
the problem might be.

Michael H. Merson, director of the World Health Organization's Global Program on
AIDS, said the AIDS epidemic was threatening to overwhelm Asian governments and
health care systems and could, in some nations, wipe out the most productive
elements of the labor force.

"The economic future of some Asian nations is at stake," Dr. Merson said. "In
Asia, millions of people will get AIDS and millions of people will die, and the
economic strain on these Asian governments is going to be incredible."

The Epidemic
Little Testing, Much Ignorance

In most Asian nations, no one knows how far AIDS has spread. Few nations carry
out comprehensive testing for H.I.V. Yet when testing is done, the results can
be nightmarish, as Government health officials here in Thailand have discovered.

The Thai Government now estimates that 200,000 to 400,000 people, of a
population of 58 million, are infected with the AIDS virus. According to the
Government, those numbers could rise to two million to four million, or as much
as 6 percent of the Thai population, by the end of the decade.

In some brothels in the northern Thai city of Chiang Mai, health workers say, 70
percent of the prostitutes carry the virus, and many of them routinely see 10 to
20 men a day.

"I always carry a condom," said a 20-year-old Bangkok university student as he
tapped the sole of his shoe with a pencil and slowly eyed a group of young women
seated in front of him behind a piece of glass that stretched from floor to
ceiling. "I always use a condom if the girl looks like she has been too wild
with other customers," he said. "If she looks very innocent, sometimes I don't."

Each of the prostitutes wears a small plastic tag with a number, allowing
customers to choose a companion simply by writing the number on a small notepad
that is then handed to the mamasan, or madam.

According to the World Health Organization, more than one million people in
India, out of a population of 860 million, are now infected with the AIDS virus
-- more than in all of Europe and about as many as in the United States. Yet
only in recent months has the Indian Government started to act.

In Bombay, where nearly a third of the city's estimated 100,000 prostitutes are
thought to be infected, the first clinic for anonymous AIDS testing opened weeks
ago.

'Total Denial' Seen in India

"The Government and the medical community have been in total denial," said Dr.
I. S. Gilada, a founder of the Indian Health Organization, who leads teams of
health workers on raids of Bombay's brothels. They force their way into the
brothels armed with bullhorns and fistfuls of condoms.

Dr. Gilada's organization projects that 20 million to 50 million Indians will be
infected with H.I.V. by the year 2000. "India will be devastated," he said.

In Vietnam, Cambodia and Myanmar, formerly Burma, government anti-AIDS programs
are small and ineffective. Apart from abstinence, condoms are regarded as the
best method of preventing sexual transmission of AIDS, yet in Myanmar they are
often in short supply and too expensive.

Myanmar is one of the poorest nations of Asia, and the average laborer earns
less than $1 a day, making the purchase of a 30-cent condom a luxury that most
Burmese cannot afford. The World Health Organization estimates that there are
now more than 100,000 people infected with H.I.V. in Myanmar, out of a
population of 40 million.

Researchers say they believe that the number of Chinese infected with H.I.V. is
much higher than the official figure released by the Government, which claims
that only about 1,000 Chinese out of a population of 1.1 billion people carry
the virus that causes AIDS. Because of intravenous drug use in China's southern
provinces, H.I.V. infections are said to be growing at an explosive rate.

In Japan, about 2,400 people are reported by the Government to have the AIDS
virus, most of them hemophiliacs infected through blood transfusions. But
Japanese researchers believe the number of Japanese infected by H.I.V. is
several times larger.

Because the incubation period for AIDS can be a decade or more, relatively few
Asians have died of the disease so far and it remains, for most Asian nations,
an invisible threat. Although there are no reliable figures on the death toll in
Asia, it is thought to be less than 15,000 so far.

But the complacency of Asian Governments is bound to be shattered if, as
scientists predict, Asians now carrying the virus begin dying from AIDS at a
rate that could reach a million each year.

In some of Asia's more conservative and custom-bound nations, officials have
been reluctant to acknowledge the AIDS threat and, when they do, cultural taboos
about sex and disease can often stifle AIDS education.

In Malaysia, where 4,000 H.I.V. infections have already been confirmed, schools
have reportedly refused in recent weeks to show a video on AIDS prevention
because it included a single still photograph of a couple kissing. In the tiny
island nation of Maldives, condoms can be sold only to married couples.

In Asia's poorest countries, government officials ignore AIDS because they are
overwhelmed by more basic problems of finding enough food and shelter for their
people.

Although the Philippine Government estimates that 30,000 Filipinos now carry the
AIDS virus -- and many believe that number is far too low -- the AIDS office
within the Health Ministry has such a small budget it does not even have its own
telephone.

The Crisis
More Deaths Than War

If the AIDS specialists are right, it is not all that difficult to imagine that
AIDS will kill more Cambodians than did the Khmer Rouge, the Maoist guerrillas
who were responsible for an estimated one million deaths in the 1970's.

In Phnom Penh, the capital, the broad, tree-shaded boulevards and ochre villas
are a reminder of the days of French colonial rule in this nation of 7 million.
But this lovely city on the banks of the Mekong River has become a microcosm of
the AIDS crisis in Asia, a case study of how quickly the virus will spread if
nothing is done.

Until last year, Cambodia was largely sealed off from its neighbors because of a
civil war that began in 1978. A United Nations peace settlement, reached late
last year, ended the nation's isolation and brought a torrent of foreigners and
thousands of United Nations peacekeeping troops. They were met on the streets of
Phnom Penh by hundreds of prostitutes who had left their impoverished villages
in search of work in the capital.

A three-story brothel, called Thai Royal Massage, opened this fall, staffed by
ethnic Vietnamese women and decorated with strands of flickering Christmas
lights and advertising posters for an American beer company. But most brothels
here are simple wooden structures, roofed with tin, with one or two rooms in the
back outfitted with cots or bamboo mats.

'I Do Not Worry'

The prostitutes sit on sun-faded benches in front of the shacks, waiting for
business. On one sultry October evening, two Land Cruisers marked in large black
letters "U.N." were parked outside one of the brothels.

"I think one of my friends has AIDS, and she is in the back with a customer
now," said Berh Hay, a prostitute who said she was 18 and from Ho Chi Mihn City,
the southern city that many still called Saigon.

"She does not worry," Miss Berh Hay said. "I do not worry. We take medicines, so
I don't think it matters if the men have AIDS. The medicine will kill the AIDS."
Told that there is no medicine that can kill AIDS, and that AIDS is always
fatal, Miss Berh Hay shrugged. "All that matters is enough food to eat," she
said.

If a customer requests a condom, Miss Berh Hay's brothel will sell one for the
equivalent of about 20 cents. Most customers, she said, do not ask.

Dr. Jean-Paul H. Menu, the Phnom Penh representative of the World Health
Organization, said the Government did not have the money for an AIDS prevention
program so he has begun delivering boxes of free condoms to the brothels. The
brothels in turn sell the condoms to customers.

The only reliable indicator for the spread of AIDS in Cambodia comes from a
volunteer blood bank in Phnom Penh, which tests blood samples for the AIDS
virus. In 1991, only three of more than 1,000 samples tested was infected with
H.I.V. So far in 1992, 27 blood samples have tested positive.

The Cost
The Thais Get Serious

The epidemic that is only now taking shape in Cambodia has been killing Thais
for nearly a decade. Here in Bangkok, many Thais come each year to die on the
third floor of the Bamras Naradul Hospital.

The AIDS ward is divided into two areas, separated by hallway that is perfumed
with jasmine blossoms, which patients' families leave as offerings on a small
Buddhist altar.

On one side of the hallway are 20 men undergoing the early treatment of AIDS. "I
began visiting prostitutes when I was 13," said one patient, Dun, a 25-year-old
garage mechanic who, under terms set by the hospital to protect the anonymity of
AIDS patients, would give only a nickname to a visitor.

"Sometimes I would wear condoms," he said weakly, clutching at a white bed sheet
that prevented a visitor from seeing the scarlet lesions that he said have begun
appearing on his chest and legs. "If I had been drinking whisky, I didn't use a
condom. I think that's how I got AIDS."

On the other side of the hall are eight men who are so ill that they are
expected to die within days, or hours. One patient, an emaciated 38-year-old
whose nickname is Guy, was momentarily coherent.

"I never used clean needles, never," said Guy, a drug addict who believes he
acquired AIDS while injecting heroin from a dirty needle. Above his head was a
small golden figure of the Buddha, a reminder of the expectation of earthly
suffering. "I look forward to my death, because it will end the pain," he said
in a whisper.

Brothel visits for many Thai men are as common as stopping for a beer after work
or playing a round of golf. Studies show that on any given day, hundreds of
thousands of Thais visit a prostitute. Male promiscuity in Thailand carries with
it few social strictures found elsewhere. But this promiscuity also carries a
heavy cost: hundreds of thousands of heterosexual Thai men are now thought to be
carrying the AIDS virus, and many are already passing the infection on to their
wives, girlfriends and unborn children.

Anand Panyarachun, a former diplomat who took office as Prime Minister after a
1991 coup, appointed himself head of the government's anti-AIDS program and
doubled its budget to about $48 million this year. The Thai program that is one
of the largest in the developing world and is considered a model for its
neighbors. As a result of the Government's campaign, studies show, the use of
condoms in brothels has risen from 10 percent three years ago to 90 percent.

The Thai Government is also one of the few in Asia to try to determine how its
economy will be affected by the AIDS crisis. Survey results released last March
showed that as much as $9 billion, the equivalent to one-seventh of Thailand's
gross national product, would be lost to the Thai economy by the end of the
century as young, productive laborers grow ill and seek medical treatment at
government expense. The report said that medical treatment for one AIDS patient
costs about $1,000 a year, roughly two-thirds what the average Thai worker
earns.

The Denial
'Don't Worry About AIDS'

It is not only in the poor countries of Asia where official inaction and
ignorance about AIDS transmission are fueling the epidemic.

The AIDS crisis has so far not scared off tens of thousands of Japanese men who
each year join "sex tours," which take them to the brothels of Thailand and
other Southeast Asian nations. Scientists reported this month that at least six
Japanese men had been infected with a strain of H.I.V. commonly found among Thai
prostitutes.

The tiny, prosperous city-state of Singapore has one of Asia's most effective
AIDS education programs. Yet a recent informal survey by its largest newspaper
found that only half of Singaporeans interviewed at an AIDS awareness exhibition
were aware how the virus was spread.

In Indonesia, which has 180 million people and is the fourth most populous
nation in the world, the Government says it has detected fewer than 80 cases of
H.I.V. infection.

Dr. Gandung Hartono, who leads the national AIDS program, said that because
Indonesia is a largely Muslim nation, it has been difficult for the Government
to promote the use of condoms. Muslim clerics, he says, "always think I'm
promoting prostitution when I talk about condoms."

Islam as Ally in AIDS Battle

Yet it is Islam, Dr. Hartono said, that has helped save Indonesia from the sort
of AIDS crisis that is now afflicting its neighbors -- Muslim teachings promote
faithful marriages and discourage drug abuse.

And no matter how strong the influence of Islam, it usually takes only a short
stroll through any large Indonesian city to find a brothel, and sometimes dozens
of them, where sex without condoms is the rule.

In Surabaya, the steamy seaport in eastern Java that is Indonesia's
second-largest city, every cab driver knows the neighborhood called Dolly, where
scores of shabby brothels are lined up one against the other.

"Mamasan tells girls to use condoms," said Mary Christin, the 50-year-old
manager of one brothel, which is named Paradise but has little to distinguish it
from every other bar and brothel in the neighborhood.

"There is no AIDS here," she said, pulling a group of stiff white cards from her
desk, one for each of the dozen young prostitutes who work in Paradise. The
cards purport to show how many times each woman has been tested for the AIDS
virus.

"Don't worry about AIDS," said one of the prostitutes, a 19-year-old who gave
her name as Cat. "Most of our clients are Asians, and AIDS is a disease of you
foreigners. We Asians do not have to worry."

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Phnom Penh, Cambodia's capital, has become a microcosm of the
AIDS crisis in Asia. The Government does not have money to support an AIDS
prevention program and health workers say that all the elements necessary for an
epidemic in the city are in place. Prostitutes and prospective clients met in
the city's red-light district. (Ira Chaplain for The New York Times) (pg. 12)

Graph/Map: "AIDS Hot Spots in Asia" - Map of Asia, indicating various countries
and occurance of AIDS in those nations. Graph tracks estimated and projected
annual adult H.I.V. infections, for North America, Asia and Africa, 1980-2000
(pg. 12)

TYPE: Special Report

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             790 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                      July 19, 1992, Sunday, FINAL EDITION

APATHY ABOUT AIDS; Heading into the world AIDS summit, experts say complacency
is the biggest roadblock to gettin the explosive disease under control. They
trace some of the malaise to the epidemic's mind-numbing statistics that after a
decade have l

BYLINE: MIKE WOODS; SCRIPPS HOWARD NEWS SERVICE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B5

DATELINE: AMSTERDAM


Constantly battling to wrest land from the greedy North Sea, Holland celebrates
one of its heroes with a monument in the nearby city of Haarlem.

It honors the fabled Little Dutch Boy, who plugged a leaking dike with his
finger, and stayed the flood all night until help arrived in the morning.

To the world's experts on AIDS, gathering here this week for a global summit
meeting, fears of inundation have been a constant companion since the epidemic
was first recognized in 1981.

And the fears continue even as scientists learn more of the terrible truth about
human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), which damages the body's immune system and
causes acquired immunodeficiency syndrome. There is, for instance, growing
recognitionthat:

*

HIV mutates into so many different substrains that scientists have virtually
given up hope for rapid development of a vaccine to prevent infection. Many
believe there never will be a single vaccine that prevents AIDS in the way
thatthe Salk and Sabin vaccines prevent polio.

*

Rapid mutation of the virus will make the development of anti-AIDS drugs far
more difficult than once believed. When HIV reproduces inside cells, it
manufacturers drug-resistant mutants that are immune to drug therapy.

*

Although the epidemic of HIV infection and AIDS shows signs of reaching a
plateau in North America, it continues to expand rapidly in other parts of the
world.

Yet some of the deepest concerns at this Eighth International Conference on AIDS
involve inundation by what experts see as a growing wave of complacency and
apathy about the disease.

"More than 10 years after AIDS was discovered, global vulnerability to further
spread of the pandemic is increasing," said Dr. Jonathan Mann, co-chairman of
the conference.

"The gap between lagging national and international efforts against AIDS and the
expanding pandemic is widening rapidly and dangerously and a new global strategy
for the 1990s is urgently needed."

Mann, who is a professor of international health at Harvard University, sees the
conference as critical for renewing and bolstering efforts against AIDS.

About 10,000 people from 125 countries are expected to participate in the
sessions, which open today.

The week-long meeting will include about 5,000 scientific reports on the
disease. These will range from fundamental new insights into how the virus
causes AIDS to progress toward development of new drugs for treating the
disease.

Mann said that the 1992 theme -- A World United Against AIDS -- was picked to
emphasize the need for renewed global commitment and cooperation on AIDS.

Experts trace some of the malaise about AIDS to the mind-numbing statistics on
the epidemic that after a decade lose their ability to shock the public.

In Canada, a cumulative total of 6,116 AIDS cases and 3,746 known deaths have
been reported as of this April, according to Health and Welfare Canada.
Thousands more carry the virus.

In the United States, the toll is 318,000 AIDS cases and 141,000 deaths.

Barring a cure or a new flare-up in infections, the AIDS situation in North
America could approach a "steady-state" condition. The number of AIDS patients
would remain constant each year, with the number of deaths would about offset
the numberof new cases.

But the world situation is dramatically different.

A new study from Harvard, describes a global epidemic that is accelerating "with
astounding rapidity" and spreading into new regions once largely untouched by
AIDS.

When the first cases of AIDS were diagnosed in 1981, only about 100,000 people
were believed infected with HIV worldwide, according to the study. By early 1992
the virus had spread to about 13 million people, among them seven million men,
fivemillion women and a million children. About 2.6 million of the infected
people have already developed AIDS, and 2.5 million have died.

But the AIDS virus is spreading so fast that by 1995, an additional 5.7 million
adults and 1.1 million children will be infected. Projections to the year 2000
indicate a steadily worsening situation, with up to 110 million adults and 10
millionchildren infected with HIV.

More than 70 per cent of the infections will be in the developing countries of
Asia and sub-Sahara Africa where virtually no money is available to control
HIV's spread or provide treatment.

Likewise, the Harvard report notes that an "explosion" of AIDS has occurred in
southeast Asia, Thailand, Burma and India.

International assistance has not kept pace with the increases. Industrialized
countries provided the World Health Organization with less than $ 50 million for
AIDS work in 1991. That was a 40-per-cent drop from 1990, the first such decline
since thehealth organization began battling AIDS.

"We are at a critical juncture in the global confrontation with AIDS," Mann
said. "Unless the national and global response remains dynamic, the pandemic
will remain ahead of our efforts."

Vaccines offer perhaps the best hope for quelling the epidemic.jl AIDS vaccines
are in the very early stages of human tests, called clinical trials. The tests
focus on determining the vaccine's toxicity, and gathering preliminary
information about its ability to induce immunity. The vaccines had arelatively
weak effect in stimulating the body's defences against HIV.

Scientists hope that AIDS vaccines may eventually serve a dual purpose. Some
would be preventive vaccines, protecting healthy people from infection with HIV.
Others would be therapeutic vaccines, used to delay the onset of full-blown AIDS
in peoplewho carry the virus.

(With files from Citizen staff)


LOAD-DATE: July 25, 1992

LENGTH: 943 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: File photo/ Several AIDS vaccines are in the very early stages of human
tests

Knight-Ridder Tribune/ AIDS infection worldwide

               Copyright 1992 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             791 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                       April 27, 1992, Monday, 1* EDITION

Coping with AIDS' step-by-step death

BYLINE: REBECCA WIGOD; VANSUN

SECTION:  Pg. B3

LENGTH: 888 words


Through the steel-rimmed glasses he wears by habit and for protection, British
Columbia's best-known AIDS patient addressed the crowd at a recent AIDS
Vancouver benefit.

"I'm blind now," said the man universally known as Dr. Peter, "but I don't like
to think of it quite that way. I like to think I've gone from the world of
television to the world of radio."

The remark - so gentle and accepting, where others might show such anger - was
received with admiring laughter.

That same week, Pat Horsfield, the director of Vancouver's newest residence for
AIDS patients, had a conversation about diapers with a supplier.

"We use cloth diapers," she said, turning to a reporter. "They're much softer
than disposables."

Blindness, fecal incontinence. These are but two features of AIDS today. A
disease that once snuffed lives like candles, it now lets its victims live for
two years or more while their bodies deteriorate system by system.

With more drugs and better management, AIDS has become a chronic disease.

"Used to be you made a diagnosis of AIDS in a guy and, in eight months,
unfortunately, he was dead," said Dr. Alastair MacLeod, chairman of the St.
Paul's Hospital HIV care team, which has treated 700 AIDS patients.

AIDS, said MacLeod, "has gone from an acute, dramatic proposition to a chronic,
drawn-out, multi-organ-failure situation."

"It is now more comparable to geriatrics than it is to an intensive-care unit.
You'll have things like homes for the elderly full of 40-year-old people."

That is happening at Normandy Hospital, a privately owned geriatric facility on
Vancouver's west side. Recognizing the similarity of today's AIDS care to the
care it gives its elderly residents, its management has opened an AIDS unit.

Director Horsfield said that by funding an initial 10 beds in the 20-bed unit,
the health ministry has finally recognized the multitude of problems these young
people have.

AIDS is still a ruthless killer. Said Dr. Michael Rekart, B.C.'s director of
sexually transmitted disease control: "Once you get the infection, you're going
to get AIDS. And once you get AIDS, you're going to die."

But medical advances have slowed this grisly trajectory.

Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia, the infection that once lay in wait for AIDS
sufferers, picking them off as their immune systems deteriorated, is no longer
the same deadly marksman.

A new generation of drugs keeps PCP at bay.

So AIDS patients live on. As their immune systems crumble, the damage is
recorded in falling helper lymphocyte counts.

(A person's helper lymphocyte count, also called a CD4 count, is within the
normal range when it is between 430 and 1,300.)

Long-term survivors of AIDS, like Dr. Peter, warn others with the disease
against "getting wrapped up in numbers" and panicking at minor variations in the
various tallies their doctors give them.

But Dr. Peter Phillips, a member of the St. Paul's team who treats the
infections accompanying AIDS, said that, as indicators of when certain
infections can strike, the numbers don't lie.

A slightly compromised immune system allows minor HIV-related incidents to
surface: shingles, night sweats, oral thrush (candidiasis).

When a person's CD4 count dips below 250, PCP becomes a risk. And when the count
drops below 100 or 50, a new mass of infections rears its Gorgon-like head.

There is CMV retinitis, which leads to blindness. There is myobacterium avium
complex (MAC), a cousin of tuberculosis. There is toxoplasmosis, an infection
that can produce brain abscesses.

"Infections like PCP are still very important," said Phillips, "but other
infections, such as MAC and CMV retinitis, are becoming more important now than
they were a few years ago."

At St. Paul's, he noted, "the numbers of new cases of CMV retinitis have
outstripped our facilities to handle them in medical day care."

For Dr. Peter, the infection caused blindness to encroach over a period of a
year. His vision gradually shrank until it was no wider than a peephole.

Try as he might, he could not imagine what total blindness would be like - until
it came.

Other AIDS patients who are losing their sight equate blindness to the end of
life. But Dr. Peter stands before crowds of onlookers and gently jokes.

He offers hope that a new, more benign incarnation of AIDS may be just around
the corner.

Said Stephen Williams, an educator with AIDS Vancouver: "It might be likely that
HIV will become like diabetes, with something you take every day to keep it
under control."

Asked to evaluate this claim, Phillips rhymed off the similarities that
currently exist between diabetes and AIDS.

"It's a chronic disease. It requires regular follow-up and long-term use of
medications, and there are a number of complications that may or may not
develop."

But many people with diabetes live into old age, while AIDS patients are robbed
of that pleasure.

AIDS is different because it is still fatal.

TUESDAY: A Canadian AIDS researcher says cutting-edge treatment for HIV-positive
patients is available right here in Vancouver. But AIDS activists complain
clinical trials throw patients into a cruel game of "Russian roulette."

Also: Vancouver's two biggest AIDS organizations join forces later this year to
battle the deadly disease.


LOAD-DATE: April 27, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Living with AIDS

GRAPHIC: Dr. Peter

               Copyright 1992 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             792 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 19, 1989, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Bitter Harvest: AIDS and the Arts

BYLINE: By MICHAEL KIMMELMAN

SECTION: Section 2; Page 1, Column 1; Arts and Leisure Desk

LENGTH: 2929 words


It would hardly be an exaggeration to describe American culture in the late
1980's as art in the era of AIDS. Art has confronted AIDS the way people
confront AIDS - with fear, anger, sorrow, defiance and confusion. In a country
that idolizes youth and health, AIDS has struck at the very heart of the
American self-image. Art about AIDS reveals something raw in the American soul.

That art has illuminated our capacity as a nation to be both self-absorbed and
also selfless; it exposes the cruel barriers we erect between healthy and sick,
rich and poor. Human suffering has inspired some of our greatest art, but in the
midst of a crisis, traditional judgments of quality seem less important. Indeed,
the terms in which discussions about culture and AIDS have been cast are
unusually and resolutely pragmatic - essentially, not what AIDS does for art but
what art can do about AIDS.

The body of work in the performing and visual arts that refers specifically to
AIDS is growing exponentially. It ranges from Larry Kramer's impassioned play
''The Normal Heart'' to the quietly moving Names Project quilt that is like a
giant field of cloth tombstones; from the late photographer Robert
Mapplethorpe's self-portrait with a skull's-head walking stick to Ross
Bleckner's metaphorical and eerie paintings of shields and starry skies; from
the television movie ''Intimate Contact'' to ''Beirut,'' Alan Bowne's
nightmarish fantasy play; from a poster by the activist artists' group Gran
Fury, declaring ''With 42,000 Dead, Art Is Not Enough,'' to Masami Teraoka's
deceptively elegant watercolors in the style of ukiyo-e prints. Cancer kills
more people but has engendered virtually no art. One must struggle to think of
an art form that has not been affected by AIDS.

Many artists have seen it as their duty to rouse Americans, especially those
who, when it comes to AIDS, might prefer to sit passively by. This is a country
that prides itself on compassion but prefers the sick to die unobtrusively. In
response to the discrimination and indifference that people with AIDS have
repeatedly encountered, artists have called on Americans to live up to their
stated ideals. Not surprisingly, these efforts have often revealed the
limitations of art in guiding a society's conscience.

The crisis has not always brought forth the best from our artists and cultural
leaders. AIDS is increasingly an affliction of poor people and minorities, but
artists still treat it principally in terms of middle-class white men. Even
those television dramas that have tried to deal seriously with the issue tend to
shy away from the demographic facts, preferring as their central characters
hemophiliac children infected through blood transfusions. The film industry has
so far demonstrated an almost complete lack of interest, with references to AIDS
primarily limited to movies shocking for their callousness and cruelty.

The artistic response to the crisis cannot be measured simply by compiling all
the work that is explicitly about the pandemic. AIDS has become so familiar a
part of life in the 80's that artists need not even refer to it by name for
their audiences to understand the allusion. Across the cultural spectrum, a new
wariness toward sex has certainly been influenced by AIDS. Often it is the very
absence of a reference to AIDS that can be most telling.

The art about AIDS that has emerged since the syndrome was first diagnosed in
1981, but especially over the last five years, has not been concerned simply
with loss, although much of it arises from grief. It is complex in its
motivations, various in its manifestations. The Black Plague that swept through
Europe during the 14th century could be justified as an act of God by a large
proportion of the population, and the body of works commissioned by the church
to explain it to the faithful is among the great cultural legacies of the Middle
Ages. But many people no longer accept religious explanations. AIDS has inspired
collective doubt, and the art reflects this ambivalence.

Because AIDS polarizes people, because it reinforces prejudices and hatreds, the
artistic reaction to it has, first and foremost, focused on dichotomies -
healthy and sick, gay and straight, us and them.

Nicholas Nixon, whose photographs of people with AIDS were shown late last year
at the Museum of Modern Art in New York and are now at the Museum of Fine Arts
in Boston, shows how the line between us and them can be drawn all too clearly.
Mr. Nixon chronicled in several series of photographs the final months in the
lives of AIDS patients, graphically illustrating their progressive deterioration
and eventual death. Certainly the artist meant for his viewers to feel pain when
looking at these portraits of gaunt people, so reminiscent of Nazi concentration
camp inmates. Certainly the intention was to elicit sympathy, to give touching
human form to a baffling medical issue, to incite outrage at the affliction's
devastating results.

But just as certainly, the artist makes people with AIDS look like freaks, like
sickly, helpless ''victims,'' in the most fatalistic sense of the word.
Particularly because Mr. Nixon's presence as the artist is always implicit in
these carefully orchestrated images, the subjects seem that much more removed
from the viewer's world. Mr. Nixon's photographs - and similarly, a few of the
photographs of people with AIDS by Rosalind Solomon that were shown at New York
University's Grey Gallery last year - underscore the differences between ''us,''
the uninfected onlookers, and ''them.''

Epidemics are a horrible but familiar part of biological history. Yet because
AIDS happened to enter this country and spread most rapidly among gay men and
intravenous drug users, the syndrome immediately came to be viewed by many as
moral retribution for sin, supplanting leprosy and cancer as the most socially
abhorrent affliction (''AIDS has banalized cancer,'' Susan Sontag observed in
her new book, ''AIDS and Its Metaphors'').

Laying Bare Ungenerous Impulses

In this context, Mr. Nixon's sensationalistic pictures sent out a grim message.
They confirmed that people with AIDS were indeed different, that they were, in
fact, barely still human. They summoned up that part of the American soul that
is least generous to the least fortunate.

But what is the alternative? Pictures by two other photographers, Neal Rantoul
and Tom McGovern, demonstrate that an opposite tack is hardly better. Each
depicts what appear to be healthy, attractive men and women - people who are
just like ''us.'' If Mr. Nixon's photographs frighten away viewers, these could
lull them into feeling that AIDS is less significant than they had thought. Or
put in the more explicitly functional terms that characterize the discourse on
AIDS and culture: Mr. Nixon's photographs may be potent and well-crafted images,
but of what benefit are they to people with AIDS?

One of the more sensitive variations on the ''us versus them'' theme comes from
Ann Meredith, whose depictions of women with AIDS are now on view at the New
Museum of Contemporary Art in New York. Like Barbara Kruger, among others, Ms.
Meredith explores the relationship between image and text. Accompanying her
portraits are statements from the subjects and statistics about AIDS. Presenting
women with their children, on the beach and on the street, at home as well as in
the hospital, these pictures do not announce illness, but the texts insist there
is more to these portraits than what we see. Ms. Meredith's use of language
allows her to walk a subtle line between Mr. Nixon's macabre photographs and the
ambiguous pictures by Mr. Rantoul or Mr. McGovern.

Ms. Meredith's photographs are also an exception to the rule that AIDS-related
art deals with the plight of gay men. By portraying heterosexual mothers, both
white and black, poor and middle class, infected from their husbands or through
intravenous drug use, Ms. Meredith's works suggest that no one can afford to be
complacent about AIDS.

Demographics Change, But the Art Does Not

Whether in a play like last year's ''Zero Positive'' by Harry Kondoleon or a
television movie like ''An Early Frost,'' AIDS has been portrayed mostly as a
problem confined to gay men, reinforcing perceptions of AIDS as a ''gay plague''
and of the arts community as predominantly gay. Distressingly few works of art
have addressed themselves to the increasing numbers of blacks and Latinos, the
women and drug addicts also stricken. AIDS is becoming predominantly a crisis
among poor people, but it would be impossible to know this from the cultural
response. The pandemic's demographics may be changing rapidly, but the art about
AIDS does not.

For middle-class whites to paint a canvas or write a play aimed at poor blacks
or Latinos might not be particularly effective. Such works of art might best
arise from within the black and Latino communities. Or at least they might come
from artists, including pop musicians, who frequently reach minority
populations. But perhaps for commercial reasons or for fear of altering
carefully cultivated public images, these artists have been leery of the
subject.

One of the exceptions is ''Ojos Que No Ven'' (''Eyes That Fail to See''). A
video produced for the Latino AIDS Project as a kind of soap opera addressed
specifically to Chicanos in the San Francisco Bay area, it speaks literally and
metaphorically in a language familiar to the targeted audience. Like many of the
videos produced in response to AIDS, ''Ojos Que No Ven'' is full of practical
information about safe sex, clean needles and AIDS testing, but it weaves its
news into a drama.

TV Prefers 'Innocent' Victims

Yet another exception to the rule that AIDS art is about gay men is a television
movie like this year's ''Ryan White Story'' on ABC, about a boy ostracized by
neighbors and schoolmates because he has AIDS. But while it does provide a
different perspective, ''The Ryan White Story'' illustrates the way commercial
television typically deals with highly charged subjects. Rather than situating a
black woman or a gay man or a drug addict as the key figure in a drama, network
executives have tended to prefer white hemophiliac children, a relatively small
group within the affected population. Steering clear of explosive issues like
gay rights or free needles for drug addicts, producers of television dramas have
preferred ''innocent'' AIDS victims.

This has been the case despite the example of ''An Early Frost,'' a
conscientious tear-jerker that, as it happened, drew a large audience when it
was broadcast on NBC in 1985. It cast Aidan Quinn as a gay man with AIDS hoping
to regain the love of a disapproving father. The plight of Mr. Quinn's
character, a young lawyer from Chicago, became increasingly poignant after
friends and family members turned their backs and hospital nurses refused to
treat him. Although the show received several Emmy award nominations, the
networks attempted nothing like it again.

Indeed, when gay men with AIDS have appeared in other TV shows, the results have
sometimes been horrific. An episode of NBC's ''Midnight Caller'' outraged AIDS
activists by turning a bisexual man into a murderer, who intentionally spread
the virus through sex with unsuspecting women.

Hollywood has hardly been more sensitive or realistic. Many recent films may
seem to be affected by AIDS and its chilling effect on sexuality. Lina
Wertmuller is working on a movie about the pandemic. But major American studios
have yet to produce a film specifically on the topic. Among the few movies to
refer to AIDS, the recently released ''Heart of Midnight'' includes the
character of a child molester who dies of it, and in ''Troma's War,'' a
grotesque film that means to be comic, a man with AIDS, covered with lesions,
tries to infect women held hostage by a band of neo-Nazis.

How Activists Fight Back

Much of the early art about AIDS, during the mid-1980's, took an elegiac or
documentary approach. But, increasingly, artists have responded to
fear-mongering in things like ''Troma's War'' by adopting a stridently militant
tone (the filming of ''Midnight Caller'' in San Francisco was frequently
interrupted by public demonstrations). Many artists now see their role not
simply as public mourner but as political activist reacting to a government and
a populace still uninformed and unconcerned.

Activists have, in part, focused their attention on reshaping the language of
AIDS, so much of it fatalistic and moralizing and alarmist, and they have tried
to promote a vocabulary that is both more accurate and more sympathetic to
sufferers.

They have concentrated on art forms that can reach the largest audiences. A
visitor to an exhibition of art about AIDS now at the University Gallery of Ohio
State University in Columbus sees only a few easel paintings among the dozens of
handbills and photographs and treatises. The heart of the show lies in the
dozens of hours of videotaped dramas and instructional presentations. Many of
the films were also shown as part of ''AIDS Media: Counter-Representations,'' at
the Whitney Museum of American Art in Manhattan earlier this year.) As have
other activists, AIDS activists have questioned the efficacy of displaying work
in traditional cultural institutions like museums and galleries, where artists
preach mostly to the converted. They have condemned some of the memorializing
material as too passive. AIDS activists design and distribute posters and flyers
(stickers and buttons declaring that ''Silence-Death'' can be seen all over New
York and other cities), fashion store-window displays and organize
demonstrations. They insist that artists are not helpless, that their
contribution to the fight against AIDS need not be limited to elegies and fund
raisers.

That idea animates Gran Fury, an artists' collective whose members belong to Act
Up (AIDS Coalition to Unleash Power). Gran Fury's approach is typified by a
canvas that appropriates the format of Robert Indiana's quintessentially 60's
''LOVE'' painting to display the single word ''RIOT.''

It is, at the same time, a response to a work by the group General Idea in which
the word ''AIDS'' was made to fit Mr. Indiana's scheme, seeming to suggest the
spiritual distance between the 1960's and the 1980's. But whereas General Idea's
work is somewhat oblique, Gran Fury means to be straightforward. Its stridency
can be shocking in the context of an art scene dominated by painters who speak
only in cool, ironical tones.

Gran Fury's approach contrasts with Ross Bleckner's latest paintings of what
appear to be starry skies, or, perhaps, malignant cells. Mr. Bleckner has said
his works are in part inspired by AIDS. They are complex and hauntingly
beautiful in execution. But they look muted as a response to the crisis. Mr.
Bleckner presents not precisely elegies but sleek and self-conscious evocations
of elegiac art from the past. His paintings say as much about elegance as about
their ostensible subject.

Activist art about AIDS leaves no doubt about its intended message. It can be
frighteningly dictatorial in its refusal to allow alternative responses to a
problem. Like other agitprop, it can be condescending in its simple-mindedness,
even counterproductive in its eagerness to provoke. Chances are that, like
political art from the 1960's, it will last principally as the relic of an era.
But most of these works don't pretend to be great art in the way traditional art
historians use that phrase. To be heard above a roar of misinformation and in
the face of so much indifference, shouting may be necessary. The goal is not to
produce museum masterpieces but to save lives, by whatever means at an artist's
disposal.

Humor As a Catharsis

Counter to what the activists sometimes contend, there is, of course, no reason
why an art about AIDS must be limited to either Mr. Bleckner's kind of work or
to Gran Fury's. Some of the most inspiring art has been slight. ''The AIDS
Show'' is a series of sketches staged by Theater Rhinoceros in San Francisco,
many of them comic. Some of the performers have AIDS and by their presence they
seem to insist that coming down with the syndrome does not mean giving up
laughter. Humor can be both cathartic and inspirational. Humor helped William W.
Hoffman's otherwise heart-wrenching play, ''As Is,'' win a 1985 Obie Award and
receive several Tony nominations. Mr. Teraoki's watercolors succeed in part
because they are both didactic and funny. Art about AIDS need not be somber.

Nor must it be specifically about AIDS to put us in mind of the crisis.
Ultimately, a compilation of AIDS art may include not only works about the
pandemic but also works that have been affected by it. In the wariness toward
sex that ''Burn This'' and ''Frankie and Johnnie in the Clair de Lune'' express,
both could be called AIDS plays. ''Eastern Standard,'' ''The Heidi Chronicles''
and ''Gus and Al'' are three plays currently on New York stages that make at
least oblique references to the pandemic. A movie like the remake of ''The Fly''
has even been construed as a metaphor about AIDS.

For now the central issue isn't what will last and what will disappear. ''We
don't need a cultural renaissance,'' declared Douglas Crimp, an activist and art
critic, in a recent issue of the journal October that was devoted to AIDS. ''We
need cultural practices actively participating in the struggle against AIDS. We
don't need to transcend the epidemic; we need to end it.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos of Kevin Conroy and Peter Frechette in ''Eastern Standard''
(Gerry Goodstein); Nicholas Nixon's ''Tom Moran'' (Zabriskie Gallery); Judith
Light and Lukas Haas in ABC's ''Ryan White Story'' (pg. 10; in Larry Kramer's
''Normal Heart,'' D. W. Moffett portrays an AIDS victim (Martha Swope); Ben
Gassara and Aidan Quinn in NBC's ''Early Frost'' (pg. 6)

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                             793 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 3, 1987, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

KEY WORLD HEALTH OFFICIAL WARNS OF EPIDEMIC OF PREJUDICE ON AIDS

BYLINE: By LAWRENCE K. ALTMAN, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1162 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 2


The director of the World Health Organization's AIDS program declared today that
the global epidemic had entered a stage in which prejudice about race, religion,
social class and nationality was spreading as fast as the virus.

''We are witnessing a rising wave of stigmatization: against Westerners in Asia,
against Africans in Europe, of homosexuals, of prostitutes, of hemophiliacs, of
recipients of blood transfusions,'' the official, Dr. Jonathan Mann, told the
Third International Conference on AIDS. He said fears of AIDS had become ''a
direct threat to free travel between countries'' and to international exchange
and communication.

Dr. Mann's agency says such efforts as screening international travelers will
not help to slow the spread of AIDS. It says these expensive measures detract
from the main need: to use education to control the AIDS epidemic.

But the effort to screen various groups routinely for the AIDS virus has
considerable political support. The Senate voted overwhelmingly today to require
immigrants to be tested for the virus, and Mayor Koch of New York said he
favored tests for tourists and international business travelers. However,
Federal officials said many problems would have to be solved before carrying out
the tests. [Page B8.] In his remarks, Dr. Mann described the first stage of
acquired immune deficiency syndrome as a silent and unnoticed epidemic that
occurred in the mid- to late-1970's, when the virus was insidiously spreading in
many countries before doctors recognized its existence in 1981.

He said the second stage of epidemic was the emergence of the fatal disease,
which does not occur until several years after infection with the virus.

The newest stage, he said, is the economic, social, political and cultural
reaction and response to AIDS cases and infections with the virus.

''AIDS came on rapidly, but will not be controlled rapidly,'' Dr. Mann said. He
added that the cost of containing the epidemic and coping with its toll would be
in the billions of dollars, although he could not be more specific.

Estimate on U.S. Toll

Another speaker at the conference, Dr. James Curran, head of the AIDS program at
the Federal Centers for Disease Control, in Atlanta, estimated that one in 30
American men between the ages of 20 and 50 carried the AIDS virus. This is
consistent with the center's previously announced estimate that roughly 1.5
million people in the United States were infected with the virus.

The World Health Organization, a Geneva-based agency of the United Nations,
estimates that as many as 10 million people worldwide are infected with the AIDS
virus. The agency has mounted an expanding campaign to help scores of countries
in Africa and elsewhere educate their people about AIDS risks, establish blood
testing laboratories and take other preventive measures.

It is also promoting international sharing of data on the disease, while other
international aid agencies are also joining the battle. But experts agree that
the epidemic is not likely to be contained unless governments mobilize their
health and education systems to a far greater degree than they have so far.

Next January in London, Britain and the World Health Organization will
co-sponsor a world Summit of Ministers of Health in an effort to build global
consensus about necessary measures.

In some cities of Africa, 10 percent or more of pregnant women are infected with
the AIDS virus, Dr. Mann said, adding that many of them are giving birth to
infants who develop the disease. In those areas, he said, ''AIDS-related infant
mortality may be greater than the total infant mortality rate from all causes in
many industrialized countries.''

Dr. S. I. Okware, who heads the AIDS control program in Uganda, called on the
world to help Africa ''catch up with'' the virus that causes AIDS.

Dr. Okware said the first cases in Uganda were suspected in 1982 among local
businessmen who were also smugglers in Kasensero, a small isolated fishing
village on Lake Victoria. ''When they died it was believed to be some sort of
natural justice against the illicit trade they were engaged in,'' Dr. Okware
said. Attitudes began to change after some of their spouses died. Survivors fled
to other towns. More of them died and panic grew as the disease moved about 50
miles a year until it struck Kampala, the capital.

Although many studies have shown that heterosexual intercourse is the main means
by which AIDS is spread in Africa, ''wishful thinking'' among many Ugandans is
that AIDS is spread by mosquitoes, Dr Okware said.

Such a pattern of spread is unlikely, he went on, because ''it would not explain
why mosquitoes should selectively bite sexual partners, prostitutes'' while
sparing children and the elderly.

Long-distance truckers are spreading AIDS infection as they travel across the
trans-African highway through Uganda to the sea. One survey found that 33
percent of long-distance truck drivers from several neighboring countries were
infected with the AIDS virus.

''Yet at each truck-stopping station, these drivers have temporary attachments
to the local women,'' Dr. Okware said.

Effort to Educate Public

Health workers, religious leaders and schoolteachers in Uganda are being called
on to take part in a campaign to educate people on how to avoid AIDS. Dr. Okware
said that they are posting signs with a farming metaphor of ''zero grazing'' to
limit the number of sexual partners.

While in Africa roughly equal numbers of men and women have been struck by AIDS,
in the United States most victims so far have been homosexual men or intravenous
drug users. The AIDS virus spreads through sexual intercourse or by blood, as in
shared hypodermic syringes or from mother to fetus.

Dr. Curran, of the Centers for Disease Control, said an analysis of recent AIDS
trends had shown that the United States Public Health Service's earlier
projections of the toll of AIDS in the United States were right on target. Those
projections foresaw 270,000 cases by the end of 1991.

Intravenous drug users, who are at high risk of developing AIDS, are the chief
source of the spread of the AIDS virus heterosexually in the United States, Dr.
Curran said.

''Never before has intravenous drug abuse played such a central role in an
epidemic,'' Dr. Curran said.

Rising Role in Premature Deaths

By 1991, Dr. Curran said, AIDS will become the third or fourth most common cause
of ''years of potential life lost'' among all Americans, and second for all
American men. In 1984, AIDS ranked thirteenth and in 1986 eighth in this measure
of premature deaths.

A special concern, Dr. Curran said, is the danger of a major increase in AIDS
among babies born to women who carry the AIDS virus. Although ''the United
States is relatively spared the pediatric AIDS epidemic compared to Africa,''
Dr. Curran said, the potential for more pediatric cases to develop in this
country has ''alarming implications.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Dr. James Curan, head of AIDS program at Centers for Disease
Control (AP) (page B8)

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             794 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              February 24, 1987, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

AIDS IN THE WORKPLACE: DISRUPTIONS GROWING

BYLINE: By THOMAS MORGAN

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1760 words


The number of cases of AIDS and AIDS-related diseases has caused increasing
confusion and disruption in New York City's work force. Employers and employees
are reacting to AIDS victims in ways ranging from support and financial
assistance to ostracism and dismissal.

Last year, when Griffin Gold, a Manhattan real-estate agent, told his Greenwich
Village employer that he had AIDS-related complex, a form of AIDS that may not
result in death, a secretary in another office of the company threatened to quit
unless Mr. Gold was dismissed.

Mr. Gold said other workers complained about using the same lavatory he used,
and the fears of employees did not subside until his employer distributed
literature explaining that AIDS was not transmitted by casual contact.

Tucker Ashworth's experience was somewhat better.

Mr. Ashworth, director of public affairs for the New York City Planning
Department, was hospitalized several months ago with an AIDS-related illness.
But the city allowed him to continue to work, answering questions about his
agency from his hospital bed. Mr. Ashworth's hours are flexible and fellow
workers are sympathetic to his efforts to keep working.

''I want people to know that people with AIDS can still work,'' said Mr.
Ashworth, who has also served as deputy press secretary for the state's Urban
Development Corporation. He was diagnosed about a year ago as having an illness
linked to acquired immune deficiency syndrome.

''Work is so important because so many people define their lives by what they
do,'' Mr. Ashworth said. ''If you can work, you continue to have a sense of
worth, and you can continue your life.''

Both Mr. Ashworth and Mr. Gold say their employers have been supportive. But
incidents in which AIDS patients are encouraged to quit and to apply for
disability payments have been more common, according to business consultants,
several employers and employees.

''When we call employers and ask them if they believe they are justified in
terminating the employment of a person with AIDS, they tell us yes, they do,''
said Keith O'Connor, director of the city's AIDS Discrimination Unit, which
investigates discrimination complaints. ''The boss says to us, 'Yeah, he has
AIDS and we don't want him here.'

''But people with AIDS have a disability which is included in the New York State
Human Rights Law. It's against the law to discriminate against people with a
disability.''

Joseph Noel Levert, 48, a city welfare caseworker who has AIDS, said he found
discrimination within his union as well.

An official of the Social Services Employees Union, Local 371, told him, Mr.
Levert said, that the union could not offer the same dental care to AIDS
sufferers that it did to other members.

Mr. Levert has complained to the AIDS Discrimination Unit of the city's Human
Rights Commission. Officials of the union, which has disseminated AIDS education
information to its members, have declined to comment.

'I Don't Look Sick'

''I felt discriminated against,'' Mr. Levert said. ''The dentist has been taking
precautions, using gloves and masks for everyone for some time now. I told him
of my illness out of courtesy. I don't look sick. If I had kept my mouth shut
about this, the dentist never would have known.''

Several business executives and lawyers say that fear of AIDS extends to
homosexuals, who have been affected statistically more than any other group,
even as medical authorities believe that the incidence of the disease among
heterosexuals is increasing.

Health officials say AIDS and AIDS-related complex are not respecters of
occupations. The disease has been reported among a host of occupations,
including investment bankers, doctors and journalists. It is simply more
noticeable in some occupations, because homosexuals in those fields tend to be
more open about their lives.

City statistics support the claim of increasing discrimination. Katie Taylor,
supervisor of the AIDS Discrimination Unit, said that last year the agency
received 314 complaints of AIDS-related discrimination. In 1983 there were three
complaints. #9,000 Afflicted in City In New York City, where almost a third of
the AIDS cases reported in the country are centered, 9,000 residents have been
diagnosed as having the disease since officials starting keeping records in
1981. More than half the victims have been a part of the city's work force.

The remaining AIDS sufferers have been indiscriminate intravenous drug users.
They now account for 34 percent of the cases, the city's Health Department says,
and are generally not considered a part of the work force.

''Given the number of people who have been exposed to the AIDS virus, it's
unlikely that there is any medium-size or large company in the country that does
not have its fair proportion of infected employees,'' said George Zeppenfeldt,
president of Corporate Health Care Planning, a New York business consulting
concern that has held ''AIDS in the Workplace'' forums in New York City.

Business executives, corporate medical officers and union officials are
attending AIDS workshops to help them confront the legal, ethical and medical
questions raised by the disease.

At these forums they discuss employees' rights to confidentiality, whether an
employee with the disease can be discharged or put on disability and whether
employees who do not have the disease can be ordered to work with someone who
does. The question of medical risks is discussed.

Costs Hard to Determine

Management experts, insurance officials and health-care professionals say the
costs of AIDS in the work force in New York City are difficult to determine.
Employers and unions are not required to give information about AIDS-related
expenses, and health insurance and disability claims filed by employees and
completed by doctors often mask an AIDS diagnosis.

''The problems that an employer faces are first the direct out-of-pocket costs
in disability, life insurance and medical costs,'' said Dr. Leon J. Warshaw,
executive director of the New York Business Group on Health, which represents
about 300 businesses. ''What is not measurable is the impact of disabled
employees on lost productivity, absenteeism, retraining costs and the
refurbishing of lost skills.

''These are difficult enough in a large organization and are a tremendous burden
on a small one.

The impact of AIDS is perhaps most visible in small, creative design companies
and in the performing arts, where many people in high-risk groups work. Design
executives, artists and performers say that AIDS has devastated their ranks,
wiping out highly talented young people who are difficult to replace and
severely affecting the morale and creativity in the workplace. The disease is
the leading cause of death in New York among young men between the ages of 25
and 44 and women between 25 and 29, city health officials say.

''People in what is perhaps the most important growth period in their lives are
dying in significant numbers,'' said R. A. Radley, national director of the
Design and Interior Furnishing Foundation for AIDS, a group of interior
designers, architects and interior furnishing manufacturers who raise money for
AIDS research. ''I know of 11-person firms that have lost two or three people.
There has been a tremendous loss in every aspect of creative professions.''

Other observers concur. Frank Meyer, managing editor of the show business weekly
Variety, said the number of obituary listings attributed to AIDS was increasing.

Dr. Warshaw said some corporations in New York had had as many as 10 cases
already. ''Companies are being secretive about it,'' he said. ''Many are doing a
good job of keeping up with the problem and are hesitant about going public with
policy statements on AIDS. In some instances, they are thinking about customer
or shareholder reactions.''

Insurance a Problem

But companies are not the only ones concerned about stigmas.

Some young single men and women who work for very small concerns or who are
self-employed are finding it difficult to get individual health and life
insurance if insurance companies believe they fit into categories that are
considered at high risk to get AIDS.

''About 85 to 90 percent of the workers in New York are covered by group
insurance plans,'' said John Dineen, a spokesman for the Health Insurance
Association of America. ''But when you get down to individual policies,
insurance companies want to test for the virus, and if the tests turn up
positive, then you've got hard choices to make whether to accept someone for
coverage.''

Compulsory testing for exposure to the AIDS virus remains a matter of debate
among insurance industry officials and homosexual rights proponents and civil
libertarians.

The insurers say that to operate successfully, they need to know who the greater
risks are. Rights groups say that insurance companies seek to deny insurance to
a group of people who may not develop AIDS, even though they have been exposed
to the virus.

''In New York, you have a high number of self-employed people, freelance
writers, people in computer software businesses, artists, actors and dancers,
most of whom will have difficulty getting insurance,'' said Thomas Stoddard,
spokesman for Lambda Legal Defense, a homosexual rights organization.

City officials and others are concerned about the continuing fear of AIDS in
work environments, even though unions and businesses have sponsored AIDS
education programs.

Work Stoppage Threatened

Dr. Thomas Doyle, assistant vice president and chief medical officer for
Consolidated Edison, said the utility faced a potential work stoppage in one of
its maintenance shops last year when a small group of workers demanded that a
co-worker whose brother had died of AIDS be removed from the shop.

The workers learned of the brother's death through a newspaper obituary that
mentioned AIDS. They wanted their co-worker to leave, even though he was well
and did not live with the man who died.

''We had to send a supervisor and a medical officer to talk to them and explain
how the disease is transmitted before they were satisfied,'' said Dr. Doyle, who
believes about 5 of the 21,000 Consolidated Edison employees have contracted
AIDS.

''The thing that everybody says over and over is that education makes a big
difference and that's true,'' said Ms. Taylor, the AIDS Discrimination Unit
supervisor. ''The same way that education helps to deter the transmission of the
virus, it also helps to deter discrimination-related problems.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Tucker Ashworth (NYT/Vic DeLucia)

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             795 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 27, 1986, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

AIDS NEEDS MEDICAL, NOT EMOTIONAL SOLUTIONS

SECTION: Section A; Page 26, Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 394 words


To the Editor:

Even William F. Buckley Jr.'s much-admired supercilious tone cannot hide his
failure to explore in depth the basic facts of AIDS transmission. In ''Crucial
Steps in Combating the AIDS Epidemic: Identify All the Carriers'' (Op-Ed, March
18), Mr. Buckley's political positions regarding testing for acquired immune
deficiency syndrome are rendered meaningless by his apparent unfamiliarity with
viral transmission, seroconversion and antibody testing. Readers should be aware
of these facts, ignored or obfuscated by Mr. Buckley:

* There is a distinction between ''having AIDS'' and ''carrying AIDS.'' It may
be helpful to regard ''infection'' with the AIDS virus (HTLV III/LAV) as a
continuum ranging from having the virus in one's bloodstream and/or
seroconverting, testing positive in either the Elisa antibody test or the more
refined Western blot test, to having AIDS-related complex or a full-scale case
of AIDS, as defined by the Centers for Disease Control. It should not be assumed
that those having AIDS-related complex or full-blown AIDS are more likely to
transmit the virus than those who test antibody positive.

* Mr. Buckley raises the issue of an AIDS testing requirement for a marriage
license. There is a significant problem with AIDS virus transmission in utero,
or during or shortly after birth. Mr. Buckley seems to believe the problem stems
from men with AIDS transmitting the virus to their wives. In fact, 48 percent of
pediatric AIDS patients are born to mothers who are intravenous-drug abusers,
according to the Dec. 6, 1985, issue of Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report,
issued by the Department of Health and Human Services.

Mr. Buckley quotes The Economist, ''If AIDS were to spread to the general
population, it would become a catastrophe.'' It goes without saying that many
thoughtful people already view the AIDS epidemic as a catastrophe. Fortunately,
from this catastrophic epidemic, scientists have been able to learn much about
the nature of this disease. Men and women trained as physicians, nurses,
researchers and epidemiologists, among others, are now armed with information to
face the challenge of AIDS.

In the future perhaps, their informed, thoughtful conclusions will appear in
place of Mr. Buckley's careless and inappropriately cavalier opinions. RICHARD
G. HERSH Washington, March 20, 1986

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             796 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright (c) 1999 University of Texas at Austin School of
                             Law Publications, Inc.
                        Texas International Law Journal

                                  Spring, 1999

                             34 Tex. Int'l L.J. 211

LENGTH: 49066 words

ARTICLE: Legal Aid and Public Interest Law in China

NAME: Benjamin L. Liebman *

BIO:



   * Clerk, Judge Sandra L. Lynch, United States Court of Appeals for the First
Circuit; J.D., Harvard Law School, 1998. This article was co-recipient of the
1998 Yong Kim Memorial Prize. Research for this article was supported in part by
funding from the Lewis Fund at Harvard Law School and the Harvard Law School
East Asian Legal Studies Program. I am grateful to the numerous people who have
provided me with comments and suggestions, including William Alford, Helen
Causton, Phyllis Chang, Michael Dowdle, Randle Edwards, Jonathan Hecht, Stanley
Lubman, Neysun Mahboubi, Setsuo Miyazawa, Randall Peerenboom, Paul Tremblay, and
Frank Upham. I am also deeply grateful to the dozens of academics, lawyers,
students, and officials in China who have shared their time, experience, and
insights with me over the past three years. The views in this article are solely
my own. This article relies in part on confidential interviews with Chinese
officials, academics, and lawyers conducted in a number of Chinese cities in the
summers of 1996, 1997, and 1998. Interviewees are identified by their profession
and the year in which the interview took place. Copies of all Chinese-language
sources cited in this article are on file with the author.

 TEXT:
 [*212]

   I. Introduction

 Reports from across China suggest that lawyers are increasingly coming to the
assistance of people whom economic development has left behind. In Guangzhou,
for example, legal aid lawyers convinced an appeals court to spare the life of
an indigent woman convicted of being an accessory to murder.  n1 Similarly, in
Shanghai, lawyers acting pro bono saved a ninety-two year-old woman from
eviction from her apartment.  n2 In Wuhan, lawyers from a non-governmental legal
aid center brought a successful suit on behalf of a woman illegally detained by
the local public security bureau after she exposed corruption at her workplace.
n3

   The recent emphasis on lawyers serving society is not new, but it arises
against a new backdrop: an increased focus on the provision of legal services to
China's poor and disadvantaged. Over the past four years, as China's legal
profession has grown to become the third largest in the world,  n4 provincial
and local justice bureaus have established a total of 180 legal aid centers or
offices.  n5 In addition, at least three non-governmental legal aid  [*213]
providers are currently operating in China, local branches of the All-China
Women's Federation have established legal aid clinics in at least three rural
counties, and private Chinese law firms are increasingly willing to undertake
pro bono or contingent-fee litigation on behalf of the disadvantaged. In many
cities, legal aid programs are little more than a single official working out of
the local justice bureau, but in some locales, legal aid centers employ
full-time lawyers and handle thousands of inquiries and hundreds of cases
annually. Legal aid programs in China also range in their focus: in Guangzhou,
the government-run legal aid program focuses primarily on representing criminal
defendants facing life in prison or death; in Beijing, the legal aid program at
Peking University works exclusively to protect women's rights.

   Legal aid has also attracted the attention of many of those outside of China
who are concerned with strengthening China's legal system. United States
President Bill Clinton has cited it as a potential area for Amercian cooperation
with China, and both Hillary Rodham Clinton and Secretary of State Madeleine
Albright visited legal aid centers during the President's June 1998 visit to
China.  n6 Other Western governments, non-governmental organizations, and
philanthropic foundations have similarly shown a strong interest in China's
legal aid programs.  n7

   This article describes the evolution of legal aid and public interest law in
China and examines its implications for the legal profession and the law in the
context of four intertwined developments: first, China's efforts to establish a
nationwide system of government-run legal aid centers; second, China's attempt
to expand the availability and improve the quality of legal representation for
indigent criminal defendants; third, China's bid to force the legal profession
to serve poor clients via mandatory pro bono requirements for lawyers; fourth,
the development of non-governmental legal aid centers and the expanding
incentives for profit-oriented lawyers to take on pro bono cases or pursue
public interest litigation. Although it is too early to declare that the
evolution of legal aid will reshape the function of law or the status of
individual rights in China, this article argues that the evolution illustrates
the choices facing China as it continues to reform its legal system and legal
profession. China's development of legal aid also demonstrates the degree to
which legal development in China is progressing without any single dominant
rationale or policy goal.

   A number of questions permeate this analysis. What considerations have
motivated China's recent commitment to legal aid, and what goals is legal aid
designed to further? What is the likelihood that legal aid will actually become
a significant component of the Chinese legal system, and what would be the
consequences of such a development? To what degree is legal aid the
responsibility of the state, the legal profession, or both? What does it mean to
be "non-governmental" in China, and what role may non-governmental legal aid
providers play? Is there a definition of "public interest" that is unique to
China?

    [*214]  Legal aid in China has developed with remarkable speed. The term
"legal aid" (fal<um u> yuanzhu) was virtually unknown in China prior to 1993.
n8 Today it is a hot topic, discussed in hundreds of press reports and academic
articles. Such discussion reflects a decision by China's Ministry of Justice -
which has jurisdiction over China's lawyers - to make legal aid a focal point of
the continued reform of the legal system. Yet the attention legal aid has
received also suggests a legal profession still seeking to define its pace in a
rapidly changing economy and society. China's development of legal aid is of
particular note given the lack of similar developments in many other
transitional economies.  n9 Indeed, China is now one of only a few countries in
the world to mandate pro bono work by lawyers.

   However, the role and future of legal aid remain uncertain. China is
unresolved as to the appropriate balance between civil and criminal legal aid.
The central government appears unwilling to devote significant funds to legal
aid and is unsure of alternative funding sources. China still lacks a sufficient
number of lawyers to handle the massive demand for legal aid, and many lawyers
have resisted mandatory pro bono requirements. Some local justice bureaus appear
more concerned with using pro bono requirements to regulate lawyers than they
are with increasing access to the legal system. Legal aid programs have
concentrated in economically developed urban areas; lawyers remain out of reach
of the majority of China's rural poor. How China addresses these problems will
help determine the future of legal aid, as well as the role that legal aid and
lawyers play within the Chinese legal system.

   Part II of this article discusses the background to the development of legal
aid in China. It examines the growth of the Chinese legal profession, as well as
laws and regulations regarding the provision of free legal services and the
right to counsel, and then discusses the reasons the Ministry of Justice has
given for making the provision of legal aid a national policy.

   Part III describes five types of legal aid programs: (1) full-time government
legal aid workers; (2) justice bureau programs that require law firms and
lawyers to undertake legal aid work; (3) legal aid work undertaken by other
government departments or organizations; (4) legal aid provided by
non-governmental and university-based providers; and (5) pro bono representation
undertaken voluntarily by for-profit lawyers.

   Part IV examines five key issues and how legal aid programs in China have
dealt with them: (1) the appropriate targets for civil legal aid programs; (2)
the role of legal aid lawyers in criminal trials, and the appropriate balance
between civil and criminal legal aid; (3) mandatory pro bono requirements and
the degree to which the provision of legal aid is the obligation of the legal
profession; (4) potential sources of funding for legal aid, including the role
of foreign donations; and (5) the status of non-governmental legal aid
providers.

   Part V evaluates the impact of legal aid programs with reference to three
areas: the role of international legal norms in the Chinese legal system, the
evolution of China's legal  [*215]  profession, and the evolution of state
approaches to law. Part V is divided into three sections. Section 1 argues that,
rather than presenting an opportunity to evaluate the protection of human rights
in China, the development of legal aid demonstrates the growing relevance of
international standards to domestic legal debates. Section 2 argues that,
although the development of legal aid reflects the piecemeal development of the
legal profession, the experiences of legal aid providers - particularly
non-governmental providers - suggest an enhanced role for lawyers as advocates
both in individual cases and for larger policy goals. Section 2 also considers
the implications of the development of legal aid for attempts to define public
interest law in China. Section 3 suggests that the development of legal aid
programs in China reflects evolving state views of law and also implies that
individual uses of the legal system may increasingly shape the evolution of law
in China.

   Part VI, the conclusion, sets forth seven questions raised by the development
of legal aid programs and public interest law in China.

   This article uses the terms "legal aid" and "public interest" broadly. The
terms are just beginning to take root in China, and thus their definitions
remain in flux. "Legal aid" refers to the provision of reduced-fee or free legal
services. "Public interest" is used to refer to a broader range of activities by
Chinese lawyers, including class action and contingent-fee litigation on behalf
of those who lack the money or power to retain lawyers, regardless of whether
lawyers pursuing such cases earn a profit. The definition of such terms is not
yet an issue of debate within China. However, this article suggests that they
may develop meanings or describe activities that differ from "legal aid" or
"public interest" lawyering elsewhere.

   II. Background: The Development of the Legal Profession and Legal Protections
for the Poor

   A. The Legal Profession and Legislative Framework

 China's first legal aid programs predate the 1949 establishment of the People's
Republic. The flourishing legal profession in major Chinese cities in the 1920s
and 1930s  n10 included a number of legal aid organizations run by private
lawyers.  n11 However, the small number of lawyers nationwide and the low
quality of much of the profession  n12 limited their availability and
usefulness.

   China took steps to establish a socialist legal profession in the 1950s,  n13
but lawyers played little importance in the administration of law during most of
the first three decades of Communist rule. By 1957, there were just 2500
full-time and 300 part-time lawyers  [*216]  nationwide.  n14 They practiced in
some 800 law offices established under the aegis of the Ministry of Justice and
local justice bureaus.  n15 Beginning with the anti-rightist campaign in 1957,
however, many lawyers were persecuted as class enemies.  n16 China abolished its
Ministry of Justice in 1959, and legal training effectively ceased.  n17 Lawyers
played virtually no role in China throughout the 1966-76 Cultural Revolution -
except as targets of criticism and persecution.  n18

   Despite the small size and limited role of the legal profession in the early
years of the People's Republic, regulations did require lawyers to provide free
services in a wide range of civil cases. The Ministry of Justice's 1956
Temporary Provisions Regarding Lawyer's Fees stipulated that lawyers should
provide free assistance to persons seeking compensation for injuries due to a
"production accident," to persons seeking alimony, child support, or elderly
support payments, to parties whose legal questions could be answered orally, and
to persons who were unable to afford lawyers' services.  n19 Additionally,
throughout the first twenty years of the People's Republic, lawyers and courts
often waived fees for the poor.  n20 However, the small number of lawyers in the
1950s and the government's policy of avoiding litigation  n21 meant that the
Temporary Provisions probably had little practical effect, as few civil disputes
were directed to the formal legal system.

   In the criminal context, the 1954 Constitution stated that defendants had the
right to present a defense.  n22 In addition, the 1954 People's Courts Organic
Law stated that defendants possessed the right to hire a lawyer to defend them.
n23 However, no provisions existed regarding the provision of lawyers to
defendants who did not retain counsel, and the laws in the early years of the
People's Republic provided little protection for criminal defendants.  n24
Moreover, even if lawyers were involved in criminal trials, their role was
generally limited to arguing for lenience toward their clients.  n25

   China began to reform and reconstruct both its legal system and the legal
profession in the late 1970s, as it drafted new laws and reestablished the
Ministry of Justice, as lawyers who had been trained decades earlier returned to
practice, and as law schools reopened.  n26  [*217]  The number of lawyers grew
throughout the 1980s, from just 5500 in 1981  n27 to 50,000 in 1991,  n28
reflecting China's recognition of the need for lawyers as it began transforming
its economy.  n29 Lawyers remained state legal workers,  n30 working in
state-run law firms and enterprises, and most of their work in the early years
of reform consisted of applying norms determined by administrative authorities
and, in criminal cases, assisting defendants in acknowledging wrongdoing.  n31

   Laws and regulations during this period emphasized both the right of certain
criminal defendants to representation and lawyers' obligations to undertake
cases on behalf of the disadvantaged. The 1979 People's Court Organic Law stated
that courts could, where they deemed necessary, appoint a "defender" to
represent a defendant in a criminal proceeding.  n32 The 1979 Criminal Procedure
Law similarly provided that courts could designate a defender in a criminal case
and that they should do so where the defendant was deaf, mute, or a minor and
had not retained a defender.  n33 A defender was not necessarily a lawyer: the
Criminal Procedure Law stated that defendants had the right to represent
themselves, or to be represented by a lawyer, a citizen recommended by a
people's organization or the defendant's work unit, a close relative, or any
other citizen permitted to do so by the court.  n34 In addition, the 1980
Interim Regulations on Lawyers - China's first reform-era regulation on the
legal profession - required lawyers to accept criminal cases that courts
assigned to them.  n35 In most cases in which courts deemed the appointment of a
defender to be required or necessary, they assigned cases to state-run law
firms.  n36 However, this was rarely done in a systematic fashion. Courts
assigned cases to lawyers with whom judges were acquainted, and lawyers often
did little in the way of presenting a defense,  n37 in part because the Criminal
Procedure Law limited their involvement in criminal proceedings.  n38

    [*218]  In the civil context, although the 1980 Interim Regulations on
Lawyers did not include any measures regarding the provision of free legal
services,  n39 the 1981 Provisions on Lawyers' Fees paralleled the 1956
provisions by encouraging pro bono work and expanding the scope of actions
eligible for free legal services to include demands for labor insurance,
retirement payments, and other economic benefits.  n40 However, the provision of
such services was no longer mandatory: whereas the 1956 provisions had stated
that lawyers shall provide free legal assistance, the 1981 provisions stated
that they could reduce or waive fees.  n41 China revised its provisions on
lawyers' fees again in 1990, this time stating that lawyers shall provide
reduced-fee or free legal advice in a range of cases.  n42

   It is unclear to what extent lawyers actually engaged in pro bono
representation in the 1980s, as the Ministry of Justice did not maintain
statistics on such work during that period.  n43 The number of cases heard in
the courts grew steadily throughout the decade,  n44  [*219]  but in most of
them, individuals were not represented by lawyers.  n45 This was at least
partially due to the small number of lawyers in China, but also may have
reflected a general reluctance to consult them.

   The legal profession began to undergo a fundamental transition in the late
1980s. In 1988, the Ministry of Justice permitted lawyers to practice free of
direct state supervision for the first time, authorizing the establishment of
cooperative law firms  n46 that were financially independent of the government.
n47 In 1993, the Ministry authorized the establishment of partnership law firms.
n48 Lawyers also began to engage in more aggressive advocacy of clients'
interests  n49 and became increasingly profit-driven.  n50 Concurrently, the
number of lawyers continued to increase rapidly, rising from 40,000 in 1992 to
114,000 by the end of 1997.  n51

   Although the Ministry of Justice and the legal profession were largely
preoccupied in the early 1990s with the formation of new for-profit law firms,
changes in the legal profession also resulted in new attention to lawyers'
professional obligations. The first explicit use of the term "legal aid"
("fal<um u> yuanzhu") in a Chinese law or regulation was in 1993 when the
Ministry of Justice issued standards governing the morality and discipline of
the legal profession.  n52 The standards state that lawyers are not permitted to
refuse legal aid cases that law firms assign to them and are not permitted to
reject criminal cases that courts assign.  n53

   Around the same time, legal aid became an item of discussion among officials
and academics drafting a comprehensive law on lawyers. Although a 1991 draft of
the Lawyers Law did not include any provisions regarding legal aid,  n54 a 1994
draft stipulated that the state would establish a system to assist those unable
to pay legal fees.  n55 A 1995 draft submitted by the State Council to the
National People's Congress Standing Committee expanded the reference. Whereas
the 1994 draft included only a single two-sentence article  [*220]  on legal aid
, the 1995 draft included four such articles.  n56 The draft stated that the
state should implement a legal aid system,  n57 provided a list of issues to be
targeted by legal aid,  n58 and stated that lawyers should fulfill their
responsibility to undertake legal aid work.  n59

   In 1996, China formalized its commitment to expand the provision of legal aid
in both the criminal and civil contexts with the passage of the Lawyers Law  n60
and revisions to the Criminal Procedure Law.  n61 The revised Criminal Procedure
Law still permits non-lawyers to represent defendants if the defendants so
choose, but uses the term "lawyer" instead of "defender" to refer to a person
who may be appointed by the Court for that purpose.  n62 The 1996 Criminal
Procedure Law expands the class of defendants for whom courts should appoint
lawyers to include the blind and persons charged with capital crimes.  n63 As
did the 1979 Criminal Procedure Law, the 1996 law states that courts may appoint
a person to represent a criminal defendant when the court deems it necessary.
However, the revised law also explicitly provides that courts may consider a
defendant's economic hardship in deciding whether such an appointment is
necessary.  n64 In addition, the revised law states that representation in
court-appointed cases shall be performed by lawyers carrying out their
obligations to provide "legal aid," thus formally introducing the concept of
legal aid into the criminal justice system.  n65

   The 1996 Lawyers Law imposes obligations on lawyers to undertake pro bono
cases. Although previous regulations had stated that lawyers could not refuse
legal aid cases, the Lawyers Law marks the first time China imposed an
affirmative obligation on lawyers to engage in legal aid work. Article 41 of the
Lawyers Law states that Chinese citizens who are in need of legal assistance,
but who are unable to afford a lawyer, may receive legal aid in a range of
cases.  n66 Eligible cases include, but are not limited to, criminal cases and
civil claims for family support payments, compensation for injuries suffered at
work, or compensation from the state.  n67 Article 42 states that lawyers must
undertake legal aid work "in accordance with state regulations."  n68 The law's
provisions are not as ambitious, however, as a 1995 draft which had provided
that "the state" shall implement a legal aid system  n69 and elaborated a longer
list of eligible claims, including marriage and labor disputes.  n70

    [*221]  National regulations on legal aid have not yet been approved. Draft
regulations that the Ministry of Justice circulated in 1996 would require all
lawyers, notaries, and basic-level legal workers to undertake legal aid cases.
n71 Two such cases per year would be on a pro bono basis;  n72 lawyers would be
required to accept additional cases, but would be compensated for them.  n73

   Pending the enactment of national regulations, which require State Council
approval and would be binding on all government actors, the Ministry of Justice
has issued a series of notices to provincial and local justice bureaus regarding
legal aid that are binding only on the justice bureaus and lawyers. In June
1996, for example, the Ministry issued a notice instructing justice bureaus in
each province and directly-administered municipality to work to establish
organizations to manage and develop legal aid; it also directed each major
municipality to establish an organization responsible for providing legal aid.
n74 In 1997, the Ministry issued the Notice on the Development of Legal Aid Work
(the Notice) on the establishment of legal aid organizations, categories of
persons and cases eligible for legal aid, and funding for legal aid programs.
The Notice largely tracks provisions of the 1996 Draft Regulations, although
reference to the number of cases lawyers are required to handle per year is
omitted.  n75 The Notice's provisions regarding the appropriate targets of legal
aid are discussed below in Part IV.A.  n76

   The Ministry of Justice has also issued notices in conjunction with other
government departments or organizations on the provision of legal aid to the
disabled, women, the elderly, and juveniles,  n77 and to criminal defendants.
n78 In addition, the 1996 Law on the Guarantee of the Rights and Interests of
the Elderly states that elderly persons who bring suit to protect their rights
and interests and cannot afford the assistance of a lawyer are entitled to legal
aid.  n79 Many local areas have also issued their own administrative provisions
regarding legal aid.  n80

[*222]

   B. Rhetorical Background: The Policy of Legal Aid

 The laws, regulations, and notices establish a broad framework for the creation
of legal aid programs in China; yet such laws and regulations have not been the
primary catalysts for that process. Instead, increased focus on legal aid has
resulted from the Ministry of Justice's emphasis on the subject since 1994, from
the legal aid programs that a number of Chinese cities and provinces have
established, and from the experiences of the small number of non-governmental
legal aid providers. The various laws, regulations, and notices cited above
reflect both the Ministry of Justice's policy of encouraging legal aid and its
attempt to regulate a rapidly developing area.

   In 1994, the Ministry of Justice announced plans to establish a nationwide
legal aid system.  n81 The impetus for the plans appears to have come from
Justice Minister Xiao Yang himself; Xiao became interested in legal aid in 1989
when, as an official in Guangdong Province, he visited Hong Kong.  n82 In 1996,
the Ministry announced that developing a legal aid system was an important goal
of that year's legal work.  n83 In November 1996, it convened a national
conference of justice bureau officials and legal aid providers, including
representatives of one non-government program.  n84 In December 1996, the
central government formally authorized the establishment of the Ministry of
Justice's Legal Aid Center to oversee the nationwide development of legal aid
programs.  n85

   Since the Ministry of Justice listed the development of legal aid as a
central goal for China's legal system under China's ninth five-year plan,  n86
the Chinese press has included hundreds of reports describing legal aid
activities nationwide, extolling virtuous lawyers, and detailing cases in which
disadvantaged individuals have had their rights protected via legal aid.  n87

   Gauging the precise reasons for the sudden official interest in legal aid is
difficult, but widespread discussion of the subject suggests views that underlie
China's efforts to establish legal aid programs. Chinese officials and
commentators repeatedly couch China's need to develop legal aid programs in the
context of China's efforts to increase the importance of law and to balance
social development and the needs of the poor with economic development. Although
the importance of rhetorical statements regarding legal aid should not be
overstated, such discussions reveal four themes.

    [*223]  First, Chinese officials and commentators argue that developing a
legal aid system is a necessary step in the creation of a society that functions
in accordance with law. Speaking at ceremonies marking the establishment of the
National Legal Aid Foundation, then-Justice Minister Xiao Yang  n88 identified
legal aid as an important element of China's legalization and systemization  n89
and said it was essential to ensuring that all individuals were equal before the
law.  n90 Xiao also argues that legal aid is crucial to guaranteeing the
numerous new legal rights that have emerged from the voluminous laws and
regulations promulgated in reform-era China.  n91 Commentators echo Xiao's
views.  n92

   Second, observers and officials argue that legal aid plays an important role
in all mature legal systems, and thus should be an important characteristic of
the modernization of the Chinese system. Minister Xiao has stated that the
ability of a legal system to provide legal aid is a measure of that legal
system's development,  n93 and Chinese commentators point out that more than 140
countries have incorporated references to legal aid in their constitutions.  n94
Observers also argue that provision of legal aid is a measure of a nation's
commitment to social justice.  n95 A desire to boost the standing of China's
legal system in the eyes of the international community appears to be implicit
in such statements; commentators also write that legal aid programs are needed
to give full effect to the principles of equality before the law encompassed in
the Universal Declaration on Human Rights and the International Covenant on
Civil and Political Rights.  n96

   Third, legal aid is viewed as an important instrument in China's efforts to
alleviate poverty and address increasing income disparities. Thus, the officials
responsible for developing legal aid place it in the context of China's efforts
to continue economic reforms and address the problems facing the poor.  n97
Noting that economic changes have resulted in income disparities that mean some
persons cannot afford the legal fees necessary to protect their legal rights,
Justice Minister Xiao has argued that the establishment of a legal aid system
demonstrates China's emphasis on constructing a just legal system to which all
persons have equal access and that it is an important aspect of China's efforts
to develop  [*224]  protections for persons in need.  n98 Other commentators
similarly note that the demand for legal aid is itself a product of widening
gaps between rich and poor  n99 and of increasing urban unemployment.  n100

   Fourth, legal aid is termed an important component of China's efforts to
develop "socialism with Chinese characteristics."  n101 As the slogan is a
catch-phrase for virtually any government policy in contemporary China, such
statements may merely reflect attempts to position legal aid in line with
China's dominant ideology. The development of legal aid also appears to embody a
conscious effort to address some of the perceived excesses of China's
transformation to a market economy, in particular excesses within the legal
profession. Minister Xiao, for example, has stated that legal aid is essential
to maintaining a balance between economic and social development.  n102

   The four themes described above do not exhaust the explanations for China's
recent embrace of legal aid. Part V of this article argues that, in addition to
serving these four values, legal aid has developed because it fits with
continued government attempts to use the legal profession to serve national
policy and because it may serve the government's project of law implementation.
Government provision of legal aid is also consistent with traditional views -
Confucian and socialist - of the state's obligation to serve and protect people
under its rule. These four themes do, however, appear to be significant elements
in the growth of legal aid, and differences in their relative importance may
help explain the different approaches local legal aid programs have taken.

   III. Legal Aid in Practice: Five Models

   A. Introduction

 Despite the variety of regulations and official statements regarding the
importance of legal aid, its development in China has been largely separate from
the Ministry of Justice in Beijing. The most successful programs have been
developed either by local justice bureaus or by university law departments
operating as non-government entities. Indeed, the best developed government and
non-government programs began operation even before the promulgation of the
Lawyers Law or any of the Ministry's notices regarding legal aid, and the
Ministry has drawn from experimentation by local justice bureaus in formulating
its national policies.

   This section provides a brief introduction to the legal aid programs that
have been established in China in recent years. Local experiences reflect the
potential significance of legal aid in China's legal system, the role it may
play within that system, and the policy choices that China faces if legal aid
programs are to become widespread. Chinese commentators describe three principal
models of legal aid in China: programs consisting of full-time legal aid
lawyers, as in Guangzhou; programs that assign work to lawyers, as in Wuhan; and
programs that rely on lawyers from law firms to staff a legal aid center, as in
Shanghai's Pudong District and in Beijing.  n103

    [*225]  However, such classifications ignore legal aid performed by
non-government actors or by law firms independent of local government programs.
This article divides legal aid in China into five loose categories: first,
government legal aid centers relying largely on full-time legal aid lawyers;
second, government legal aid centers that delegate legal aid work to law firms;
third, legal aid programs run by government actors other than the Ministry of
Justice or local justice bureaus; fourth, non-government and university-based
legal aid centers; and fifth, law firms voluntarily engaging in pro bono work.
These categories are not mutually exclusive,  n104 however, and some cities and
centers have experimented with more than one model. Moreover, although Chinese
commentators and officials often advocate the first model, the variety of
experiences and resources of China's legal aid providers demonstrates the value
of a diverse range of programs.

   The following sub-sections describe each of the categories. Questions common
to all categories - ranging from the appropriate targets of legal aid, to the
relative importance of criminal and civil work, to potential funding sources and
the role of non-government entities - are examined together in Part IV.

   B. Government-Funded Full-Time Legal Aid Lawyers: The Guangzhou Model

 Chinese officials and scholars have articulated a preference for centers
staffed by full-time legal aid lawyers  n105 rather than programs that rely on
law firms to carry out legal aid work. China's first  n106 and foremost example
of such a center is the Guangzhou Legal Aid Center, formally established in
November 1995,  n107 which has become a model for other regions.  n108 The
Center plays two roles. First, its twelve full-time lawyers handle a variety of
legal aid cases. Second, the Center is responsible for managing and overseeing
the development of legal aid work by Guangzhou's law firms.  n109

   The Guangzhou Center's physical location and staff distinguish it from most
other legal aid centers in China. Whereas other centers occupy space in the
local justice bureau  [*226]  offices or on university campuses, the Guangzhou
Center has its own storefront office space in downtown Guangzhou, on the same
block as the Guangzhou Intermediate People's Court and the Guangdong Provincial
High People's Court.  n110 The Center's staff is among the largest of any center
in China, with twelve lawyers, four administrators,  n111 and a total staff of
twenty-six.  n112 The Center's director and vice-director are former Guangzhou
Justice Bureau officials. Other lawyers largely came to the Center from
state-run law firms in Guangzhou.  n113 Lawyers at the Center are government
employees and are paid according to local government salary scales.  n114

   In its first year, the Center handled 364 cases and responded to more than
1000 inquiries.  n115 The majority of cases the Center handles are criminal
cases. Three hundred forty-two of those cases were criminal cases that local
courts assigned to it.  n116 All criminal cases brought before the Guangzhou
Intermediate People's Court or the Guangdong Provincial High People's Court in
which the defendant lacks an attorney and qualifies for legal aid are referred
to the Center.  n117

   The heavy emphasis on criminal cases meant that the Guangzhou Legal Aid
Center was particularly busy during the "Strike Hard" anti-crime campaign that
began in early 1996.  n118 In the first seventy-one days of the campaign, the
Center received 131 cases,  n119 including seventy-three cases in a ten-day
period in June.  n120 Official media praised the Center for its role in seeing
that cases were tried speedily and for ensuring that criminal defendants
received legal representation.  n121

   Although the Center's full-time lawyers handle most cases assigned to it, the
Center also refers some cases to Guangzhou law firms, particularly when its own
caseload is  [*227]  heavy.  n122 During the first months of the Strike Hard
campaign, it delegated a total of forty-four cases to eleven Guangzhou law
firms;  n123 in the Center's first year, it referred approximately twenty
percent of all cases.  n124 The Center maintains a list of local lawyers who
have volunteered to handle legal aid cases.  n125 However, as of late 1996, that
list included only sixty of the more than 900 lawyers in Guangzhou.  n126 The
Center does not refer cases to lawyers who have not registered their willingness
to take these cases.

   The Guangzhou Center is widely seen as the most effective in China because of
the volume of cases it handles and its establishment of a system for the
provision of legal aid in criminal cases. Its success is in part the result of
significant financial support from the local government.  n127 Officials comment
that Guangzhou's relative wealth and large number of lawyers made the
establishment of the center in Guangzhou more feasible than elsewhere in China.
n128 However, its initial success also appears to have resulted from a local
justice bureau that was unusually willing to experiment, allowing the Center a
degree of autonomy. In addition, the Center maintains a close working
relationship with the local courts, thus ensuring both that cases are referred
to it and that its lawyers have access to their clients in time to prepare for
trial.  n129

   Other cities have begun to follow the Guangzhou model of establishing a
center staffed by full-time legal aid lawyers. Some centers actually have more
lawyers than the Guangzhou Center. In Qingdao, the local government in 1996
approved the establishment of a thirty-employee legal aid bureau.  n130 As of
July 1997, the Center had responded to 595 inquiries and had undertaken
representation in seventy-four cases.  n131 In Jilin, local authorities in 1996
approved the establishment of a legal aid center with fifteen employees.  n132
Zhengzhou established a legal aid center in 1996 with a staff of twenty
full-time lawyers and seven other employees.  n133 Similar centers have opened
in Changsha,  [*228]  where plans for a thirty-employee legal aid center were
approved in 1995,  n134 and in Jinan, where a sixteen-employee center was
established in 1997.  n135 However, unlike the Guangzhou Center, all of these
centers appear to have initially concentrated on civil cases.

   C. Legal Aid Assigned to Law Firms: The Shanghai, Wuhan, and Beijing Models

 Despite the Ministry of Justice's support for the Guangzhou model,  n136 most
cities in China that have established legal aid programs have not followed it,
choosing rather to rely on local lawyers to staff their centers, or to assign
cases to local law firms. The best-developed systems along those lines are in
Shanghai's Pudong District, in Beijing, and in Wuhan.

   1. Pudong District

 Established in August 1995, the Pudong Legal Aid Center occupies one room in
the offices of the Pudong Justice Bureau in Shanghai's Pudong District.  n137 A
total of fifty-seven law firms serve a population of 1.48 million people.
Officials from the justice bureau and lawyers from local firms jointly staff the
Center.  n138 Pudong's law firms provide lawyers to answer queries at the Center
on a rotating basis.  n139 If a case brought to the Center is suitable for legal
assistance, the justice bureau assigns the case to a firm, which is then
responsible for any expenses incurred in handling it.  n140 Law firms may also
accept legal aid cases directly which, subject to approval, may count as cases
assigned to the firm by the Center.  n141 The justice bureau pays the costs
associated with maintaining the Center itself, including one full-time staff
member to run the office.  n142

   Although the Pudong Center has begun to manage the assignment of lawyers in
criminal cases,  n143 the Center was originally only concerned with civil
disputes, and these  [*229]  continue to be its focus.  n144 The Pudong Center
handled approximately 900 inquiries in its first year in operation and referred
twenty-seven cases to local law firms.  n145 These cases were spread evenly
among the district's law firms. Most firms handled one case each in the first
year, while a few handled as many as three.  n146 By the end of 1997, the
Center's workload had increased dramatically: the Center reported it had
received and responded to 14,000 legal inquiries,  n147 accepted forty-one civil
cases,  n148 and assigned lawyers to represent criminal defendants in 195 cases.
n149

   2. Beijing

 Beijing was the first city to require lawyers to engage in legal aid work. In
1993, the Beijing Justice Bureau stated that all lawyers under its supervision
were required to handle at least one pro bono case per year.  n150 In addition,
beginning in 1994, Beijing required all law firms to provide at least two days
of free legal consultation per month  n151 and prohibited lawyers from rejecting
court-assigned criminal cases.  n152

   Despite these regulations, Beijing was relatively slow to develop a
centralized legal aid system. Beginning in 1997, however, the Beijing Justice
Bureau established a legal aid center to coordinate legal aid work by law firms.
Under that system, each of Beijing's 270 law firms is responsible for staffing
the center for one week approximately every four  [*230]  years.  n153 Law firms
responsible for staffing the center must send two lawyers to the center to
answer legal inquiries.  n154 If the center receives a case suitable for legal
aid, the center assigns the case to a local law firm.  n155 Although the
center's eight-person full-time staff includes three lawyers, these lawyers do
not officially handle any cases.  n156 However, the center's full-time staff
does apparently wind up answering many of the inquiries that the center
receives, in large part because the lawyers that law firms send to staff the
center lack relevant experience and expertise.  n157

   Most of the center's work consists of handling inquiries regarding civil
matters - in its first seven months it received 580 inquiries,  n158 only three
of which were related to criminal matters.  n159 The center determined that
thirteen of the 580 inquiries involved cases suitable for legal aid.  n160

   Two characteristics of the Beijing program appear unique. First, Beijing
established a legal aid fund in 1994 to be used to compensate lawyers for
performing legal aid work.  n161 The Justice Bureau reported in 1997 that
lawyers had received payments from the fund in more than 1500 cases.  n162
However, officials state that most lawyers handling pro bono cases in Beijing do
not request reimbursement, and that the amounts lawyers actually receive from
the fund are small.  n163

   Second, Beijing permits local law firms to opt out of the program by making a
payment to the legal aid fund.  n164 Officials state that this procedure is
designed to accommodate firms with largely transactional practices, whose
lawyers may lack the expertise required to handle legal aid work.  n165 Although
the amount of the required payments under the plan and the number of firms that
have decided to pay rather than provide legal aid are unclear, Beijing lawyers
comment that many firms prefer to pay.  n166

   3. Wuhan

 A third system relying on law firms to provide legal aid services is in place
in Wuhan, where the local lawyers' association is responsible for overseeing the
government-run program.  n167 Wuhan's program has developed in two phases. In
the first phase, Wuhan  [*231]  established a program in which a committee
oversaw legal aid work in the city.  n168 Instead of applying to a center,
persons seeking legal aid were required to submit their cases to law firms and
apply for a reduction or waiver of fees.  n169 Firms then submitted details of
the cases to the lawyers' association for approval  n170 and were responsible
for the costs of cases that were approved.  n171 Wuhan lawyers handled 130 legal
aid cases in 1995  n172 and a total of 310 cases between 1994 and 1996.  n173
All of the city's fifty-two law firms reported handling at least one legal aid
case; one firm took thirteen.  n174

   Beginning in 1996, the Wuhan Justice Bureau modified this system by providing
for five full-time center employees to review applications for legal aid. When
cases are accepted, they are assigned to local law firms.  n175 The center does
not provide any legal advice and firms continue to be responsible for expenses
incurred in legal aid cases.

   D. Qianxi Women's Association and Other Government Programs

 Although the Ministry of Justice and local justice bureaus have led efforts to
establish legal aid programs, other local and national government departments
have also established them. The most successful such program, in Qianxi County,
Hebei Province, is also China's most successful rural legal aid program. This
section describes the Qianxi program and other governmental legal aid efforts.

   1. Qianxi County Women's Association

 Established in 1995 by the local branch of the All-China Women's Federation,
the Qianxi Women's Law Center provides legal aid to poor women from rural areas.
n176 The Center has five full-time lawyers and four other workers. In its first
two years in operation, it responded to more than 3000 inquiries and handled 120
court cases.  n177 Eighty percent of the Center's work consists of representing
women; the Center also handles some cases on behalf of children and the elderly.
n178 Most of the Center's clients come from Qianxi County, but it has also
assisted clients from other areas of Hebei. Its work is not limited to
representing clients: it is also significantly active in education, holding
seminars with judges and other court officials to raise awareness of laws
relating to the protection of women's rights.  n179

   The Qianxi Center appears unique in that it has established a county-wide
system for referring cases to the Center. In addition to its own staff, the
Center relies on a network of  [*232]  "women's legal services stations" in each
of the county's seventeen townships. Each of these is staffed by representatives
of the county women's association, the police, and by one non-lawyer legal
worker. The stations answer basic legal questions and refer women with more
complex questions to the Center.  n180

   Lawyers at the Qianxi Center hope that their model can be copied in other
rural areas. Women's associations in two other rural counties - Hebei's Qinglong
County and Majiang County in Guizhou - have established similar programs.  n181
One aspect of the Qianxi program may be difficult to replicate nationwide:
namely, its funding by the Ford Foundation  n182 In contrast, the Qinglong
Program, with three lawyers, relies on fees from non-legal aid cases to support
legal aid work.

   2. Other Programs

 In addition to the establishment of formal legal aid programs relying on
full-time lawyers or local law firms, a number of other programs exist to
provide informal consultations and access to legal information. In areas of
Shanghai other than Pudong, for example, efforts have focused on providing
information rather than representation, with municipal and district justice
bureaus establishing "law information stations" to provide free legal advice.
n183 Similarly, on "National Primary Level Legal Services Information Day,"
officials from justice bureaus established information centers in cities and
towns across the country to answer legal questions.  n184

   Government departments and actors other than those directly under the
Ministry of Justice have also begun to provide legal advice to specific groups
or in specific subject areas. Thus, China's National Labor Union has a legal aid
center to handle the rising number of labor disputes, especially cases brought
by recently unemployed workers.  n185 The center handled thirty cases in its
first year of operation and reported receiving more than 100 requests for legal
aid.  n186 Similarly, consumer organizations in many cities provide legal
information to consumers  n187 and, in some areas, local governments focus on
providing legal assistance to the disabled.  n188 For example, authorities in
Tianjin reported that they had established a system relying on lawyers,
notaries, basic level legal workers, and mediators to provide legal services to
the disabled. As of early 1997, lawyers and others had responded to more than
10,000 legal inquiries from the disabled and had represented disabled parties in
more than 400 litigated cases and more than 200 mediated cases.  n189

    [*233]  Although the Ministry of Justice is committed to expanding formal
legal aid programs and to encouraging local justice bureaus to follow the
Guangzhou model, it appears likely that a variety of systems will continue to
operate, due to the cost of establishing centers staffed by full-time lawyers
and the view that legal aid is primarily the responsibility of lawyers. In
addition, as long as national authorities continue to emphasize the importance
of raising legal consciousness, government actors outside the Ministry of
Justice system are likely to expand efforts to provide access to legal
information. Such programs may provide useful complements to the Ministry's own
efforts.

   E. Non-Government and University-Based Programs

 In addition to the government-run legal aid programs, at least three
independent legal aid organizations have been established in China. Although
these programs are formally attached to state institutions - universities or
research institutes - the programs operate autonomously, with no government
funding and little government oversight. This section will introduce and
describe these centers and discuss efforts to establish similar programs
elsewhere. Broader questions of the role and definition of non-government legal
service providers are discussed below in Part IV.

   1. Wuhan University

 Wuhan University's Center for the Protection of the Rights of Disadvantaged
Citizens, established in 1992  n190 with financial support from the Ford
Foundation, was modern China's first legal aid center. It defines itself as a
"non-profit[] public interest organization providing legal aid to disadvantaged
citizens"  n191 and considers itself to be a non-governmental organization.
n192

   The Wuhan University Center is divided into six departments: women's rights,
administrative litigation, juvenile rights, environmental protection, elders'
rights, and rights of the disabled.  n193 It responds to written and in-person
inquiries and represents clients in litigation and non-litigation matters. In
its first six years, the Center handled more than 7700 in-person queries and
more than 8000 letters, and undertook 340 cases.  n194 The Center receives an
average of fifteen in-person inquiries each day, although the number can reach
thirty during busy periods.  n195 Initial meetings with clients and most
responses to inquiries  [*234]  are handled by graduate students and the twenty
third- and fourth-year undergraduate law students who work in the Center.  n196
Lawyers - either center staff, law department faculty, or graduate students -
represent clients in cases that go to trial.  n197

   Staff at the Center estimate that they are successful in the vast majority of
cases.  n198 In some difficult cases, lawyers at the Center work with lawyers
from law firms, particularly the firm attached to the university's law
department.  n199 Although the Center has five departments, administrative cases
and women's rights cases constitute the majority of cases the Center handles.
n200 The environmental department, for example, handled only one case in its
first year in operation.  n201 The Center does not represent criminal
defendants.  n202

   The Center's reliance on students has allowed it to respond to a broader
range and larger number of inquiries than many government-run programs. Although
students receive no credit for their work, lawyers note that more students want
to work at the Center than the Center can actually accommodate.  n203 The law
department itself does not offer any clinical courses, although faculty members
who work at the Center say that they would like to offer them.  n204

   Lawyers at the Center comment that its non-governmental status attracts many
people, in particular those with grievances against government departments or
entities, who might be reluctant to request help from a government-run legal aid
program.  n205 The Center may be successful in pursuing such cases in part due
to the high regard in which it is held in Wuhan. It appears to be successfully
balancing its independent status with a good relationship with the local and
national government. Although there is little contact between the Center and
officials responsible for the Wuhan Justice Bureau's legal aid program,  n206
lawyers at the Center state that it receives significant support from the Wuhan
Municipal Government.  n207 This support is partly due to the positive press
coverage the Center has received nationwide,  n208 but it is also due to close
ties between the Center and the local government: in  [*235]  early 1998, the
Center's founder and director, Professor Wan Exiang, became vice-president of
the Wuhan Intermediate People's Court.

   Although there was little initial contact between lawyers at the Wuhan
University Center and officials responsible for legal aid at the Ministry of
Justice in Beijing, Ministry of Justice officials visited the Center in 1996 and
lawyers from the Center attended the Ministry's 1996 national conference on
legal aid.  n209 Ministry officials praise the Wuhan University program and
indicate that they plan to expand university-based legal aid programs,
especially at the "law and politics" universities that are under the Ministry's
direct supervision.  n210 In addition, a number of provincial and national
government officials serve as advisors to the Center.  n211

   2. Peking University

 Established in December 1995, the Center for Women's Law Studies and Legal
Services of Peking University provides legal aid to women in a variety of
contexts, ranging from domestic violence and employment discrimination to
divorce and labor disputes.  n212 The Center's work focuses on three areas:
family or marriage disputes, labor disputes, and personal injury claims.  n213
The Center is funded by the Ford Foundation. Like the Wuhan University Center,
the Peking University Center relies on a staff of students, faculty, and
full-time lawyers. Three lawyers work there full-time; it also relies on a
number of part-time lawyers and graduate students.  n214

   As with legal aid programs elsewhere in China, much of the work of the Peking
University Center consists of answering inquiries and providing information.
n215 During its first eighteen months in operation, the Center fielded more than
3000 inquiries, which it received in writing, via a telephone hotline, or in
person.  n216 During the same period, the Center litigated forty cases.  n217

   The Center differs from all other legal aid centers in China, however, in
that it identifies impact litigation  n218 and advocating legislative changes
n219 as explicit goals.  n220 A number of the Center's cases have been
high-profile,  n221 and lawyers at the Center state that they seek to
concentrate their energies on cases with large social impact so as to maximize
[*236]  the effectiveness of their efforts.  n222 Lawyers at the Center comment
that they are willing to undertake cases in which victory is unlikely in order
to highlight problems in the legal system.  n223

   Like the Wuhan University Center, the Peking University Center has apparently
been able to pursue its goals in part because it maintains close ties with the
press and various government entities.  n224 A number of its advisers hold
prominent government posts or are well-known academics.  n225 The Center has
worked with national media to publicize issues relating to women's rights and to
highlight cases in which the Center has assisted women in challenging the
actions of local government authorities. Moreover, its status under the Peking
University Law Department provides the Center with a degree of credibility that
it would likely not have were it wholly independent.

   3. Other University and Non-Governmental Programs

 The potential for expansion of university-based and other non-governmental
legal aid programs is unclear. At least one other independent legal aid provider
is currently operating. In Nanchang, the capital of Jiangxi Province, the legal
research institute of the Jiangxi Lancang Academy of Social Sciences has
established a legal aid center modeled after the Wuhan University Center.  n226
The program is small, however, and appears to have been feasible in part because
of local government support.

   In addition, students at other universities have also established legal aid
organizations that focus on providing legal information rather than
representation. For example, students at the China University of Law and
Politics established a legal aid center in 1996. Students at the center respond
to written inquiries, refer inquiries to law firms, and provide "street" legal
consultations from time to time.  n227 At Peking University, students have
established a Legal Aid Association that answers written inquiries.  n228 Legal
aid programs are also in place in at least three other law and politics
universities, and the Ministry of Justice plans to encourage other universities
to do the same.  n229

   Because law students are generally not permitted to appear in court as
lawyers, most legal aid work done by law students to date has been limited to
responding to inquiries,  [*237]  assisting in the drafting of documents, or
assisting faculty with cases.  n230 This is true for graduate students who have
passed the bar exam and are qualified to serve as lawyers, because even
part-time lawyers are required to be affiliated with a law firm, and graduate
students generally lack such affiliation.  n231 The ability of university-based
programs to assist in meeting the need for legal representation may thus in part
be contingent on a relaxation of government policy on student representation.
The expansion of university-based programs may also require a commitment to
clinical education, currently non-existent at Chinese law schools.

   F. Law Firms as Voluntary Legal Aid Providers

 Despite the programs discussed above, a significant volume of legal aid work in
China is performed by lawyers without reference to requirements for engaging in
legal aid and not under the auspices of legal aid programs. This section briefly
discusses such work, as well as the variety of reasons lawyers voluntarily
engage in legal aid work. It first surveys evidence that lawyers are providing
free services absent requirements that they do so, and then explores the
experience of one for-profit law firm that attempted to balance legal aid work
with for-profit work. Although the firm's experiences are unique, many of the
issues it confronted reflect more general questions facing firms considering
undertaking pro bono cases.

   1. Voluntary Legal Aid

 Lawyers appear to be engaging in a significant volume of legal aid work even in
the absence of formal requirements or programs. In Dalian, for example, official
reports state that in the two years prior to the establishment of a legal aid
center by the local government, lawyers handled a total of 620 legal aid cases -
an average of eleven cases per lawyer - and provided free responses to more than
30,000 inquiries.  n232 One law firm in Jilin reported handling 200 cases for
the disabled in a two-year period.  n233 Reports from across China hail the
efforts of lawyers who provide free legal services,  n234 often without
reference to any  [*238]  government plan.  n235 Similarly, legal academics have
also taken numerous pro bono cases, representing parties who otherwise would
have been unable to obtain legal representation, or representing clients in
difficult cases.

   Such statistics may be misleading. Lawyers and justice bureaus appear eager
to report, and perhaps over-report, virtually any matter that could be
considered a legal aid case.  n236 Thus, although the high number of cases in
which lawyers report serving the poor may reflect a recent increase in these
cases, such numbers may also reflect increased reporting. As noted above, until
recently all lawyers were state employees, and lawyers have long had obligations
to assist the poor. Indeed, in many rural areas and economically depressed urban
regions, much legal work has always been performed for reduced fees.

   Moreover, although media reports suggest that lawyers undertake legal aid
cases in recognition of their obligations to serve society, lawyers also have
other motives. Commentators and officials note that some law firms undertake pro
bono cases primarily to advertise themselves, not to help indigent clients.
n237 In reality, it appears that in many cases, law firms have mixed motives:
Beijing lawyers who have undertaken pro bono cases state that they have done so
to help people in need and because such cases - especially those involving
egregious wrongdoing - often generate press coverage and thus provide free
publicity.  n238 In some cases, lawyers also provide services on a contingent
fee basis to those who are otherwise unable to afford them.  n239

   Law firms appear to approach such cases in a haphazard fashion. A report on
legal aid in Shanghai notes that many firms there lack clear procedures for
determining when a client is eligible for discounted or free legal assistance.
n240 Beijing lawyers note a number of subjective factors, explaining that they
look at the general nature of a case, and that they are also influenced by
whether they feel some obligation to an intermediary who may have  [*239]
referred the potential client,  n241 and by the likelihood that the case will
receive media attention.

   2. Legal Aid in a For-Profit Firm

 At least one Chinese law firm has attempted to specialize in pro bono work and
to use revenue from fee-generating cases to fund it. Beginning in 1994,
Beijing's Minyan law firm sought to handle an equal volume of fee-generating and
pro bono legal work.  n242 In 1994, the firm handled forty pro bono cases, five
of which went to court.  n243 Among them was one high-profile women's rights
case waged on behalf of a woman jailed for criminal slander after she accused
her supervisor of sexual harassment.  n244

   Minyan's work was supported by an initial grant from the Ford Foundation. In
contrast to the Ford-supported university programs, however, Minyan found it
difficult to function as a quasi-autonomous legal aid provider. There were two
principal reasons for this. First, pressure to take profitable cases led to
divisions in the firm regarding the appropriate allocation of resources to pro
bono work.  n245 Such pressure is not unique to Minyan; in an extremely
competitive legal market like Beijing, it may be difficult to devote significant
resources to pro bono litigation and still succeed financially. Second, the firm
appears to have encountered resistance from the local justice bureau, which was
setting up its own legal aid program and thus did not want firms to operate
independently. Although the firm continues to handle a certain amount of legal
aid work, it no longer seeks parity between fee-generating and pro bono cases.

   In retrospect, Minyan's biggest problem may have been that it was a law firm.
The Wuhan University and Peking University programs appear to have succeeded at
least in part because they were established under university law departments and
are, therefore, not subject to regulation by their respective local justice
bureaus.

   Minyan's experience - as well as the experiences of other for-profit law
firms that have engaged in legal aid work - demonstrates that it is a mistake to
view the entire Chinese bar as being preoccupied with profit. The Minyan
lawyers, like those at the Wuhan and Beijing University Centers, suggest that an
increasing number of lawyers in China feel an obligation to help those in need.
Such lawyers appear more interested in pursuing pro bono cases on their own
initiative than in having cases assigned to them by local justice bureau
officials or government legal aid centers. Although the number of such lawyers
is small, their experiences - combined with the development of market-based
incentives, such as class actions, contingency fees, and increasingly large
damage awards - suggest that the willingness of the Chinese bar voluntarily to
undertake cases on behalf of the disadvantaged is likely to increase.

   IV. Questions in Practice

 The respective merits of the models discussed in Part III have generated
significant discussion among Chinese commentators, but many of the questions
that the development of legal aid in China raises are common to all models. This
section examines five such issues: the appropriate recipients of civil legal aid
, the role of legal aid in criminal proceedings, the  [*240]  obligation of
lawyers to provide legal aid, potential funding sources for legal aid programs,
and the role of non-governmental legal aid programs. How China addresses these
questions will be more important in shaping the evolution of legal aid than the
choice of any particular program model.

   These questions have implications beyond the provision of legal aid. The
availability of legal aid for civil plaintiffs, for example, reflects the
accessibility of the courts and law more generally, and the role of
non-governmental legal aid providers will likely parallel the development of
other non-governmental organizations. The questions that the development of
legal aid raises reflect broader questions in Chinese society; how they are
resolved will thus be a function both of the Ministry of Justice's policy toward
lawyers and legal aid and the evolution of Chinese society and policy more
generally.

   A. Civil Legal Aid: Selective Availability

 The massive potential demand for legal aid and the impossibility of meeting
that demand through existing programs alone means that identification of
appropriate targets for legal aid reflects competing choices for the allocation
of scarce resources.  n246 Although the Ministry of Justice has established
broad guidelines, there are significant differences in local regulations and
practices. This section first discusses the potential demand for legal aid and
then examines national and local attempts to define and prioritize areas in
which legal aid is available. Efforts to concentrate the provision of legal aid
in certain substantive areas provide insight into the goals of legal aid and
into the pressures legal aid providers confront. This section concludes with an
examination of two issues that have been prominent in discussions regarding
legal aid in China. These issues reflect broader questions regarding the role
legal aid should play in China's legal transformation: the availability of legal
aid to legal "persons," in particular economically troubled state-owned
enterprises, and the availability of legal aid in rural areas.

   1. Unlimited Demand?

 The demand for legal aid in China is potentially immense. At present, most
litigants in China are not represented by counsel. In 1996, for example, Chinese
courts reported hearing 4,889,353 cases,  n247 while lawyers reported
participating in only 863,574.  n248 The low rate of representation may in part
reflect traditional reluctance to use lawyers, but it also reflects a shortage
of lawyers and the prohibitive cost of those lawyers who are available.  n249
The biggest obstacle to the development of legal aid in China remains the slow
development of the legal profession: even with recent growth, the number of
lawyers in China is insufficient to cope with the massive number of people in
need of legal assistance.  n250

    [*241]  Ministry of Justice estimates demonstrate that, if even a small
percentage of China's poor or disadvantaged citizens were to seek legal aid, the
demands on the legal aid system would be enormous. China has approximately 85
million persons officially classified as impoverished.  n251 The Ministry notes
that if one percent of this group sought legal assistance each year, it would
mean 85,000 legal aid cases.  n252 In addition, the Ministry estimates that if
one percent of China's elderly and youth populations and three percent of its
disabled were to seek legal aid each year, they would generate an additional
300,000 cases.  n253 If every lawyer in China were to take one or two of those
cases, they would be able to meet only half of the estimated annual demand.
n254

   Estimates from one municipality, Chongqing, similarly demonstrate the
potential burden that increased demands for legal assistance may place on the
legal profession. Chongqing officials report that of a population of more than
15 million in 1996, 35,000 were elderly persons in rural areas receiving state
support, 75,000 were disabled, and more than 10,000 were urban residents with
monthly incomes below the municipal poverty line.  n255 Chongqing officials
estimate that if two percent of people in these three groups were to apply for
legal aid in a given year, the number of legal aid cases in Chongqing would be
approximately 30,000.  n256 This figure is seventy-five percent of the total
number of cases actually handled by Chongqing's seventy-one law firms in 1995.
n257

   Both the Ministry of Justice and Chongqing estimates are obviously rough.
n258 The sources of the one and two percent figures used to predict future
demand are unclear; there does not appear to be any statistics on the current
rates at which the groups in question seek legal advice. Yet the figures may
also underestimate demand. The Chongqing estimates, for example, do not take
account of the non-elderly rural poor, and both sets of statistics fail to
account for the possible demand for legal assistance by persons not officially
classified as impoverished who may nevertheless be unable to afford legal
assistance. Moreover, the statistics do not account for the concentration of
lawyers in urban areas; as discussed below, lawyers may be physically, as well
as financially, inaccessible to many of China's rural poor.

   The fact that even a significant commitment of funds to legal aid programs
will fall far short of demand demonstrates the need for China to consider how
best to balance competing demands for resources. Such considerations underlie
many efforts to establish legal aid  [*242]  programs. Although commentators
have put forth numerous suggestions - ranging from emphasizing criminal cases,
n259 to de-emphasizing individual cases in favor of disseminating general legal
advice,  n260 to relying on law students to provide legal aid  n261 - such
suggestions will likely make only a small dent in the need for significant
numbers of new legal workers.  n262 There is thus a need to consider the
development of legal aid alongside other mechanisms for increasing access to
legal services, including financial incentives for lawyers to represent those
unable to afford legal fees.

   2. Targets of Legal Aid: Eligibility of Individuals

 National and local guidelines and regulations address two aspects of
eligibility for legal aid: individuals who qualify for such assistance and types
of cases for which it should be made available. The Ministry of Justice has set
forth broad guidelines in statements by officials and through notices issued to
local justice bureaus. For example, Justice Minister Xiao writes that legal aid
should be available to persons facing economic difficulties and to juveniles,
women, the elderly, and the disabled.  n263 Similarly, the Ministry of Justice's
1997 Notice states that legal aid shall be available to persons who, due to
economic hardship, are unable to afford the cost of lawyers,  n264 as well as to
the groups identified by Xiao.  n265 Local regulations generally conform to
national guidelines. However, significant variations appear in practice,
particularly with regard to the stringency with which eligibility requirements
are applied and the availability of legal assistance to non-residents.

   a. Income Requirements

 All localities with legal aid programs apply some criteria of economic hardship
in determining eligibility. In general, economic hardship is measured in
accordance with local standards set by the local Bureau of Civil Affairs.  n266
However, the specificity and stringency of these measurements vary. In
Guangzhou, persons applying for legal aid must demonstrate their inability to
pay legal fees  n267 by showing that their income falls below the  [*243]  local
minimum income level.  n268 Similarly, Qingdao's regulations specify that to be
eligible for legal aid, applicants from rural areas must meet local standards
for eligibility for other forms of government aid; urban residents must either
have no income or income that falls below minimum monthly levels set by the
Qingdao government.  n269 Regulations in Pudong are stricter: to be eligible for
legal aid, clients are required to produce documentation showing that they are
already recipients of government benefits for the poor.  n270 In contrast, in
Jiangsu Province, persons seeking legal aid must be unable to pay legal fees and
must provide proof of their economic circumstances, but they do not have to meet
any specific monthly income level.  n271

   Despite such guidelines, some legal aid providers state that they are
flexible in their approach to eligibility requirements. Although regulations in
Zhengzhou provide that only individuals with a monthly income below the local
minimum level are eligible for legal aid,  n272 the Zhengzhou Legal Aid Center
provides free or discounted legal assistance to individuals with higher incomes
in accordance with individual circumstances.  n273 Even in Pudong, which appears
to have some of the strictest requirements, in cases in which the person seeking
legal assistance is not eligible for economic assistance but is unable to afford
a lawyer, the Center may refer her to a law firm and request that the firm
provide its services for a reduced fee.  n274 In Guangzhou, legal aid workers
similarly comment that they examine the particular circumstances of a case and
emphasize that, in domestic disputes, they are careful to consider the actual
income of the spouse seeking assistance - not the income of the entire household
- as the basis for determining eligibility for legal aid.  n275

   Discussion of eligibility requirements for legal aid generally focuses on the
possibility that China's legal aid providers will be overrun with requests for
assistance or that ineligible persons will take advantage of free services.
Observers similarly argue that legal aid should be provided only to applicants
able to prove economic hardship  n276 and that inability to pay  [*244]
litigation costs should not, absent some showing of severe economic hardship,
qualify a person for legal aid.  n277 In an apparent effort to discourage
ineligible persons from applying, at least two legal aid centers require
application fees. In Guangzhou, for example, regulations require applicants to
pay a thirty-yuan fee when applying to the center.  n278 If the case is
accepted, the fee is returned at the conclusion of the case; the fee is not
returned if the application is rejected.  n279 Yet such fees are likely to serve
as disincentives to those who may be eligible; the thirty-yuan fee may represent
a significant financial risk to individuals who are mistrustful or lack
knowledge of the legal system.

   The flexibility with which some providers apply income requirements reflects
a recognition that many persons who are not able to afford legal services may
not technically qualify as impoverished. The tension between rigid
income-eligibility requirements and flexible application may also reflect
ambiguity as to the aims of legal aid. To the degree that it is designed to
complement other government programs that address the needs of the impoverished,
limiting legal aid to persons meeting strict income standards is logical. If
legal aid is designed to address inequalities in power as well as income, to
make the legal system more accessible to individuals generally reluctant to
litigate, or to facilitate the protection of specific rights, strict income
requirements are less justifiable.

   b. Residence Requirements

 In addition to limiting the availability of legal aid to persons with income
below a certain level, regulations in some cities state that legal aid shall be
available only to local residents or to those with temporary residence permits.
n280 In Deyang, for example, recipients of legal aid must be permanent residents
of Deyang.  n281 Similarly, in Guangzhou, regulations limit legal aid to persons
holding permanent or temporary Guangzhou residence permits,  n282 thus excluding
the large number of unofficial migrant workers in Guangzhou who lack such
permits. In contrast, Wuhan's Justice Bureau writes that legal aid shall be
available to Chinese citizens  n283 involved in legal disputes in Wuhan,
regardless of their official place of residence.  n284

    [*245]  Even in areas where regulations exclude non-residents from legal aid
, actual practice may be flexible. Lawyers at the Guangzhou Legal Aid Center
state that in civil cases the Center may represent migrant workers who lack
residency documentation, depending on the nature of the case.  n285 In Pudong,
where regulations limit legal aid to Pudong residents or holders of temporary
residence permits, officials at the Pudong Legal Aid Center state that the
Center has handled some cases on behalf of unregistered migrant workers.  n286
The Qingdao Legal Aid Center reports that eight percent of the inquiries it
received in the first six months of 1997 were from non-Qingdao residents.  n287

   The reluctance of some legal aid centers to provide assistance to migrant
workers may reflect a more general ambiguity about the status of migrant workers
in urban China. Major cities in China have relied on migrant workers for much of
the labor required for massive construction projects, but migrant workers are
often blamed for recent increases in crime and other social ills.  n288
Residence requirements may also reflect local government parochialism:
reluctance to provide legal assistance to non-residents may be one manifestation
of local governments' tendencies to look after local interests - and only local
interests. Such limitations may, however, also reflect the view that legal aid
programs are a component of local social welfare benefits rather than a more
general mechanism for protecting rights.

   3. Subject Matter Regulations

 National and local guidelines and regulations also identify certain types of
cases as particularly worthy of legal aid. Although the lists of subjects are
broad and non-exclusive, they both suggest the areas of concern to Chinese
officials and reflect the areas most likely to receive attention from legal aid
providers. Justice Minister Xiao, for example, writes that legal aid is
appropriate for: persons who are seeking financial support for children or the
elderly, alimony, in labor disputes, and in claims alleging violation of
"democratic rights."  n289 Similarly, the Ministry of Justice's 1997 Notice,
while providing for legal assistance to be made available when needed,
identifies five suitable areas in the civil context: (1) claims for child
support, spousal support, or financial support for the elderly; (2) claims for
compensation due to harms suffered as a result of state actions; (3) tort claims
by the disabled, juveniles, or the elderly; (4) claims for compensation from the
state; and (5) claims for pensions or other forms of economic assistance.  n290

   Most local regulations mirror the categories identified in the 1997 Notice.
For example, Jiangsu's regulations state that legal aid is available in suits
for alimony, child  [*246]  support, or support for the elderly, as well as in
public harm cases, suits for labor insurance or death benefits, suits
challenging infringements of democratic rights, and in other cases in which laws
or regulations state that legal aid shall be available.  n291 Wuhan's
regulations provide for legal aid to be available in similar circumstances.
n292

   Unlike the national guidelines, however, some local regulations explicitly
prohibit certain types of cases. Pudong's guidelines state that legal aid shall
be limited to first-instance cases and shall not be available for appeals.  n293
Guangzhou's regulations include a list of cases in which legal aid shall not be
provided, including suits involving debts in which the amount in controversy is
less than 3000 yuan, cases in which legal procedures are so simple that lawyers
are not necessary, and cases involving reputational rights.  n294 The Guangzhou
Center also generally will not accept cases in which the applicant has already
failed to convince a court or arbitration panel to hear his claim,  n295 or
where it is likely that the claim will be unsuccessful.  n296

   The emphasis on certain subjects appears primarily designed to guide legal
aid workers in choosing cases. However, the emphasis on specific areas - in
particular the rights of women, the elderly, and children - also serves to
legitimize legal aid. The central government has devoted significant resources
to promoting the rights of those groups in recent years, both by enacting
specific laws and by engaging in educational campaigns.  n297 Focusing legal aid
on such cases suggests that it is consistent with - and an important element of
- other national policies, and thus may serve to deflect local arguments that
legal aid programs are too expensive or unnecessary.

   4. Representative Cases

 A full examination of the cases that government legal aid providers have
undertaken is beyond the scope of this article. However, a sampling of cases
illustrates a concern for individuals facing particular hardship.  n298 In one
women's rights case, for example, the  [*247]  Guangzhou Legal Aid Center
represented a disabled woman who had been abused by her husband. After the
husband abandoned her and emigrated to Australia, he petitioned for a divorce in
Australia. Lawyers from the Center wrote to the Australian court arguing that
the divorce and distribution of the couple's assets - all of which the husband
controlled - should be handled concurrently.  n299

   In the Guangzhou Center's most highly publicized civil case, Guangzhou Legal
Aid Center attorneys represented an eight year-old boy in a suit against his
mother for failure to pay child support, the first suit of its kind in China.
Despite having agreed to pay eighty yuan per month in child support, the mother
had severed all ties with the child after custody was granted to the boy's
father pursuant to a divorce agreement.  n300 After spending three months
tracking down the mother, lawyers from the Center filed suit on the boy's
behalf.  n301 The court ordered the mother to pay 5040 yuan to the boy in back
child support and 100 yuan a month until his eighteenth birthday.  n302 The
defendant mother initially sought to appeal the award, but the boy's lawyer
intervened and mediated a settlement.  n303

   Cases that legal aid lawyers have brought on behalf of the elderly have also
received widespread attention. In Zhengzhou, legal aid lawyers assisted a
sixty-seven year old woman in suing her daughter for failing to pay sufficient
monthly support; in court-supervised mediation the daughter agreed to increase
monthly payments from fifty yuan to eighty yuan.  n304 Similarly, in Pudong, the
legal aid center represented a ninety-two year-old woman seeking to evict her
grandson-in-law from her apartment. He moved out after the local court mediated
a settlement.  n305

   Many cases that legal aid lawyers have litigated have received extensive
press coverage. Although such coverage often borders on deification of the
lawyers, it also serves to raise awareness of the issues involved, to highlight
the availability of legal aid to those in need, and to demonstrate that legal
aid is serving to further worthy goals. By focusing attention on such cases,
legal aid providers may thus be increasing public awareness of the availability
of law as a mechanism for redress of grievances while also solidifying their own
positions.

   0  [*248]

   5. Non-Government Programs

 Non-governmental legal aid centers differ from governmental programs in their
approach to clients' eligibility and in the types of cases they undertake. The
two university-based programs apply few formal criteria to determine who should
receive assistance. The Wuhan University Center does not examine potential
clients' actual income before determining whether they are eligible. Instead,
lawyers at the Center state that they examine case details to determine whether
the circumstances suggest a need for assistance and whether the person has a
valid claim.  n306 They comment that their work is not directed at the poor but
rather at anyone in society who is in a weak position.  n307 The Center focuses
on those cases where legal assistance is likely to be of the most use: the
women's rights division, for example, may not accept a divorce case if the
divorce is not complicated and could be handled without legal assistance, but
will accept a complicated or contested case regardless of the applicant's income
level.  n308 Similarly, the Peking University Center chooses cases on the basis
of their substance. The Center's procedures state that it will represent women
who are either extremely poor, or whose cases are representative, typical, or
likely to attract public attention.  n309

   The university-based centers also differ from government programs in the
cases they handle. Although the women's rights, juvenile, handicapped, and
elderly rights divisions of the Wuhan University Center take many cases that
resemble those that government centers litigate,  n310 the Center has also
represented clients in a number of cases that fell outside the scope of
government legal aid programs. In particular, administrative cases - in which
individuals challenge government actions - constitute a large proportion of the
Center's cases.  n311 Lawyers report that, with the relevant administrative
department's cooperation, many such cases are resolved with relative ease. In
other cases, however, lawyers from the Center have assisted clients in bringing
suits challenging government actions. Cases have included a suit against a local
public security bureau on behalf of a woman wrongly jailed for thirty-five days
after publicly accusing her superior of corruption,  n312 a suit against the
[*249]  local public security bureau and industry and commerce bureau on behalf
of the family of a person who died of a heart attack during an argument over the
location of a vegetable stand,  n313 and a suit on behalf of peasants who
claimed that a local government had failed to pay adequate compensation when it
seized their land.  n314

   Although it has undertaken only one administrative case,  n315 the Peking
University Center has similarly handled a number of cases that would probably
fall outside the scope of government legal aid programs. In 1997, the Center
represented twenty-three women in a class action against an employer for failure
to pay their wages.  n316 The women, all migrant workers from Hebei Province,
worked for a Beijing garment factory for a year and a half, but received only a
small portion of the wages they were owed.  n317 After appeals to the Beijing
Labor Bureau, Women's Association, and Public Security Bureau yielded no
results, the women sought the assistance of the Peking University Center.  n318
The Center filed for arbitration with the Beijing Labor Bureau, charging both
that the factory had failed to pay them and that the women's working conditions
had violated numerous provisions of the Labor Law.  n319

   In another case, the Peking University Center represented a woman who had
been dismissed without cause from her job at a factory run by a local elementary
school. The Center challenged the school's action, the refusal of the local
education bureau to take action, and the refusal of the district labor bureau's
arbitration committee to hear the case.  n320 A summary prepared by the Center
states that the case was extremely difficult, due to weaknesses in the legal
system, and also to the incompetence of persons responsible for enforcing the
law.  n321 Other cases have included an appeal on behalf of a poor rural woman
injured in a traffic accident while visiting Beijing, in which the Center argued
that the actions of both the district traffic department and the district court
that first heard the case had violated the law.  n322 The Center has also
represented women forced to retire before the  [*250]  legally stipulated age.
n323 Additionally, a suit on behalf of a woman repeatedly abused by her husband
resulted in a criminal conviction of the husband.  n324

   6. Representation of Legal Entities

 In contrast to the general agreement among governmental legal aid programs
regarding the eligibility of individuals, there has been significant
disagreement as to whether legal aid should be available to legal entities, in
particular to state-owned enterprises. Few of China's leading legal aid programs
provide services to enterprises, but the debate over the issue illustrates
significant differences in how legal aid is viewed, both with regard to claims
by individuals against state entities and with regard to the relationship of
legal aid to the protection of individual rights.

   Although the 1997 Notice does not include references to legal entities,
apparently reflecting the Ministry of Justice's decision not to encourage legal
aid in this context,  n325 Minister Xiao comments that legal aid programs should
provide assistance to state-run or collective enterprises facing economic
difficulties.  n326 His comments mirror commentators' arguments that legal aid
should be available to state-owned enterprises as well as to workers.  n327
Rationales in favor of legal aid for enterprises range from the important role
played by state-owned industries in the Chinese economy to the theory that
benefits to enterprises will result in benefits to their workers.  n328

   Some local regulations state that legal aid is available to legal entities.
In Zhengzhou, the local legal aid center lists enterprises facing economic
difficulties as eligible recipients of legal aid.  n329 Regulations in Deyang
also explicitly state that legal entities are eligible.  n330 Other areas have
reported that local lawyers have been providing free legal advice to ailing
enterprises: in Changsha, for example, the legal aid bureau reported providing
advice to eighteen bankrupt enterprises.  n331

   Nevertheless, most legal aid programs, particularly those in Beijing,
Guangzhou, and Shanghai, have steered away from providing services to
enterprises. In Pudong, for example, officials argue that legal aid should be
available only to individuals.  n332 Commentators argue that legal aid should be
limited to natural persons,  n333 for both political  [*251]  and economic
reasons. One commentator notes that legal persons should not be the subject of
protections designed to promote human rights, and argues that providing legal
aid to legal persons would be at odds with China's efforts to shift to a market
economy, as such assistance would serve as an unfair subsidy to enterprises.
n334

   Differences of opinion regarding the provision of legal aid to enterprises
are partially regional: advocates of such aid appear to come largely from
regions heavily dependent on state-owned enterprises. Yet the differences in
opinion also reflect varied views about the relationship of legal aid to
individual rights. Advocates of legal aid for enterprises argue that protecting
the enterprise is the best mechanism for protecting the collective interests of
workers. Implicit in such arguments is the view that legal aid should serve
collective, rather than individual, goals. For example, a report by the justice
bureau of Jiangxi Province extols the assistance given by legal aid workers in
Jiangxi's Leping Municipality to enterprises facing difficulties competing in a
market economy because, when local enterprises face economic hardship, it is
difficult for them to protect the rights of their workers.  n335 Arguments in
favor of legal aid for legal persons may also reflect the belief that legal aid
programs are designed to supplement other government programs aimed at
alleviating inequalities arising from China's shift to a market economy, rather
than as a means to increase legal protection for individuals. Additionally,
arguments that the best way to protect workers is to provide legal assistance to
enterprises may be attempts to avoid the use of legal aid to challenge the
activities of such enterprises.

   Other commentators contend that legal aid is particularly important in
protecting the individual rights of employees and former employees of
state-owned enterprises,  n336 presumably because such persons are at risk as
enterprises lay off large numbers of workers. Commentators also emphasize the
importance of legal aid in ensuring that individuals are treated equally before
the law and that individual rights are protected.  n337 The many labor cases
legal aid providers have brought demonstrate that workers' interests may often
clash with their employers' interests.

   The Ministry of Justice's current opposition to legal aid for enterprises may
demonstrate a belief that legal aid should focus on improving individuals'
access to the legal system. Yet the view also likely reflects the belief that,
given the large number of struggling enterprises, their claims do not constitute
the best use of limited resources. Differences of opinion regarding the role
legal aid should play in protecting individual versus collective interests
persist, however, and permeate questions regarding the long-term development of
legal aid in China.

   7. Legal Aid in Rural Areas

 Most legal aid programs established to date have been located in major cities.
n338 Although some of the urban legal aid programs have handled cases on behalf
of the rural  [*252]  poor,  n339 few functional programs exist in rural areas,
where there are few lawyers and where lawyers often have difficulty making a
living.  n340 Indeed, one official in Beijing comments that in many rural areas,
any legal services that are available necessarily take the form of legal aid, as
few people can afford to pay even the low official rates for lawyers.  n341

   Legal aid programs are needed in rural areas not only to ensure that China's
rural poor receive equal treatment, but also because the legal problems of rural
residents may be particularly acute. One commentator argues that there is
greater need for legal aid programs in less-developed areas because (1) more
individuals and work units in these areas lack the money to pay for lawyers; (2)
the people in poorer areas have lower levels of legal consciousness and are thus
less likely to invoke the law to protect their rights; (3) lawyers and legal
service providers are scarce in rural and poor areas; and (4) those lawyers who
do practice in rural areas already have low incomes and are, therefore, unlikely
to take on legal aid cases voluntarily.  n342

   Ministry of Justice officials acknowledge the need to provide for rural legal
aid, but note that the lack of lawyers and funding will limit its development in
the short term.  n343 Newspapers report that legal aid centers have been
established in some rural areas, including one in a poor region in Shanxi
Province with five full-time lawyers.  n344 In addition, in Jiangxi Province,
the justice bureau in Leping Municipality, a predominantly rural area,
established a legal aid center in 1996. The center reports having provided
reduced-fee or free legal services in more than 200 matters in 1996.  n345 In
most other areas, however, local governments have not taken steps to establish
legal aid programs.  n346

   In view of rural resource limitations, commentators advocate requiring legal
aid lawyers from towns and cities to visit rural areas on a regular basis.  n347
Commentators also argue that legal aid should be provided not only by lawyers,
but also by notaries and local legal service workers.  n348 Indeed, in some
ways, China already has a system for providing legal aid in rural areas: in
addition to formal law offices, which are most often staffed by lawyers, there
are thousands of "legal service centers" in the countryside which are largely
staffed by non-lawyers.  n349 In 1996, there were 34,554 such offices, employing
a total of 110,000 persons, only 3599 of whom were lawyers.  n350

   One striking feature of China's development of a legal aid system is that the
Ministry of Justice - which oversees both legal aid programs and the rural legal
services centers -  [*253]  does not appear to be attempting to link the
development of legal aid to the work of the basic legal services centers.  n351
The program in Qianxi County, a rare example of the coordination of the two, has
been developed by the local women's organization rather than by the local
justice bureau. The existence of so many rural legal offices suggests that they
may provide a valuable means of addressing some of the need for legal
information and representation in rural areas.

   Much of legal development in China has been concentrated in economically
advanced areas. Economically advanced eastern regions have a disproportionate
percentage of the nation's lawyers,  n352 and courts are better financed there
than in rural areas.  n353 The development of substantive law has proceeded in a
similar fashion, with China initially focusing on enacting economic laws.  n354
Against that background, overcoming the concentration of legal aid in urban
areas is one aspect of the larger challenge of making law relevant for the
majority of China's population. Just as legal aid may promote the development of
law by ensuring that more people have access to it, bringing legal aid to rural
areas will be essential to ensuring that access to legal remedies is not viewed
as a benefit reserved for residents of economically developed regions.

   However, when it comes to making law accessible to rural residents, providing
lawyers and legal aid may be less important than remedying the structural
problems that undermine both the effectiveness of courts in rural China and
public confidence in those courts. Although the central government has
repeatedly stressed the need to boost legal awareness nationwide, some Chinese
observers argue that the tendency of people in rural China to bypass the formal
legal system may be due less to traditional reluctance to use law or the
inaccessibility of lawyers than to a lack of confidence in the legal system.
n355

   B. Legal Aid for Criminal Defendants

 Perhaps the biggest question facing those trying to determine how to allocate
the scarce resources available for legal aid in China is whether those resources
should be allocated to criminal or civil cases. The need for legal aid is most
vividly illustrated in criminal cases: most defendants are tried without the
assistance of counsel and courts are far more likely to issue lighter sentences
when a defense lawyer is present.  n356 Despite the rapid  [*254]  increase in
the number of lawyers in China, some justice bureau officials report that the
percentage of criminal cases in which the defendant is represented by an
attorney has actually been declining.  n357 Although the Ministry of Justice has
made a strong rhetorical commitment to legal aid in the criminal justice system,
n358 and although the provision of legal aid is mandatory in certain criminal
cases, only one of China's legal aid centers has devoted significant energy to
representing criminal defendants.  n359 This discrepancy may in part result from
the fact that courts rather than justice bureaus, have traditionally been
responsible for administering legal aid in criminal cases; institutional
conflicts inherent in the court system may slow the implementation of criminal
legal aid. Representation of criminal defendants also raises more difficult
questions regarding the purposes of legal aid programs, and the role of lawyers,
than does representation of parties seeking assistance in civil matters.

   China's 1996 Criminal Procedure Law establishes a broad framework for legal
aid in criminal cases.  n360 Following the promulgation of the revised Criminal
Procedure Law, the Ministry of Justice and the Supreme People's Court issued a
joint notice in April 1997 detailing the provision of legal aid to criminal
defendants.  n361 The notice states that in  [*255]  criminal cases in which
courts determine that a lawyer should be provided to the defendant, the local
legal aid organization shall be responsible.  n362 If no legal aid organization
has been established in the area, the local justice bureau is responsible for
organizing representation.  n363

   The notice also states that legal aid should be provided to disabled
defendants, juveniles, and defendants facing possible death sentences.  n364
Additionally, if a defendant faces economic hardship - as determined by local
government criteria - and the court believes that the defendant requires a
lawyer, it may refer the case to the local legal aid organization or justice
bureau.  n365 Finally, in other cases in which the court believes that the
defendant requires a lawyer, it may refer the case to the local legal aid
organization or justice bureau if the case meets one of six criteria: (1) the
defendant has no income and the court is unable to determine the economic
situation of the defendant's family; (2) the defendant has no source of income
and the defendant's family repeatedly refuses to pay for a lawyer; (3) the
defendant is a joint defendant and other defendants have hired lawyers; (4) the
defendant is a foreigner and has not hired a lawyer; (5) the case has major
social importance; or (6) the court believes that the reasons for bringing suit
or the evidence in the case are questionable and may influence the court's
ability to reach a correct verdict.  n366 In addition, the Supreme People's
Court in 1997 issued a notice requiring courts to appoint defenders for capital
appeals.  n367

   Although the joint notice of April 1997 does not mandate the provision of
counsel to all criminal defendants, or even to all those unable to afford a
lawyer, its inclusion of specific criteria for courts to use in determining
whether to assign counsel should result in legal aid being available in a
broader range of cases than under the 1979 Criminal Procedure Law. However, even
if lawyers are assigned in a wider range of cases, they may find it difficult to
represent their clients adequately. The notice, like the revised Criminal
Procedure Law, requires courts to assign cases to legal aid providers just ten
days in advance of trial.  n368 No provision is made for the assignment of
counsel prior to the trial stage.  n369

    [*256]  Moreover, despite the notice, it appears that only one legal aid
center - the Guangzhou Legal Aid Center - has undertaken a significant volume of
criminal cases.  n370 In most other  [*257]  cities, even those with functioning
legal aid programs, courts continue to assign criminal cases directly to law
firms as they did under the 1979 Criminal Procedure Law.  n371 The failure of
legal aid programs to represent criminal defendants may be due to slow
implementation of the provisions of the revised Criminal Procedure Law and the
notice by local justice bureaus and courts. In particular, it appears that
courts are moving sluggishly to expand the scope of defendants entitled to legal
aid to include those who are impoverished.  n372 However, there may also be
resistance to this change from some law firms. Although most lawyers avoid
court-appointed cases because of the low fees they receive for taking them, some
firms and lawyers do rely on such cases to generate a steady, albeit small,
income.  n373

   The Guangzhou Legal Aid Center is responsible for providing a lawyer in all
criminal cases in which a first-instance trial is held in the Guangzhou
Intermediate People's Court and in which the defendant has not hired a lawyer.
Cases tried in intermediate courts - as opposed to district or local courts -
are those in which the defendant faces a possible death sentence or life
imprisonment, cases involving counter-revolutionary activity or violations of
state security, and cases in which the defendant is a foreigner.  n374 The
Guangzhou Center does not distinguish between local residents and non-Guangzhou
residents in criminal cases: the Center represents anyone in need of legal aid
in a criminal case brought in the intermediate court.  n375

   The Guangzhou program has a number of advantages over the former system of
assigning cases to law firms. Lawyers at the Center argue that, prior to its
establishment, courts in Guangzhou haphazardly assigned criminal cases to firms
with little oversight of the quality of representation.  n376 The current system
permits lawyers at the Center to develop  [*258]  expertise in criminal defense
work, which is often not possible when courts assign cases to firms.  n377
Full-time legal aid lawyers may also be able to develop relationships with the
courts that permit greater access to clients than is otherwise possible: lawyers
at the Center state that, in general, Guangzhou courts notify the Center of a
case fifteen days in advance of trial instead of the ten days that the revised
Criminal Procedure Law requires.  n378

   Examples of cases the Guangzhou Center has undertaken suggest that, in
certain circumstances, the Center is having a significant effect on the outcome
of criminal cases. The Guangzhou Center undertook one of its most well-known
cases just three days after the Center's formal opening, when the Guangdong
Provincial High People's Court assigned it the appeal of a group of defendants
convicted of a series of murders.  n379 The Center organized twelve lawyers to
represent them.  n380 The Shenzhen Intermediate Court had sentenced all of them
to death, but on appeal, the Center's lawyers successfully argued that the
sentence of one defendant - who had been present at only one of the murders and
claimed to have been unaware of the plans of the murderers - should be reduced
to life imprisonment.  n381

   Lawyers at the Center recall that in the first ten months after the Center
was established, there were at least ten similar cases in which arguments by its
lawyers succeeded in convincing courts to reduce sentences or to convict
defendants of lesser crimes than those initially charged.  n382 In one case,
they saved a defendant's life by proving that he was not yet eighteen years old,
and thus could not legally be sentenced to death.  n383 Although the Center's
success rate may appear low in light of the total number of cases it has
handled, and it does not appear to have won any acquittals, the Center's
achievements are considerable in a system in which virtually all defendants are
found guilty.  n384

    [*259]  Yet lawyers at the Center view themselves as not only defending
their clients' interests, but also as assisting in the effective implementation
of China's criminal laws. A lawyer from the Center writes that one goal in
criminal cases is to encourage defendants to admit their crimes.  n385 The first
annual report of the Guangzhou Legal Aid Center similarly emphasizes that an
important role of its lawyers has been to educate defendants about the law and
help them to acknowledge their crimes.  n386 There is practical justification
for attempts to convince defendants to admit their crimes: one lawyer reports
that by convincing her client to admit wrongdoing, she was able to persuade the
prosecutor to recommend leniency.  n387 However, such efforts also demonstrate
the degree to which government legal aid lawyers must continually balance
obligations to their clients with their roles as state workers.

   Tensions between the Guangzhou Center's obligations to its clients and to the
state were particularly evident during the 1996 Strike Hard anti-crime campaign.
Lawyers from the Center assisted courts in rapidly trying cases by ensuring that
clients accused of serious crimes were represented by counsel.  n388 In many
instances, lawyers assumed cases on extremely short notice. For example, in one
high-profile case,  n389 they represented five defendants charged with the
murder of two police officers.  n390 The case was assigned five days prior to
trial; the Center reported that lawyers worked overtime to ensure that the case
could be heard promptly.  n391 Another Guangzhou lawyer reported seeing her
client only twice prior to trial for a capital offense.  n392 The provision of
lawyers on short notice - and the comments of lawyers to the effect that they
are ensuring the speedy disposition of cases - suggests that the provision of
counsel in some circumstances is seen more as a procedural hurdle than as a
substantive right.

   The dual role that legal aid lawyers must play reflects a system in which
trials determine punishment, not guilt or innocence.  n393 Nevertheless, even if
lawyers are available only for trials - and not at the pre-trial stage when
guilt or innocence is determined - and often lack time to prepare fully, the
provision of lawyers to all defendants in Guangzhou who are charged with serious
crimes represents significant progress. More important than the provision of
counsel, however, is the fact that lawyers at the Guangzhou Center appear to be
developing both expertise in criminal cases and a relationship with the courts
that allows them to offer arguments on their clients' behalf. Lawyers at the
Center repeatedly emphasize that they have established a good working
relationship with the Guangzhou  [*260]  courts and have won the courts'
respect.  n394 As a result, the intermediate court apparently keeps the Center
informed of upcoming cases and in certain cases takes arguments made by the
Center's lawyers into account in reaching judgments, perhaps to a greater degree
than it would be willing to do with ordinary court-appointed lawyers.

   The experience of the Guangzhou Center also demonstrates that it may be
misguided to assume that an increasingly independent bar will necessarily result
in greater protection of client interests. Aspects of the 1996 revisions to the
Criminal Procedure Law designed to increase lawyers' access to information
regarding clients' cases prior to trial may not be having the intended results.
n395 As prosecutors come to see defense lawyers as adversaries, they may be
increasingly unwilling to provide them with information regarding cases, even
when required to do so by law.  n396

   The effectiveness of legal aid lawyers at the Guangzhou Center results in
part from the fact that they are state workers, and thus do not appear to be
viewed as adversaries by other government actors. As a result, the Guangzhou
legal aid lawyers may actually have greater access to information regarding
their clients than do independent defense lawyers.  n397

   The potential for other legal aid programs to follow the Guangzhou model of
representation of and on criminal defendants is unclear. Their ability and
willingness to take criminal cases will be one measure of whether the 1996
Criminal Procedure Law's expansion of both the role of lawyers in the criminal
justice process and the categories of defendants entitled to a lawyer serve as
tangible substantive protections or as mere procedural formalities. However, the
ability of legal aid lawyers to play greater roles in criminal proceedings will
also be a function of the resources local governments commit to legal aid, and
of the relationship of courts to justice bureaus and lawyers. For example,
courts in some areas have been enthusiastic about expanding legal aid in
criminal cases, in part because such courts see the expansion of legal aid
programs as an opportunity to shift responsibility for paying fees for
court-appointed lawyers from the courts to justice bureaus.  n398

   Moreover, Chinese observers have noted that the most obvious result of
expanding legal aid in criminal cases will likely be an increase in guilty pleas
by defendants.  n399 Although the presence of defense counsel may result in
prosecutors being more careful in their preparation of cases, more general
weaknesses in the criminal justice system will likely continue to stymie the
efforts of even the most diligent legal aid lawyers. For example, although
courts may be reluctant to appoint defense counsel, courts are also much more
[*261]  receptive to the involvement of legal aid lawyers than are either
prosecutors or the police, and many defendants with a legitimate defense find it
nearly impossible to present evidence because they lack a means of compelling
testimony by witnesses.  n400

   The development of legal aid in criminal cases will also influence the
broader range of programs and lawyers. It will define the degree to which legal
aid lawyers serve as government actors or independent representatives of their
clients' interests.  n401 Experiences of lawyers at the Guangzhou Center
demonstrate both the difficulty and the importance of balancing those roles. The
need for such balancing is not limited to criminal cases, but the conflict
between client and state interests is more likely to arise in criminal than in
civil cases.

   The development of legal aid for criminal defendants will also reflect the
degree to which legal aid evolves from a program designed to remedy economic
inequality - as manifested by inability to pay legal fees - into a mechanism for
protecting individual rights. The present emphasis on civil cases by legal aid
programs outside of Guangzhou suggests that legal aid is largely serving as a
means of addressing unequal access to the legal system, whereas the Guangzhou
Center's focus on criminal cases suggests a greater concern with improving the
fairness and accuracy of the system more generally.

   C. Obligations of Lawyers: Mandating Professionalism?

 China's efforts to construct a legal aid system have proceeded on the
assumption that a significant portion of legal aid work will be done by lawyers
on a compulsory basis. Although mandatory pro bono requirements are uncommon
elsewhere in the world, they are consistent with China's approach to the legal
profession. As Part II discussed, until 1996 lawyers in China were officially
termed state legal workers, and even the new Lawyers Law obliges lawyers to
uphold the Chinese Constitution  n402 - and thus the leadership of the Communist
Party.  n403 Chinese lawyers continue to have responsibilities both to their
clients and to the state.  n404

   The Lawyers Law sets forth in broad terms lawyers' obligation to engage in
legal aid.  n405 The Ministry of Justice's 1997 Notice offers little in the way
of clarification, stating only that all lawyers, notaries, and basic level legal
workers should engage in pro bono work.  n406 The Notice leaves specific
requirements regarding the volume of such work to the determination of
provincial and local justice bureaus.  n407

    [*262]  Numerous local regulations mandate that lawyers accept a certain
number of legal aid cases per year. Lawyers in Pudong, for example, are required
to handle at least one legal aid case assigned to them by the Pudong Legal Aid
Center each year;  n408 some cities similarly require lawyers to handle one or
two legal aid cases per year.  n409 Other areas mandate legal aid work without
imposing specific numbers of cases. Jiangsu's regulations, for example, state
that all law firms in the province must handle legal aid cases assigned by the
provincial or local justice bureau or lawyers' association, and that lawyers
must handle such legal aid cases as are assigned to them by their law firms.
n410 The Jiangsu regulations also state that, provided an applicant meets the
requirements for legal aid, law firms may not for any reason refuse to provide
it.  n411

   However, some localities appear to grant lawyers discretion as to the number
and type of legal aid work they undertake. In Guangzhou, regulations state that
all Guangzhou lawyers are required to engage in legal aid work,  n412 but do not
state how many cases each lawyer is required to handle. Instead, the regulations
provide for the Guangzhou Legal Aid Center to maintain a list of lawyers willing
to participate in legal aid work, and the number of cases such lawyers are
willing to undertake.  n413 Thus, in practice, whether or not to engage in legal
aid is left to lawyers to decide.

   Although there appears to be broad agreement among China's justice bureaus
that lawyers should be required to engage in legal aid work, local regulations
differ as to whether lawyers may be reimbursed for the costs incurred. In
Beijing, lawyers who perform legal aid work may apply to the Beijing Legal Aid
Fund for compensation.  n414 Similar provisions are in place in other cities.
n415 In contrast, lawyers in Pudong do not receive compensation for expenses
incurred in legal aid cases.  n416 Pudong officials explicitly criticize schemes
in which lawyers are reimbursed from a legal aid fund, arguing that lawyers have
a duty to society to provide legal aid and, thus, should not be compensated.
n417

   Debate over whether or not lawyers should receive compensation may be more
ideological than financial. Amounts paid are often small  n418 and tend to cover
expenses incurred in performing legal aid work rather than substituting for
legal fees.  n419 In addition,  [*263]  the funds used to compensate lawyers for
legal aid work derive in significant part from lawyers themselves, and thus
increased compensation might simply result in increased taxation of lawyers.
However, differences in opinion do reflect the degree to which even the ethical
obligations of lawyers may be seen in economic terms, and the recognition by
officials in some areas that it may be difficult to compel lawyers to take legal
aid cases absent some form of compensation.

   The extent to which lawyers comply with mandatory pro bono obligations is
unclear. Many lawyers have refused to take pro bono cases,  n420 but it is not
clear whether they have refused in areas where they are explicitly required to
engage in legal aid work. In Guangzhou, local justice bureau officials cite the
fact that less than ten percent of all Guangzhou lawyers have voluntarily taken
legal aid cases as an argument for requiring each of them to handle at least one
case each year.  n421 In areas where formal requirements are not in place, the
general language of the Lawyers Law  n422 may permit lawyers to avoid any actual
legal aid work. In addition, lawyers comment privately that many lawyers seek to
avoid legal aid work, that lawyers often do not take such work seriously, and
that law firms often assign it to young or retired lawyers.  n423 Similarly,
commentators criticize the Wuhan Justice Bureau legal aid program - which relies
entirely on local lawyers - for failing to state explicitly that lawyers are
required to engage in legal aid work, for failing to provide mechanisms for
resolving conflicts between lawyers' regular work and their legal aid work, and
for failing to establish procedures for disciplining lawyers or law firms that
refuse to undertake legal aid work, or that are half-hearted in carrying it out.
n424

   It is uncertain how far local justice bureaus are able or willing to go to
ensure that lawyers carry out their obligations to engage in legal aid work, or
to ensure that lawyers who do undertake such work do so diligently. The 1997
Ministry of Justice Notice states that local justice bureaus may fine or refuse
to renew the registration of law firms and legal service providers who fail to
take legal aid work, or whose lack of diligence in performing it causes
significant harm to legal aid clients.  n425 However, there do not appear to be
any cases of lawyers actually having been disciplined for neglecting their
duties in this area. Moreover, it appears that when lawyers refuse pro bono
criminal defense work, courts usually just assign another lawyer or law firm to
the case.  n426

   The ability of local justice bureaus and legal aid programs to compel lawyers
to engage in legal aid may reflect both the independence of the Chinese bar and
the ability of the Ministry of Justice to impose ethical standards.  n427 To
date, the Chinese bar has been  [*264]  largely undisciplined, with little
enforcement of ethical or legal standards. Indeed, support for mandatory legal
aid requirements appears to stem at least partially from the belief that lawyers
have been neglecting their obligations to society. Given the failure of many in
the legal profession to honor existing ethical and legal obligations, the
effectiveness of mandatory legal aid obligations is questionable. In Beijing,
for example, many law firms send their least experienced lawyers or legal
assistants to fulfill the firm's legal aid obligations, and the legal aid center
has no mechanism for monitoring their performance.  n428

   Mandatory pro bono requirements also reflect the uncertain position of
lawyers in the Chinese legal system. National and local governments' reliance on
lawyers to engage in legal aid work may reflect the notion that lawyers have
certain obligations to society that derive from their membership in the legal
profession, but it also suggests that officials responsible for regulating
lawyers continue to see them as state legal workers. Indeed, justice bureaus,
rather than lawyers' associations, have been responsible for imposing legal aid
requirements, demonstrating that responsibility for the regulation of lawyers
has yet to shift away from the Ministry of Justice and local justice bureaus to
the ostensibly independent lawyers' associations.

   The Beijing Justice Bureau's efforts to regulate legal aid work by law firms
suggests that legal aid requirements may reflect attempts by justice bureaus to
exert control over the legal profession. In addition to requiring law firms to
perform legal aid work assigned to them, the Beijing Justice Bureau prohibits
law firms from undertaking pro bono work without approval from the Beijing legal
aid center - approval that can be extremely difficult to obtain.  n429
Concurrently, the Bureau has imposed regulations requiring that each lawyer in
Beijing handle a minimum of twelve cases per year and that each law firm must
have an annual income of at least 800,000 yuan.  n430 Lawyers complain that such
regulations both discourage pro bono work, and make it unlikely that lawyers
will undertake complex or difficult for-profit work.  n431

   D. Funding: Taxation to Provide Representation?

 Regardless of the effectiveness of mandatory pro bono requirements, the
expansion of legal aid programs is contingent on the availability and allocation
of significant financial resources. An increased volume of pro bono work by
lawyers may provide a significant boost to legal aid programs, but most
officials, lawyers, and commentators acknowledge that the establishment of legal
aid centers staffed by full-time legal aid workers is necessary.  n432  [*265]
Although the development of China's economy has made legal aid feasible,  n433
lack of funding remains a massive obstacle to the expansion of legal aid.  n434

   China's national and local legal aid authorities are in the process of
developing a wide range of strategies to address the need for funds, ranging
from the establishment of foundations to fund legal aid work, to the taxation of
lawyers' incomes, to soliciting funds from abroad. Funding questions are
important not only because they will determine the degree to which the current
promise of legal aid becomes a reality, but also because they reflect underlying
issues: the degree to which legal aid is a government priority, given other
demands on government finances; whether legal aid is an obligation of the state,
the legal profession, or both; the degree to which China may be able to rely on
non- or quasi-government actors to fund government policy objectives; and the
degree to which China welcomes foreign participation in the continued evolution
of its legal system.

   China's central authorities have not matched their rhetorical commitment to
legal aid with a significant allocation of funds. The precise amount the central
government has committed to legal aid is unclear;  n435 at present, funding
appears limited to supporting the Ministry of Justice's Legal Aid Office.
Although Ministry officials emphasize that the state has the responsibility to
provide and at least partially fund legal aid, they write that local and
provincial governments should supply funding as part of their duty to protect
citizens' legal rights.  n436

   Instead of allocating significant central government funds, in 1997, China
established the National Legal Aid Foundation to collect, manage, and disburse
funds for legal aid.  n437 Funding sources include contributions from domestic
organizations, enterprises, and individuals, as well as earnings on securities
purchased by the foundation.  n438 The foundation supports legal aid work by
funding local legal aid organizations.  n439 Its funds are to be used to support
parties in civil, criminal, and administrative litigation as well as in
non-litigation matters.  n440

   Some local governments have begun to devote significant resources to legal
aid. Both the Qingdao and Guangzhou municipal governments, for example, allocate
300,000 yuan a year to their respective legal aid programs.  n441 Beijing
officials report the establishment of the Beijing Legal Aid Fund with three
million yuan.  n442 Yet Ministry of Justice officials comment that although
legal aid is a government activity that local governments should be  [*266]
responsible for funding, in reality governments in most regions lack the
necessary funds.  n443 However, the failure of local governments to fund legal
aid programs is not limited to less developed areas. In Pudong, for example, the
local government did not provide any funds to support the establishment of the
legal aid center.  n444 Instead, one Shanghai law firm donated 100,000 yuan to
cover the center's start-up costs, and all law firms bear the costs incurred in
legal aid work.  n445

   Local government resistance to funding legal aid appears to stem both from
the view that legal aid is the responsibility of lawyers  n446 and from
disapproval of the goals of legal aid. Some local government objections to
government-funded legal aid appear to have stemmed from the belief that lawyers
have become exceedingly wealthy. In other cases, officials have reportedly
objected to paying for legal representation for those charged with crimes or for
lawyers representing plaintiffs suing the local government.  n447

   Most cities and provinces with legal aid programs fund them in part by
requiring lawyers to contribute to local legal aid funds. In Zhengzhou, each law
firm is required to maintain its own legal aid fund.  n448 Zhengzhou required
firms to contribute between 1000 and 5000 yuan to the funds at their inception
in 1995 and to contribute one percent of the firms' annual business incomes in
each subsequent year.  n449 Similarly, in Jiangsu, each justice bureau, lawyers'
association, and law firm is required to establish a legal aid fund.  n450
Provincial and municipal lawyers' associations - themselves funded largely by
lawyers - are required to provide two to three percent of their annual budgets
to legal aid funds; law firms are required to contribute one percent of their
annual dues collected to their legal aid funds.  n451

   Requirements that lawyers contribute money to cover legal aid expenses are
justified by the argument that supporting legal aid is one aspect of lawyers'
professional  [*267]  obligations.  n452 In practice, such requirements appear
to allow local governments to establish legal aid programs with little, if any,
direct financial support. Moreover, appeals to the professional obligations of
lawyers appear somewhat anomalous given the limited steps that local or national
authorities have taken either to permit the development of an autonomous legal
profession or to strengthen the ethical conduct of lawyers.  n453

   Lawyers are not the only funding source that local justice bureaus have
pursued, however. Guangzhou's regulations also provide for funds to come from
domestic and foreign contributors.  n454 Numerous commentators have similarly
suggested that contributions from society should be used to supplement
government funds allocated to legal aid.  n455 It is unclear how successful such
appeals have been.

   Reliance on contributions to support legal aid follows recent government
efforts to encourage private donations to support anti-poverty work.  n456 Such
efforts are part of a broader campaign to encourage individuals and enterprises
that have become economically successful to make contributions to society.  n457
Yet such appeals also appear to be attempts by the central government to further
the policy goals of assisting the poor and addressing increased economic
inequality without making significant financial outlays.  n458

   China's willingness to accept contributions for legal aid from abroad is
unclear. Despite widespread recognition of the need for additional funding
sources, the 1997 Notice also states that funds will not "at present" be
accepted from outside China.  n459 The ban on foreign funds came in the wake of
new restrictions that China imposed in 1997 on the use of funds from foreign
non-governmental organizations and foundations.  n460

    [*268]  Prior to 1997, at least one justice bureau legal aid provider had
received international funding.  n461 The United Nations Development Program
funds the Qingdao Legal Aid Center,  n462 supporting six full-time employees for
a three-year period.  n463 However, it is unclear whether United Nations funds
are covered by the restriction on foreign funds.  n464 The 1997 State Council
circular, imposing restrictions on the use of foreign funds to support academic
research, exempts United Nations funds.  n465 In addition, most of China's
non-governmental legal aid centers receive support from the Ford Foundation; the
Asia Foundation has also provided some support. The potential for additional
funding from abroad is significant: legal aid was highlighted as a potential
area for Sino-American cooperation during President Clinton's June 1998 visit to
China.  n466

   It is unclear how strictly the ban on foreign funds will be applied. The
Ministry of Justice appears concerned principally with monitoring, rather than
restricting, funds from abroad and has indicated a willingness to use foreign
funds to support specific projects, including exchanges of legal aid workers and
experts.  n467 Moreover, although the ban initially appeared to apply to all
legal aid programs, it now appears to apply only to provincial and local
programs, and thus not to the Ministry itself.  n468

   Local areas appear unlikely to observe the ban. In July 1997, one month after
the Ministry of Justice issued the Notice, the Beijing Justice Bureau requested
that foreign law firms with offices in Beijing make contributions to the Beijing
Legal Aid Fund.  n469 Although such a request might not technically violate the
Notice (contributions from the Beijing offices of foreign law firms may be
considered as contributions from within China), it does suggest that local
officials recognize that foreign funds may provide a valuable source of support
for legal aid work.

   Reluctance to use foreign funds may stem in part from concern over foreign
influence on the evolution of the Chinese legal system. As Part V.A. discusses
in more detail, China's development of legal aid programs appears to be driven
to some extent by a wish to improve the international image of its legal system.
Although China may be embracing the rhetoric of human rights as a justification
for legal aid, it also appears concerned that other nations  [*269]  may attempt
to manipulate contributions to legal aid programs to pursue interests in tension
with the goals China has established for those programs.

   China's approach to financial contributions from the legal profession and
from foreign sources further illustrates a paradox at the heart of its efforts
to develop legal aid. The central government and local authorities view
provision of legal aid as the duty of the state, but they do not consider its
funding a state responsibility.  n470 This contradiction has the potential to
stymie the development of legal aid. Lacking significant financial support from
the state, the government is relying on the legal profession just as the
profession is taking its first steps away from direct state control. Yet the
legal profession is itself ill-equipped to handle the immense task of
facilitating access to law.

   The approach China has taken to funding legal aid resembles the central
government's approach to legal development in other areas. Although authorities
in Beijing appear to recognize the need to provide lawyers with incentives to
take cases in new substantive areas, the central government has been reluctant
to grant lawyers the necessary financial incentives. Similarly, central
authorities have advocated improvements in the courts without providing the
necessary financial support and have pushed local authorities to implement new
laws without providing sufficient resources. Moreover, China has repeatedly
drawn on Western law in drafting legislation, but has remained wary of excessive
foreign involvement in legal reform in China.

   E. The Role of Non-Governmental Organizations

 The central government's desire to maintain control over legal development is
further displayed by its lukewarm attitude toward non-governmental legal aid
providers. A small number of independent legal aid programs are functioning, but
their status is uncertain. The experiences of China's non-governmental legal aid
providers suggest that the degree to which independent legal aid providers are
permitted to continue to develop will be a function of the central government's
willingness to loosen control of the legal profession and of the degree to which
legal aid in China becomes a mechanism not only for representing the interests
of individual clients, but also for pursuing broader goals. Their experiences
also reflect what it means to be "non-governmental" in China, in particular
within a legal system that is still state-centered.

   Government officials and commentators repeatedly emphasize that the provision
of legal aid is the responsibility of the state.  n471 Officials justify this
view by arguing that virtually all legal aid systems in the world have been
established by national governments.  n472 Officials also write that the
provision of legal aid is, by definition, government action and is thus distinct
from services provided by lawyers on their own or by other organizations.  n473
[*270]  Such views are also consistent with traditional Confucian and socialist
views of harmony between individual and state interests. The Ministry of
Justice's 1997 Notice, although not barring non-governmental providers, states
that legal aid work by organizations and groups other than justice bureaus shall
be supervised by the governmental legal aid center in the area.  n474 Likewise,
in Guangzhou, local regulations explicitly ban organizations other than the
Guangzhou Legal Aid Center from engaging in legal aid work without approval from
the Center.  n475

   Despite these regulations, officials responsible for legal aid programs at
both the national and local levels are not hostile to non-governmental programs.
When queried, local officials do not rule out a role for non-governmental legal
aid providers, but say that legal aid should be the responsibility of the
government, since it is able to implement legal aid in an organized fashion.
n476 Ministry of Justice officials state that they support the development of
non-governmental programs, but that local justice bureaus should regulate them
to ensure uniform quality of services.  n477 At least one Chinese legal aid
lawyer has written of the important role played by non-governmental groups in
the growth and implementation of legal aid programs in the West, arguing that
the Western experience demonstrates that legal aid is the responsibility of both
government and society, and that China should likewise rely on both the
government and other organizations.  n478 Moreover, China's press has given
widespread positive coverage to both the Wuhan University and Peking University
programs.  n479

   General central government policy on non-governmental organizations will
likely determine the evolution of non-governmental legal aid programs in China.
n480 Although there were historically no non-governmental organizations in
China, a small number of groups that classify themselves as such has emerged in
recent years.  n481 These organizations are either nominally established under a
government entity  n482 or registered as businesses,  n483  [*271]  but are
funded by contributions and receive no government funding. Such organizations
also maintain good contacts with the government, however, and generally pursue
goals in harmony with those of the central government.

   The few non-governmental legal aid programs in existence in China today
follow a similar model. Both the Wuhan University and Peking University legal
aid centers are technically established under state entities - the law
departments of their respective universities - but receive no state funds and
operate autonomously. Both consider themselves to be non-governmental.  n484
Although pursuing a wide range of cases, including suits against local
government departments, the two centers have also maintained good contacts and
relationships with a variety of government actors. They also emphasize that
their activities complement, rather than compete with, the development of
state-funded legal aid programs; the Peking University Center, for example,
notes that despite the positive steps taken to develop legal aid nationwide,
many women remain without recourse to legal aid.  n485

   Although the goals that the two university-based centers pursue are largely
consistent with the goals of governmental legal aid programs, they may also
compete with governmental programs for funds. The Wuhan University Center
receives approximately half of its funds from the Ford Foundation; the remainder
comes from a variety of sources, including donations from domestic corporations,
law firms, and organizations.  n486 The Peking University Center is funded
almost entirely by the Ford Foundation. As the governmental programs
increasingly seek funds - including funds from international donors - they may
come to see independent legal providers as rivals to the development of a
government-backed legal aid system.

   Indeed, the success of the university-based programs may be due in part to
their predating the Ministry of Justice's enthusiastic embrace of legal aid. The
Wuhan Center was established in 1992, two years before the Ministry of Justice
issued its first statements regarding the importance of legal aid. The Peking
University Center was established in 1996, just as government efforts to
construct a legal aid system were gathering steam. There is no evidence of more
recent efforts to launch non-governmental legal aid programs. Other universities
have expressed interest in establishing legal aid programs, but they appear to
be contemplating them largely in concern with local justice bureaus.  n487

   Although the Wuhan and Peking University-based centers may complement the
work of governmental legal aid providers, they also appear to be assuming more
aggressive roles by representing clients in cases that governmental programs
might be reluctant to take and explicitly linking their work to advocacy. The
Wuhan University Center has brought a significant volume of suits against local
government authorities; in contrast, there is no evidence of governmental legal
aid providers pursuing similar administrative litigation. Similarly, the Peking
University Center mounted a class action on behalf of migrant workers against a
Beijing employer who failed to pay their wages; governmental legal aid providers
have represented few, if any, class action litigants.

    [*272]  Both centers have also used their legal aid work as a basis for
scholarship and, particularly in the case of the Peking University Center, for
advocating specific policy goals. Lawyers at the Center state that they hope to
use their experience representing clients and responding to inquiries to draft
reports directed at influencing future laws relating to the protection of
women's rights.  n488 In 1997, lawyers from the Center held a seminar with
members of the group of academics and officials responsible for drafting a
revised Marriage Law.  n489 Participants noted that women in China face a range
of problems that existing laws do not adequately address, including domestic
violence, an increased divorce rate, employment inequalities, and difficulties
finding work after being laid off.  n490 In late 1997, the Peking University
Center was scheduled to issue a book on women's rights and interests, as well as
reports on a number of its high-profile cases.  n491 The Wuhan Center has used
its experience to publish six books  n492 on such topics as women's rights,
juvenile rights, the rights of the disabled, and the rights of the
disadvantaged,  n493 and to suggest revisions to a number of laws.  n494

   The degree to which non-governmental legal aid programs develop may also
depend on the roles governmental legal aid providers assume. In particular, the
ability of non-governmental legal aid providers to use their experiences to
support arguments for broader legal reform may encourage governmental legal aid
providers to do the same. Indeed, there is some evidence of governmental
providers using their experiences to advocate legal or procedural changes.
Lawyers in Guangzhou, for example, appear to have enjoyed some success in
convincing courts to implement procedures that facilitate representation of
criminal defendants. Similarly, legal aid lawyers from rural areas have used
their experiences to argue that greater attention must be paid to the legal
needs of China's rural poor. The ill-defined role of non-governmental
organizations in China means that, for the time being, governmental programs
will be the primary legal aid providers,  n495 but the few non-governmental
programs that do exist may nonetheless be able to use their position to expand
the role practitioners play in debates over legal reform.

   The existence of non-governmental legal aid programs also raises the question
of what it means to be a non-governmental actor in a legal system that remains
largely state-controlled. Just as the advent of non-governmental organizations
in China is a result of the decrease in state control over individuals' lives,
the growth of non-governmental legal aid programs may similarly reflect a
loosening of control over the legal system.

[*273]

   V. Evaluating Legal Aid in China

 China's legal aid system remains in its infancy. Only a few of the governmental
legal aid centers have handled significant caseloads. Legal aid and lawyers
remain beyond the reach of the majority of people in China. Moreover, most
lawyers have not undertaken legal aid work and many eschew such work, even in
areas with legal aid programs.

   Nevertheless, the steps China has taken toward developing a legal aid system
are remarkable for a country where, until recently, there were few lawyers and
where law has, at least for much of the past half-century, rarely been used to
protect individuals. Even the small number of criminal defendants who have
received reduced sentences and civil plaintiffs who have obtained redress of
grievances represent a significant step forward for a legal system often viewed
as unjust to criminal defendants and inhospitable to individual litigants. The
development of legal aid is also impressive given the limited information
available in China regarding legal aid elsewhere in the world.  n496

   It is too early to assess the long-term potential or the implications of
China's efforts to construct a legal aid system. Its experiences to date,
however, illustrate the continuing changes underway in the Chinese legal system.
This section discusses the development of legal aid with respect to three areas:
China's increased reference to international norms, the development of the legal
profession, and the evolution of state uses of law.

   A. Increasing Importance of International Standards? Human Rights and Legal
Aid

 The expansion of legal aid is indicative of a legal system that is becoming
increasingly useful in the daily lives of individuals. The Chinese legal system
remains flawed and the existence of legal aid programs is of little significance
to defendants charged with political crimes. However, China's experience to date
with both criminal and civil legal aid demonstrates that, in certain
circumstances, the provision of legal aid is facilitating the protection of
individual rights. Anecdotal evidence of lives saved by criminal defense
lawyers, or rights protected by legal aid providers, does not permit broad
conclusions regarding the development of rights consciousness or rights
protection in China. But it does suggest the need for further examination of the
means by which individuals interact with an increasingly complex legal system.

   Although it may be premature to draw broad conclusions regarding the
significance of China's development of legal aid for the protection of
individual rights, human rights issues have played a role in the development of
legal aid. Chinese officials and commentators repeatedly justify the development
of legal aid with reference to human rights norms. The development of legal aid
reflects both the manner in which arguments regarding human rights may be
increasingly useful within China and the degree to which China's self-conscious
attempts to bring its legal system up to international standards may be shaping
the domestic legal system.

   The importance of legal aid to human rights protections is central to
arguments in its favor. Justice Minister Xiao Yang cites China's development of
a legal aid system as  [*274]  evidence of its desire to protect human rights.
n497 Other Justice Ministry officials similarly emphasize the importance of that
development for improving the international image of human rights protection in
China and for refuting Western countries' criticisms of China's human rights
record.  n498 Some officials note that legal aid is both a mechanism for
protecting human rights and is itself a basic human right.  n499 In addition, in
1996, China's State Council identified the Guangzhou Legal Aid Center as a
leading example of human rights protections within China's legal system.  n500

   The linkage of legal aid to the strengthening of human rights protections in
China reflects two ways in which international legal norms may increasingly be
shaping legal debates within China. First, it demonstrates the increasing
relevance of international legal norms to Chinese society. Legal aid is
advocated not only as a means of redressing inequities within China, but also as
a way of bringing China's legal system into line with international practices.
Chinese commentators have repeatedly emphasized the large amount of money
Western countries, in particular the United States, spend on legal aid programs.
One commentator observes that the United States spends $ 400 million on legal
aid per year  n501 and that 140 countries, including many that are much poorer
than China, have legal aid systems.  n502 Commentators also note that the right
to legal aid is enshrined in numerous international conventions.  n503

   Second, arguments regarding the importance of legal aid to human rights
protections place it in the context of China's efforts to refute Western
criticism of its legal system. Thus, legal aid serves not so much as an example
of China importing Western practices, but rather as a domestic development that
demonstrates China's commitment to rights protection that refutes Western
criticisms. Placing China's development of legal aid programs in such a context
may also deflect domestic arguments that China should focus its limited
resources on other areas.

    [*275]  Neither the references to international standards nor the attempts
to use domestic experience to refute Western criticism are unique to legal aid.
n504 However, although there has been significant discussion of international
standards within China, until recently there has been little international
attention to China's efforts to develop legal aid.  n505 Indeed, these efforts
have come at a time when legal aid in the West, particularly in the United
States, has been suffering from sharp financial cutbacks.  n506

   China's development of legal aid programs also demonstrates that, although
international criticism carries some weight, domestic concerns are largely
driving law reform. Arguments that legal aid is crucial to strengthening China's
protection of human rights appear to be largely aimed at a domestic audience.
n507 Moreover, references to international standards are persuasive because they
supplement arguments based on purely domestic concerns. Regardless of
international standards, the central government appears to be increasingly
conscious that maintaining a degree of control will require solving problems of
law implementation and that effective law implementation may be contingent on
providing individuals with mechanisms for using law.

   As is true of the development of local elections,  n508 the development of
legal aid demonstrates that, while accepting international standards may be in
China's own interest, such standards are being accepted in China on China's own
terms. Thus, although China's development of legal aid demonstrates the
relevance of international standards to law reform in China, it is a mistake to
see the adoption of international practices and norms as conflicting with the
interests of the central government. Moreover, as organizations and governments
abroad increasingly turn their attention to the development of legal aid in
China, it will be important to recognize that programs termed "legal aid" in
China may not necessarily be equivalent to legal aid programs elsewhere.

   B. Lawyers: Profession on the Edge

 As discussed in Part IV.C., the success of efforts to develop legal aid will
depend on China's ability to harness the legal profession to engage in a
significant volume of legal aid work. In the short term, the development of
legal aid may say more about the uncertain role of lawyers in China than it does
about the protection of individual rights. This section  [*276]  examines three
issues: government views of the legal profession as manifest by the development
of pro bono requirements; the potential for legal aid work to encourage lawyers
to advocate causes in addition to representing individual clients; and the
relationship of legal aid programs to other factors that may promote the
evolution of Chinese public interest litigation and law. Taken together, these
three issues demonstrate that although state views of lawyers continue to be
relevant, lawyers themselves are increasingly shaping the evolution of the legal
profession and thus the development of law.

   1. Defining Lawyers' Roles: Independent Lawyers as Government Actors

 Government requirements that lawyers undertake a significant volume of pro bono
work appear to be based on at least three interrelated views of the legal
profession. First, lawyers continue to owe certain obligations to the state.
Second, lawyers have become excessively wealthy. Third, lawyers have certain
professional obligations independent of their status vis-a-vis the state. Common
to these three views is a desire to foster an independent, market-driven legal
profession that serves state interests and a drive to expand the legal
profession without first considering the form such a profession should take.

   The Ministry of Justice appears reluctant to view lawyers as independent
actors. Although they are no longer formally termed "state legal workers," the
imposition of mandatory pro bono requirements suggests that lawyers continue to
owe certain duties not only to society generally, but also to the furtherance of
specific governmental policies. With the apparent exception of Pudong, where
lawyers may take pro bono cases of their own choosing and then request that such
cases count toward local pro bono requirements, lawyers in China must undertake
pro bono cases assigned by local justice bureau or legal aid center officials.
Although such a system may streamline the provision of legal services, it may
also limit the scope of cases for which legal aid is available and limit the
ability of lawyers themselves to decide the types of cases on which they desire
to focus.

   Mandatory pro bono requirements are also responses to the perception that
many lawyers have become wealthy. Ministry of Justice officials state that
lawyers' incomes have increased dramatically in recent years as a result of the
reform of the legal profession;  n509 lawyers thus can afford to engage in legal
aid. Lawyers are required to pay for legal aid both through mandatory pro bono
requirements, which take lawyers away from profit-generating work, and by direct
taxation. The development of legal aid thus parallels the development of law
firms more generally: China's decision to develop a market-driven legal
profession was due, at least in part, to the desire to increase the number of
lawyers without saddling the state with the cost of state-funded law firms.

   Mandatory pro bono requirements also appear to reflect an evolving view that
lawyers have certain moral obligations as members of an emerging legal
profession. This view appears distinct from past views that lawyers were obliged
to serve society simply because they were state workers in a socialist state.
Yet appeals to professional obligations often appear as afterthoughts to
arguments that lawyers should provide legal assistance because they can afford
to do so or because they owe obligations to the state. In addition, although
government officials stress the need for lawyers to develop professional ethics,
n510 there does  [*277]  not appear to have been significant discussion of the
content of such ethical obligations or of what it means to be a professional.

   Appeals to lawyers' professional obligations in the legal aid context are one
manifestation of China's attempt to construct a legal profession and legal
ethics from the top down.  n511 Since the late 1980s, when Deng Xiaoping
declared that China would need 500,000 lawyers by the turn of the century, China
has focused primarily on expanding the total number of lawyers.  n512 Although
steps have also been taken to increase the quality of the profession, such
measures appear to be secondary to attempts to increase the total number of
lawyers.

   Having succeeded in increasing the total number of lawyers, China is now
beginning to consider the roles they should play, as well as values that are
appropriate for the profession. Yet consideration of such roles and values is
occurring against the backdrop of other governmental policies, most notably
efforts to use law to address economic inequalities. Thus, the decision to
mandate pro bono work may derive not only from the view that lawyers have
certain obligations to society, but also from a desire to further other
substantive governmental policies and to regulate lawyers.

   China's position as one of the few countries to mandate pro bono work may
seem anomalous, given the recent evolution of lawyers and legal aid. However,
resorting to mandatory pro bono requirements may be a natural consequence of a
society in which little attention is paid to the ethical obligations of lawyers.
n513 The imposition of mandatory requirements may result from the perception
that the legal profession is unlikely to undertake such obligations without
prodding. As is true of other recent central government attempts to boost
morality,  n514 mandatory policies may be a reflection of an ethical and moral
vacuum.

   The rapid growth in the total number of lawyers and the relatively slow
evolution of professional standards means that a central question remains
unanswered: is China developing a conception of a legal profession in which the
lawyer's relationship to the State is not the dominant feature? The answer to
this question will depend in part on whether obligations to society more
generally can be differentiated from obligations to the State. It will also
depend on the degree to which law in China continues to be state-centered. The
development of legal aid may figure in the answers to both of these questions.

   2. Lawyers as Activists

 The growth of China's legal profession and the expansion of rights embodied in
its substantive law also present opportunities for lawyers to engage in new
areas of work.  n515 Although China's governmental legal aid programs have
largely limited themselves to representing individual clients, the
university-based programs have on occasion used their experiences representing
clients as a basis for advocacy. Advocacy comes in two forms: scholarship
advocating changes in law or highlighting legal problems, and high-profile
[*278]  litigation.  n516 The amount of such work being done in China remains
extremely small, but the roles that non-governmental centers have assumed
demonstrate the potential for legal aid providers, and the legal profession more
generally, to assume more active roles in the development of China's legal
framework, and also that lawyers in China may be developing roles as advocates
that are distinct from roles undertaken by lawyer-advocates elsewhere.

   University-based centers and some individual lawyers, often academics, have
increasingly engaged in high-profile litigation designed to have effects beyond
the individual case. Thus, for example, lawyers at the Peking University Center
litigated a highly-publicized wrongful death suit by the family of a girl raped
and murdered by her school headmaster, both to win redress for the victim's
family and to highlight the issues involved in the case.  n517 Similarly, when a
Beijing academic brought an environmental class action on behalf of peasants
harmed by water pollution, it was partly to raise awareness of the effects of
water pollution in rural areas.  n518 In many cases, lawyers pursue their goals
through appeals to the press, which has been increasingly active in reporting on
legal injustices. Although most lawyers seek press coverage of cases to win
leverage in court, and impact litigation is not yet a major weapon in the
arsenal of China's lawyers, in certain cases lawyers are using litigation to
highlight injustices and broader problems in the law.

   The availability of class actions may be increasingly important to Chinese
public interest lawyers as they bring cases that increasingly affect large
numbers of persons and involve challenges to local government authority.  n519
Governmental legal aid centers appear to have undertaken few, if any, such cases
to date, but lawyers at both the Wuhan University and Peking University centers
have engaged in class action litigation and express interest in undertaking
additional cases in the future.  n520

   The ability or willingness of China's nascent non-governmental legal aid
providers to litigate cases in which they directly clash with central government
authority remains to be seen. As with class action litigation more generally,
lawyers appear particularly willing to challenge local authorities who are
violating national laws,  n521 but avoid cases in which they might be at odds
with national policies. Yet the availability of class actions and the emerging
role of non-governmental legal aid providers suggests the potential for public
interest litigation to highlight not only local failures to follow national
laws, but also weaknesses in national laws themselves. The experiences of
non-governmental legal aid providers may also encourage governmental legal aid
lawyers to take similar cases. In a system often characterized by clashes
between competing government authorities or between central and local government
policies, governmental legal aid providers may also be willing to challenge
government actors, especially where the challenged actions occurred in a
jurisdiction different from that of the legal aid center. The ability of legal
aid providers - governmental or non-governmental - to undertake such cases will
also be a  [*279]  measure of the degree to which the legal profession is
permitted to develop a sphere of autonomy in which lawyers determine which cases
are worthy of attention.

   The roles China's non-governmental legal aid providers have assumed caution
against viewing the development of legal aid in China too much in the context of
experiences in other countries. Legal aid providers, and other lawyers who
undertake cases in which they challenge local authorities, are engaging in a
balancing act that may be particular to the current phase of China's legal
development: they are able to challenge local authorities, or persons with
powerful connections, precisely because the goals they are pursuing are
consistent with those of the State. In contrast, individuals and lawyers who
have directly challenged central government or Communist Party authority have
had little success.  n522 China is distinct from countries in which public
interest lawyering has led to direct conflicts with state authority  n523 in
that its central government appears committed, at least in principle, to
addressing many of the problems such advocacy highlights, and that the few
lawyers pursuing such cases often are politically connected themselves. China's
experience suggests that the development of legal aid, and public interest
advocacy more generally, may be possible without lawyers coming into direct
conflict with the central government.  n524 Indeed, to date it appears that the
biggest threat to non-governmental legal aid providers is not that the goals
they pursue will put them in opposition to government authorities, but rather
that they are in competition with government providers for scarce funding.

   China also differs from countries in which public interest advocacy has
placed lawyers in opposition to the State because it does not claim to have an
autonomous legal profession.  n525 Indeed, as Part IV discusses, the expansion
of legal aid programs may actually be a mechanism for justice bureaus to exert
control over lawyers. The lack of independence of the Chinese bar - and the role
of most legal aid workers as state workers - may actually permit legal aid
lawyers in China a greater range of activity than they would have if they were
operating independently. So long as lawyers continue to work within the system,
they have a degree of authority - and perhaps a degree of insulation from
criticism - that would not be possible were they completely beyond the control
of the Ministry of Justice and local justice bureaus and courts. As illustrated
by the enhanced role of defense lawyers in the criminal process, increased
autonomy and independence are not necessarily in the clients' best interests.
Similarly, although this article has treated the university-based programs as
non-governmental actors, their positions within state-run universities also
serve to insulate them from scrutiny.

    [*280]  Additionally, the experiences of the university-based providers
suggest that there is potential for a continued expansion of the role that
lawyers with practical experience play in discussions of the drafting and
implementation of laws. Such input is unlikely to touch on sensitive political
issues, but the efforts of the university-based legal aid providers are evidence
that lawyers are playing expanding roles in attempts to bridge the gap between
law and reality in China, and that the expansion and evolution of the legal
profession may also lead to evolution in other areas of law.

   3. Rethinking "Public Interest" in China

 The development of legal aid in China suggests that attempting to evaluate the
maturing of the Chinese bar, primarily in terms of its independence from the
State, may be misguided for two reasons. First, as discussed above, permitting
lawyers to pursue seemingly independent goals does not necessarily place them in
tension with the State. Some of the causes they may advocate may actually be
consistent with state policies. Second, just as encouraging the development of a
law-based society may help maintain governmental control, permitting lawyers
some autonomy may best serve the goals of law implementation, as lawyers help to
highlight weaknesses in law implementation at the local level. Moreover, the
degree to which either profit-driven lawyers or legal aid practitioners view
themselves as acting independently is questionable. Lawyers in China are one
piece of a legal system that functions more often as a fragmented whole than in
autonomous spheres; for lawyers to assert independence might be to place
themselves outside of the system and thus render themselves ineffective.

   Furthermore, the limited evidence from China's legal aid providers suggests
that, although China may be beginning to see the seeds of a public interest bar,
public interest law comes in many forms.  n526 A full evaluation of lawyering on
behalf of the impoverished or powerless in China must take a broad view of the
definition of public interest and must include lawyers pursuing profit. Such
work is distinct from the free legal services legal aid lawyers are providing,
but may be equally important. Class actions, contingency fees, and the
increasing availability of large damage awards, including damages for emotional
distress and punitive damages, mean that profit-seeking lawyers are increasingly
willing to undertake cases on behalf of persons otherwise unable to afford
access to the courts.  n527 Such developments may be as important as the
development of legal aid in increasing the ability of individuals to use the
courts to protect their interests.

   The parallel development of legal aid programs and a market-driven legal
profession within a system in which law has been largely state-centered makes
defining public interest law in China difficult. China's low tolerance of
non-governmental organizations, often the leading advocates of change in other
countries, coupled with an apparently high tolerance of class actions and
market-driven impact litigation, is unique. The ability of lawyers to maneuver
and pursue cases in new subject areas is increasingly determined as much by the
market as by the government, and it appears that lawyers may increasingly be
drawn to  [*281]  public-spirited litigation by market incentives. Thus,
although some Chinese lawyers - including those at the Wuhan University and
Peking University centers - have clearly eschewed financial gain in order to
pursue particular causes, others are being drawn to similar causes by the
potential for economic gain.

   Expanded opportunities for public interest lawyering are a product of a
loosening of state control over society, but there are limits to the causes
lawyers may advocate. Acting in the public interest, whether in pursuit of moral
goals or financial opportunity, appears to be limited to enforcing private
rights in a manner consistent with central government interests. While lawyers,
especially those at non-governmental centers, do appear to be conscious of the
boundaries within which they operate, they are also pursuing their own ideals.
Chinese lawyers are maneuvering in the shadow of a powerful state, but the room
in which they maneuver is continuing to expand. In many ways, China's nascent
public interest lawyers appear to be pursuing goals akin to those pursued by
public interest advocates in more liberal regimes, as they work to extend rights
and redress economic and power inequalities.  n528

   C. The Policy of Legal Aid and the Role of Law

 The continued development of legal aid will reflect not only the evolution of
the legal profession, but also of state views and uses of law. The numerous
choices China faces in developing legal aid - in focusing on criminal or civil
cases, in emphasizing the interests of certain groups over others, and in
deciding whether programs rely on private lawyers or public legal aid workers -
parallel the evolving position and uses of law in China. The development of
legal aid thus far demonstrates the many competing impulses and lack of a
coherent policy directing law reform in China. This lack of a coherent policy in
turn suggests that how private persons use the legal system may be increasingly
important in determining the role of law in China.

   The widespread establishment of legal aid programs is not the inevitable
consequence of the Chinese legal system's slow march to maturity. The Ministry
of Justice's enthusiastic backing of legal aid fits well with other dominant
contemporary policies, most notably efforts to address widening economic
inequalities. The development of legal aid also meshes well with traditional
views of governmental obligations to deliver substantive justice to its
subjects, of harmony between state and individual interests, and with the
central government's desire to permit and regulate legal development.

   Yet legal aid is not mandated by such policies or traditions. The Ministry of
Justice faces a wide range of competing demands on its resources, including the
need to improve legal education and increase the number of lawyers. Indeed, the
development of legal aid programs is somewhat ahead of its time, coming in
tandem with attempts by the Ministry and the Supreme People's Court to
strengthen training of lawyers and judges. Increasing individual access to the
legal system was not a focus of government policy in traditional or socialist
China. Moreover, China's laws themselves do not mandate the establishment of
legal aid programs. Rhetorical pledges of equality have long been a fixture of
Chinese laws; the development of legal aid marks a rare attempt to act on such
pledges. Nor is the development of legal aid a natural offshoot of a shift to a
market economy or market-driven legal profession: other transitional economies
have not taken similar steps.

    [*282]  The establishment of legal aid programs does, however, mirror other
central government efforts to strengthen law implementation. China's focus over
the past half-decade has shifted from creating laws to designing mechanisms for
enforcing them. Such efforts stem, at least in part, from the central
government's recognition that effective implementation of law is essential both
in asserting the central government's control over all of China's regions and to
maintaining the legitimacy of the central government itself. Law serves both as
a mechanism for implementing central government policies and as a means of
maintaining social stability and preventing unrest.  n529 Additionally, the fact
that local governments have begun to devote even limited resources to legal aid
is significant, as such allocations require trade-offs with other potential
funding targets. As China continues to struggle to establish a social safety
net, the emergence of legal aid programs suggests that law may increasingly be
on equal footing with other governmental mechanisms for addressing the needs of
the poor and furthering governmental policy.

   As Part IV discusses, the establishment of legal aid programs to date
reflects not only increased attention to law implementation generally, but also
a decision to emphasize it in specific areas. Although China appears unresolved
as to the proper apportionment of resources between criminal and civil legal aid
, it has made commitments to the provision of legal aid in certain civil and
criminal contexts. Future choices of areas of concentration will significantly
affect the evolution of legal aid. For example, to the degree that criminal
legal aid develops, it may represent a more fundamental shift toward
consideration of the rights of defendants than any specific changes included in
the 1996 revisions to the Criminal Procedure Law. However, the continued
development of civil legal aid and the potential for a concomitant increase in
the ability of the disadvantaged to use the courts may reflect a further shift
in the legal system, and in particular the courts, away from the historical
focus on criminal matters and toward the protection of individuals.

   Moreover, despite rhetorical statements emphasizing the importance of legal
aid programs in guaranteeing individual rights, the degree to which the
development of legal aid reflects a commitment to transform the legal system
into a mechanism for the protection of individuals is unclear. China's
experience with both legal aid and class action litigation demonstrates that, in
many cases, governmental policy goals may be consistent with expanding access to
the legal system and the vindication of individual rights. Nevertheless, the
willingness of legal aid providers to undertake a wider range of cases, and in
particular a greater number of direct challenges to governmental actions, will
reflect the degree to which legal aid is able to develop further into a
mechanism for the protection of individuals, in addition to, or instead of, a
mechanism for implementing governmental policies.

   The development of legal aid programs suggests a recognition that the
effectiveness of law implementation is partially contingent on facilitating the
accessibility of law: if the central government desires to use law both as a
mechanism for maintaining control and as a means of pursuing specific policies,
it must allow it to be used in other ways as well. Such a strategy is an
outgrowth of a legal system that has thrived on experimentation. Localities and
provinces have repeatedly served as testing grounds for national laws,  n530 and
in doing so have played vital roles in the development of law. The development
of legal aid has followed a similar path, with certain localities, most notably
Guangzhou, establishing legal aid centers that are then being used as national
models.

   Yet legal aid programs may go further than previous episodes of
experimentation. By providing individuals with the means to use law to protect
their interests, legal aid programs  [*283]  may also be permitting a de facto
experiment in individual-driven law implementation. Just as the central
government has relied on provinces and local experiments in law formulation,
n531 legal aid programs have the potential to serve as incubators for law
implementation. In addition, the experiences of the university-based legal aid
centers suggest the possibility of increased opportunities for lawyers to use
their experiences representing individuals and groups to assume broader roles in
influencing policy.  n532

   The many possible explanations and implications of the development of legal
aid also reflect the lack of a dominant rationale supporting China's decision to
expand the provision of legal aid. The various justifications for legal aid that
this article has discussed - ranging from making criminal trials more efficient
to improving China's international image to protecting the rights of women and
the disabled - have likely all played a role. The piecemeal development of legal
aid reflects the ambiguity that surrounds these varied purposes. The lack of a
single coherent motive for developing legal aid also reflects continued
uncertainty regarding how best to strengthen the legal system in a way that
serves state objectives.

   Indeed, China's experience to date developing legal aid programs may inform
as much about how law is developing in China as it does about access to justice
for China's disadvantaged. A combination of four factors - personal politics;
attempts by the Ministry of Justice and local justice bureaus to create new
programs and continue to regulate lawyers, even as all government departments
face significant cuts in resources; international criticism of China's human
rights record; and a desire by some Chinese lawyers and officials to increase
access to the courts - demonstrates that legal policy in China is continuing to
evolve despite the lack of any single guiding rationale. This lack of a guiding
policy may permit innovation, both in the development of governmental and
non-governmental legal aid programs and in the types of cases that lawyers and
individual clients bring to the formal legal system.

   Yet the development of legal aid programs also raises the question of whether
legal development in China should be viewed only in terms of state policy. In
particular, what effect will increased information about, and access to, the
formal legal system have on the system's continued evolution? For example, will
an increased volume of domestic disputes force greater clarity in relevant laws?
Will greater access to lawyers further accelerate the shift from mediation to
litigation as a means of dispute resolution?  n533 The development of legal aid
demonstrates the degree to which much legal development in China has been
reactive, with China first developing laws and then considering how such laws
may be made relevant. If legal aid becomes a reality for more than a tiny
fraction of the population, China's courts may face a vast increase in claims
involving individual rights. Although access to the legal system does not equate
to obtaining justice and indigent clients will likely continue to be at a
disadvantage even once they have brought cases to court, such an increase may
result both in greater protection of such rights and in a transformation in the
way law is viewed and used.

   VI. Conclusion

 Despite the rapid expansion in the number of legal aid programs, the actual
volume of legal aid cases such programs handle remains small. The low number of
total cases legal  [*284]  aid providers have handled cautions against excessive
optimism regarding the development of legal aid in China. However, the extent to
which legal aid has developed, and has proven effective in assisting individuals
in protecting their rights, demonstrates that it is not merely an attempt at
self-legitimization by the Chinese state.

   China's legal aid experience does not permit broad conclusions regarding the
development of the Chinese legal system so much as it raises the following
questions regarding China's legal interactions with the West, the development of
China's legal profession, and the role of law.

   First, to what degree does the development of legal aid reflect China's
acceptance of international legal standards? As discussed in Part V.A., China
has placed legal aid in the context of efforts to strengthen human rights
protections. This article has also shown that many of the policies driving the
development of legal aid in China - from efforts to redress income inequalities
to attempts to channel discontent into the legal system - are disconnected from
broader concerns regarding rights protection. Similarly, does China's
development of legal aid suggest a need for Western countries to rethink their
criticisms of China's justice system? This article has argued that although it
is too soon to declare Chinese legal aid a breakthrough in human rights, it does
present significant development for which China deserves more credit and support
than it has received from the international community. At the same time, certain
justice bureaus' use of legal aid as a mechanism for controlling the legal
profession raises the question of whether foreign donors concerned with funding
an independent legal profession in China should be supporting government-backed
legal aid in its current form.

   Second, can an autonomous legal profession develop in a society in which
non-state organizations remain strictly regulated? Although the emergence of
non-governmental legal aid providers suggests increasing room for activity by
non-governmental actors, the development of legal aid programs and pro bono
requirements demonstrates that lawyers continue to be subject to significant
government oversight and regulation. Lawyers in China are positioned somewhere
between a formal characterization as state legal workers and members of an
autonomous profession. The development of non-governmental legal aid providers
shows that there is room for lawyers to pursue their own goals, but that it may
be difficult for lawyers operating within the Ministry of Justice system to do
so.

   Third, is there room for a conception of the public interest in China that is
distinct from state interest? This article has argued that lawyers have been
able to pursue impact litigation and advocacy largely because their objectives
have so far been consistent with central government policies. Western analysis
of legal aid and public interest law in other countries has either focused on
legal aid as a component of a legal system in a democratic society,  n534 or on
the use of law by individuals challenging state authority in a non-democratic
setting. In contrast, China's legal aid practitioners and lawyer-advocates
appear to be advocating cases that, although transformative in their effect on
Chinese society, are not actually at odds with state policy.

   Fourth, how will efforts to expand legal aid interact with the privatization
of the legal profession to expand the range of cases being undertaken in the
public interest? This article has suggested that the rise of public interest
litigation and law in China can be traced not only to the expansion of legal aid
programs, but also to the development of class actions, the growth in damage
awards, the expansion of contingency fees, and increased press coverage of
lawsuits. Such factors may be as effective as government policy in increasing
access to law for China's poor. China is a rare example of a legal system that
gives lawyers market  [*285]  incentives to litigate and also imposes mandatory
pro bono requirements. Although the existence of such incentives may eventually
make the pro bono requirements less necessary, this article has suggested that
such requirements reflect government views of lawyers more than they do
government attempts to increase access to the legal system.

   Fifth, to what degree is the development of legal aid a component of an
ongoing effort to systematize and rationalize the functioning of the Chinese
legal system? Although officials state that expanding legal aid is a long-term
goal, its rapid development over the past four years suggests that legal aid has
resulted as much from the view that legal aid should be a component of a mature
legal system as from any long-term view of how the legal system should function.
The rapid development of legal aid and the strong commitment of many within the
Ministry of Justice to developing legal aid programs has given legal aid
short-term vibrancy; however, the numerous impediments it faces suggest that its
long-term success in China is far from guaranteed.

   Sixth, what effect will the expansion of legal aid programs have on public
awareness of law? As discussed in Part III, much of the work of China's legal
aid centers consists of responding to basic legal questions. Although much of
the analysis of this article has focused on the impact of legal aid in
individual cases, legal aid may actually be most important as one element of
ongoing efforts - ranging from live broadcasts of court proceedings to the
creation of legal hotlines - to increase awareness of the law.

   Seventh, is law in China beginning to develop beyond its role as a tool of
state policy? This article has suggested that the development of legal aid
programs, in particular governmental legal aid programs, has occurred largely as
part of an effort by the central government to use law to promote substantive
policies. Yet the continued development of legal aid, and the growing
willingness of individual litigants in China to use the legal system, suggests a
need to inquire further into how and why individual and non-state actors are
using the law.

   Many of the problems China is confronting as it attempts to develop a legal
aid system are not unique. Other countries struggle to provide sufficient
funding for legal aid and similarly face opposition to government funding of
legal aid programs.  n535 However, other aspects of China's experience are
unique: a non-democratic society attempting to ensure that the poor have access
to the legal system; a legal profession still closely linked to and regulated by
the state that is enjoying market incentives largely non-existent outside of the
United States; and a criminal justice system in which virtually all defendants
are found guilty, but in which the state has made a commitment to providing
counsel to certain indigent defendants. Legal aid programs in China may also be
unique in their failure to draw clear distinctions between programs providing
civil legal aid and those providing free representation to criminal defendants.

   The development of legal aid in China is too recent and has been too rapid to
allow for the formulation of a single theory that explains the significance of
legal aid in China. It remains far too early, for example, to determine whether
the development of legal aid can be cabined to serve a limited range of values
and policies. Moreover, China's development of legal aid must be understood and
evaluated in the context of a legal system that is undergoing rapid change,
including a dramatic increase in the number of disputes brought in the formal
legal system and an increasing diversity of views influencing law reform. The
development of legal aid and public interest lawyering will both reflect and
contribute to  [*286]  such changes. The evolution of legal aid will also
continue to echo the competing values underlying legal reform and the increasing
complexity of law in China.


Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Criminal Law & ProcedureCounselRight to CounselGeneral OverviewEducation
LawInstructionExtracurricular ActivitiesPublicationsLegal EthicsPublic Service

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  See infra text accompanying notes 380-81.




n2.  See infra text accompanying note 305.




n3.  See infra text accompanying note 312.




n4.  See infra text accompanying notes 46-51 (discussing the growth of the legal
profession). Only the United States and India have a greater total number of
lawyers.




n5.  See Sifa Bu Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhongxin [Ministry of Justice Legal Aid
Center], Quanguo Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Gongzuo Gaikuang [Overview of Legal Aid Work
in the Entire Nation], June 1998, at 1, 1 [hereinafter June 1998 Report]; 1998
Government Interview B. These legal aid offices employ a total of more than
1,000 persons. See 1998 Government Interview B. Ministry of Justice statistics
report that in 1997, China's legal aid centers handled 70,677 cases, and
responded to 431,000 requests for legal information. See June 1998 Report,
supra, at 2; Zhao Jianrong, Woguo Fayuan Gongzuo Qude Tupoxing Jinzhan [Our
Nation's Legal Aid Work Achieves Breakthrough Progress], Zhongguo L<um u>shi Bao
[China Lawyer News], May 16, 1998, at 1.

   New offices are being established at a rapid rate. The cited figures are as
of June 1998 and are significantly higher than those reported six months and one
year earlier. In January 1998, the Ministry of Justice reported that 132 legal
aid centers or offices had been established. See Gesheng Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Jigou
Jianshe Qingkuang Yilan Biao [Table of the Establishment of Legal Aid
Institutions in the Provinces], Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Gongzuo Xinxi [News of Work on
Legal Aid] [hereinafter Ministry of Justice News of Work on Legal Aid] No. 3,
Dec. 28, 1997 (Sifa Bu Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhongxin [Ministry of Justice Legal Aid
Center] ed.) at 12, 12-14; Gao Zhen, Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Jigou De Zhineng Jiqi
Yunzuo [The Functions and Operations of Legal Aid Organs], Diyi Qi Quanguo
Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Renyuan Peixun Ban Jianggao Zhi San [Drafts of Speeches for
the First Period National Legal Aid Personnel Training Course, Part 3], 1998, at
1. In June 1997, the Ministry of Justice reported that eight provinces or
directly administered cities and over 40 municipalities or counties had
established legal aid centers. See Gedi Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Jigou Xunsu Jianli
[Local Areas Rapidly Establish Legal Aid Organizations] [hereinafter Local Areas
Rapidly Establish Legal Aid Organizations], [Ministry of Justice News of Work on
Legal Aid], supra, No. 1, June 16, 1997, at 9, 10. The role of the provincial
organizations is unclear, but they appear to be offices within the provincial
justice bureaus designed to coordinate local legal aid programs, rather than
actual providers of legal services.




n6.  See infra note 466.




n7.  See infra text accompanying notes 461-66.




n8.  Cf. Gong Xiaobing, Zhongguo Tese De Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhidu Tansuo [An
Exploration of a Legal Aid System with Special Chinese Characteristics], Diyi Qi
Quanguo Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Renyuan Peixun Ban Jianggao Zhi Yi [Drafts of Speeches
for the First Period National Legal Aid Personnel Training Course, Part 1],
1998, at 1, 1 (stating that, until recently, the term "fal<um u> yuanzhu" did
not appear in Chinese dictionaries). Former Justice Minister Xiao Yang, the
person most responsible for the Ministry of Justice's embrace of legal aid, has
stated that he had never heard of "legal aid" prior to a 1989 visit to Hong
Kong. See Zhongguo Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhidu Dansheng De Qianqian Houhou [The Ins
and Outs of the Development of China's Legal Aid System] 6 (Zhang Geng ed.,
1998) [hereinafter The Ins and Outs of the Development of China's Legal Aid
System].




n9.  Laws in a number of Eastern European countries provide for the appointment
of counsel to represent certain criminal defendants, and Bulgaria imposes an
obligation on lawyers to provide free legal assistance to the poor. See Legal
Services for Indigent Criminal Defendants in Central and Eastern Europe
(Summary), 5 Colum. J. Eur. L. (forthcoming 1999) (manuscript at 15-22, on file
with author). However, systems for the provision of legal aid in civil cases are
either non-existent or undeveloped, and it appears that no country in Eastern
Europe has undertaken to construct a government-run legal aid system. See id. at
21-24.




n10.  See Alison W. Conner, Lawyers and the Legal Profession During the
Republican Period, in Civil Law in Qing and Republican China 215, 228-32
(Kathryn Bernhardt & Philip C.C. Huang eds., 1994).




n11.  See Xiao Yang, Jianli You Zhongguo Tese De Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhidu
[Establish a Legal Aid System with Special Chinese Characteristics], in Tansuo
You Zhongguo Tese De Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhidu [Discussing a Legal Aid System with
Special Chinese Characteristics] 1, 2 (Xiao Yang ed., 1996) [hereinafter
Discussing a Legal Aid System with Special Chinese Characteristics]; Conner,
supra note 10, at 229; see also Tao Mao, Guanyu Jianli Woguo L<um u>shi Fal<um
u> Yuanzhu Zhidu De Gouxiang [Thoughts on Establishing Our Nation's System of
Legal Aid], in Discussing a Legal Aid System with Special Chinese
Characteristics, supra, at 19, 23 (stating that although there was no formal
legal aid system during the Republican period, some lawyers did provide free
legal assistance to indigent clients).




n12.  See Lawyers Committee for Human Rights, Lawyers in China: Obstacles to
Independence and the Defense of Rights 12-13 (Mar. 1998).




n13.  See id. at 13-14; Timothy A. Gelatt, Lawyers in China: The Past Decade and
Beyond, 23 N.Y.U. J. Int'l L. & Pol. 751, 752 (1991).




n14.  See Tao, supra note 11, at 24.




n15.  See Gelatt, supra note 13, at 753.




n16.  See Lawyers Committee for Human Rights, supra note 12, at 15; William P.
Alford, Tasseled Loafers for Barefoot Lawyers: Transformation and Tension in the
World of Chinese Legal Workers, 141 China Q. 22, 27 (1995); Gelatt, supra note
13, at 753.




n17.  See Lawyers Committee for Human Rights, supra note 12, at 15; Gelatt,
supra note 13, at 754.




n18.  See Gelatt, supra note 13, at 754.




n19.  See Sifa Bu Guanyu L<um u>shi Shoufei Zanxing Banfa [Ministry of Justice
Temporary Provisions Regarding Lawyers' Fees], May 25, 1956, art. 6, in Zhongguo
L<um u>shi Fa Shiyong Shouce (Shangce) [Handbook on the Use of China's Lawyers
Law (Volume I) 99 (Tong Baogui ed., 1996) )] [hereinafter Handbook on the Use of
China's Lawyers Law (Volume I)].




n20.  See Sun Jibin, Shixiang Pinruozhe De Nuoya Fangzhou - Zhongguo Fal<um u>
Yuanzhu Zai Xingdong (Yi) [The Noah's Ark that is Sailing to the Poor and Weak -
China's Legal Aid in Action (Part One)], Zhongguo L<um u>shi Bao [China Lawyer
News], June 29, 1996, at 1.




n21.  See Jerome Alan Cohen, Chinese Mediation on the Eve of Modernization, 54
Cal. L. Rev. 1201, 1201 (1966).




n22.  See Xianfa [Constitution] (1954), art. 76.




n23.  See Zhonghua Renmin Gongheguo Renmin Fayuan Zuzhi Fa [People's Republic of
China Organic Law for the People's Courts], art. 7, 1 Zhonghua Renmin Gonghe Guo
Fagui Huibian [Fagui Huibian] [Collected Laws and Regulations of the People's
Republic of China] 124.




n24.  See Jerome Alan Cohen, The Criminal Process in the People's Republic of
China, 1949-63: An Introduction (1968); Lawyers Committee for Human Rights,
Opening to Reform? An Analysis of China's Revised Criminal Procedure Law 1-2
(1996).




n25.  See Lawyers Committee for Human Rights, supra note 12, at 15.




n26.  See Gelatt, supra note 13, at 754-56. Official estimates state that
between 1979 and 1997, China's central government authorities enacted 311 laws,
more than 700 regulations, and almost 4000 administrative rules. See China's
Judicial Guarantee for Human Rights Forceful: Official, Xinhua News Agency, Mar.
31, 1997, available in LEXIS, World Library, ALLWLD File.




n27.  See Lawyers Committee for Human Rights, supra note 12, at i.




n28.  See Timothy Gelatt, Lawyers in China: The Past Decade and Beyond, 23
N.Y.U. J. Int'l L. & Pol. 751, 767 (1991).




n29.  See Lawyers Committee for Human Rights, supra note 12, at 17.




n30.  See Zhonghua Renmin Gongheguo L<um u>shi Zanxing Tiaoli [Interim
Regulations of the People's Republic of China on Lawyers] [hereinafter 1980
Interim Regulations on Lawyers], art. 1, 1980 Fagui Huibian 44 (stating that
lawyers are state legal workers); Gelatt, supra note 13, at 756-58 (discussing
the 1980 Interim Regulations on Lawyers).




n31.  See Alford, supra note 16, at 29. All lawyers were required to work in
state-funded law offices. See Lawyers Committee for Human Rights, supra note 12,
at 18.




n32.  See Zhonghua Renmin Gongheguo Renmin Fayuan Zuzhi Fa [People's Republic of
China Organic Law for the People's Courts], art. 8, July 1, 1979, amended Sept.
2, 1983, 1983 Fagui Huibian 4, 6.




n33.  See Zhonghua Renmin Gongheguo Xingshi Susong Fa [Criminal Procedure Law of
the People's Republic of China], art. 27, July 7, 1979, 1979 Fagui Huibian 87,
94 [hereinafter 1979 Criminal Procedure Law]; cf. Lawyers Committee for Human
Rights, supra note 24, at 35 (noting that, even in such cases, defense was not
mandatory because "a defendant could always refuse the court-appointed
defender").




n34.  See 1979 Criminal Procedure Law, supra note 33, art. 26.




n35.  See 1980 Interim Regulations on Lawyers, supra note 30, art. 2.




n36.  Additionally, the actual number of cases in which courts assigned lawyers
was small. For example, while courts heard a total of 298,291 first-instance
criminal cases in 1986, they assigned lawyers to represent a total of only 9944
defendants. See Wang Minyuan, Xingshi Beigao Ren Quanli Yanjiu [Research into
the Rights of Criminal Defendants], in Zou Xiang Quanli De Shidai [Toward an Age
of Rights] 499, 531 (Xia Yong ed., 1995). Similarly, in 1989, courts assigned
lawyers to represent 17,570 defendants, while courts heard a total of 389,597
cases. See id. Some scholars believe that these official figures overstate the
number of cases in which courts appointed defenders. See id. at 532;
Correspondence with Beijing Academic, Apr. 14, 1998.




n37.  See Correspondence with Beijing Academic, Apr. 14, 1998. Lawyers rarely
refused such cases, in part because they wanted to maintain good relations with
judges. See id.




n38.  For example, lawyers were only permitted to be involved in cases after the
pre-trial investigation had been completed. See Gelatt, supra note 13, at 776.
Yet the pre-trial investigation was crucial to determining guilt or innocence,
and thus lawyers were often involved in cases only after their client's guilt
had been established. See id.; see also Wang, supra note 36, at 533 (stating
that research in a number of counties in the early 1990s showed that lawyers
often had little effect on the outcome of criminal proceedings). Although the
1979 Criminal Procedure Law required courts to permit lawyers access to
defendants seven days in advance of trial, beginning in 1983 this requirement
was waived in cases involving violent crimes. See Lawyers Committee for Human
Rights, supra note 12, at 19; see also infra notes 368-69 (discussing the role
of lawyers in criminal proceedings today).




n39.  See 1980 Interim Regulations on Lawyers, supra note 30, art. 2. Lawyers
who undertook court-appointed criminal cases received payment from the court for
doing so.




n40.  See L<um u>shi Shoufei Shixing Banfa [Provisions on Lawyers Fees for Trial
Implementation], Dec. 9, 1981, in Handbook on the Use of China's Lawyers Law
(Volume I), supra note 19, at 150, art. 9.




n41.  See id.




n42.  See L<um u>shi Yewu Shoufei Guanli Banfa [Administrative Measures on
Lawyers' Services Fees], enacted by the Ministry of Justice, Ministry of
Finance, and State Price Bureau on Mar. 7, 1990, in Handbook on the Use of
China's Lawyers Law (Volume I), supra note 19, at 316, art. 12. The range of
cases in which lawyers are instructed to provide free or reduced-fee services
was substantially the same in the 1990 measures as in the 1981 regulations. See
id. In 1997, new provisions on lawyers' fees replaced the 1990 provisions. See
L<um u>shi Fuwu Shoufei Guanli Zanxing Banfa [Provisional Measures on the
Administration of Fees for Lawyers' Services], issued by the State Planning
Commission and Ministry of Justice on Mar. 3, 1997. Although providing for
lawyers to offer free or reduced-fee services in a similar range of cases, the
1997 provisions also state that lawyers shall do so in accordance with the
relevant regulations on legal aid. See id. art. 16.

   In addition, article 58 of the 1991 Civil Procedure Law provides that courts
should assign lawyers to act on behalf of those who lack the ability to carry
out litigation on their own. See Zhonghua Renmin Gongheguo Minshi Susong Fa
[Civil Procedure Law of the People's Republic of China] [hereinafter 1991 Civil
Procedure Law], art. 58, 1991 Fagui Huibian 9. The Civil Procedure Law also
states that courts may reduce or waive court fees for litigants facing economic
hardship. See id. art. 107. However, courts rarely do so. See Mo Yuchuan et al.,
Jianli Kunnan Qiye Zhigong Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Jizhi [Establish a System of Legal
Aid for Employees of Enterprises Facing Difficulties], Gaige [Reform], 1996, No.
6, at 103, 105-06. This reluctance is in part due to courts' reliance on such
fees to cover their operating costs. See id. One group of commentators argues
that the fact that lawyers similarly rely on fees to survive means that lawyers
should not be expected to cover the costs of legal aid. See id. at 106.

   Whether or not payment of court fees will be included in the scope of legal
aid has apparently not yet been decided. Justice Minister Xiao originally wrote
that China had implemented a nearly complete system for reducing court fees for
parties facing economic hardship, and thus there was no need to include
reduction of such fees within the scope of China's legal aid programs. See Xiao,
supra note 11, at 5. In 1997, the Ministry of Justice began discussions with the
Supreme People's Court regarding the status of court fees in legal aid cases.
See Gong, supra note 8, at 2-3. The Ministry of Justice proposed issuing a joint
notice with the Supreme People's Court regarding the status of litigation fees
for legal aid recipients. However, the two organs have apparently been unable to
reach an agreement regarding the reduction of fees. The Ministry has advocated
waiving litigation fees for recipients of legal aid, while the Court has argued
that payment of fees should be delayed for legal aid recipients and the fees
borne by the losing party. See Zuigao Renmin Fayuan, Sifa Bu "Guanyu Kaizhan
Minshi Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Gongzuo De Lianhe Tongzhi" De Yunniang He Zhunbei
[Deliberations and Preparations of the Supreme People's Court and the Ministry
of Justice Regarding the "Joint Notice Regarding the Development of Civil Legal
Aid Work"], in The Ins and Outs of the Development of China's Legal Aid System,
supra note 8, at 244, 244-45. The Supreme People's Court argued that courts did
not need to waive fees for legal aid recipients because most recipients of legal
aid are plaintiffs who win their cases, and thus fees would be paid by
defendants. The Ministry of Justice objected, arguing that legal aid recipients
might not win their cases, and that, in such cases, it would be unfair to expect
them or the legal aid centers to pay litigation fees. See id. As of June 1998,
the Ministry and the Court had not reached an agreement. See June 1998 Report,
supra note 5; 1998 Government Interview B.

   I discuss the impact of court fees in greater depth elsewhere. See Note,
Class Action Litigation in China, 111 Harv. L. Rev. 1523, 1534 (1998).




n43.  See Correspondence with Beijing Academic, Apr. 14, 1998.




n44.  See Note, supra note 42, at 1531-32.




n45.  This continues to be the case. See id. at 1536.




n46.  See Lawyers Committee for Human Rights, supra note 12, at 39; Alford,
supra note 16, at 31-32.




n47.  See Lawyers Committee for Human Rights, supra note 12, at 34; Alford,
supra note 16, at 31-32.




n48.  See Lawyers Committee for Human Rights, supra note 12, at 35.




n49.  See Alford, supra note 16, at 32; Note, supra note 42, at 1539 (discussing
the willingness of lawyers to use class actions to challenge local government
interests).




n50.  See Note, supra note 42, at 1536-38.




n51.  See Justice Minister: China Making Progress in Judicial Work, Xinhua News
Agency, Dec. 17, 1997, available in LEXIS, World Library, ALLWLD File. The
number of law offices grew from 3600 to 8300 during the same period. See id. The
number of lawyers will almost certainly continue to rise at a rapid rate. In
1996, 127,000 persons took the bar exam. See Lawyers Committee for Human Rights,
supra note 12, at i-ii.




n52.  See L<um u>shi Zhiye Daode He Zhiye Jil<um u> Guifan [Lawyers Professional
Morality and Professional Discipline Standards] [hereinafter Lawyers
Professional Morality and Professional Discipline Standards], Dec. 27, 1993, in
Handbook on the Use of China's Lawyers Law (Volume I), supra note 19, at 499; Gu
Jing, Zhongguo Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhidu Yanjiu [Research into China's Legal Aid
System], Oct. 1996, at 1 (unpublished paper on file with author).




n53.  See Lawyers Professional Morality and Professional Discipline Standards,
supra note 52, art. 12. The distinction between lawyers and law firms reflects
the system in use in the 1980s, in which lawyers worked for a state-run firm,
and the fact that within firms today, lawyers are paid in part based on the
number of cases handled and the amount such cases brings to the firm.




n54.  See Zhonghua Renmin Gonghe Guo L<um u>shi Fa (Song Shen Gao) [People's
Republic of China Lawyers Law (Draft for Review)], Mar. 11, 1991, in Zhongguo
L<um u>shi Zhidu Fazhan De Lichengbei: "Zhonghua Renmin Gongheguo L<um u>shi Fa"
Lifa Guocheng Huigu [A Milestone in the Development of China's Lawyer System: A
Look Back at the Legislative Process of the "Lawyers Law of the People's
Republic of China"] 82, 82-90 (Zhang Geng ed., 1997) [hereinafter A Milestone in
the Development of China's Lawyer System].




n55.  See Zhonghua Renmin Gonghe Guo L<um u>shi Fa (Song Shen Gao) [People's
Republic of China Lawyers Law (Draft for Review)], Dec. 29, 1994, art. 79, in A
Milestone in the Development of China's Lawyer System, supra note 54, at 126,
134. The draft stated that the Ministry of Justice would enact specific
provisions regarding legal aid. See id.




n56.  See Zhonghua Renmin Gonghe Guo L<um u>shi Fa (Cao An) [People's Republic
of China Lawyers Law (Draft)], Oct. 14, 1995 [hereinafter 1995 Draft Lawyers
Law] arts. 45-48, in A Milestone in the Development of China's Lawyer System,
supra note 54, at 147, 152.




n57.  See id. art. 45.




n58.  See id. art. 46.




n59.  See id. art. 47. In addition, the draft provided for the State Council to
enact specific provisions regarding the provision of legal aid. See id. art. 48.




n60.  See Zhonghua Renmin Gongheguo L<um u>shi Fa [People's Republic of China
Lawyers Law] [hereinafter Lawyers Law], in 1996 Zhonghua Renmin Gongheguo Xin
Fagui Huibian [Collected New Laws and Regulations of the People's Republic of
China], No. 2, at 39.




n61.  See Zhonghua Renmin Gongheguo Xingshi Susong Fa [Criminal Procedure Law of
the People's Republic of China], Mar. 17, 1996 [hereinafter 1996 Criminal
Procedure Law], 1996 Fagui Huibian 55.




n62.  See id. art. 34. For a discussion of the law, see generally Lawyers
Committee for Human Rights, supra note 24.




n63.  See 1996 Criminal Procedure Law, supra note 61, art. 34.




n64.  See id.




n65.  See id.




n66.  See Lawyers Law, supra note 60, art. 41.




n67.  See id.




n68.  See id. art. 42. Article 43 states that specific regulations regarding
Legal Aid will be drafted by the Ministry of Justice and approved by the State
Council. See id. art. 43.




n69.  See 1995 Draft Lawyers Law, supra note 56, art. 45.




n70.  See id. art. 46; Lawyers Law, supra note 60, art. 41. However, the Lawyers
Law also adds a reference to cases in which a person is seeking retirement
benefits. See Lawyers Law, supra note 60, art. 41. The effect of the changes is
likely small, as the lists in both the draft and the law are non-exclusive. See
1995 Draft Lawyers Law, supra note 56, art. 46; Lawyers Law, supra note 60, art.
41.




n71.  See Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Shixing Tiaoli (Zhengqiu Yijian Gao) [Regulations on
Legal Aid for Trial Implementation (Draft for Comments)] [hereinafter 1996 Draft
Regulations] (1996), art. 30.




n72.  See id. art. 31. Such matters may include lawsuits or representation of
clients in non-litigation matters. See id.




n73.  See id. art. 32. The draft regulations do not specify compensation levels.
See id.




n74.  See Sifa Bu Guanyu Xunsu Jianli Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Jigou Kaizhan Fal<um u>
Yuanzhu Gongzuo De Tongzhi [Ministry of Justice Notice Regarding Rapidly
Establishing Legal Aid Organs and Developing Legal Aid Work], June 11, 1996,
arts. 1-2. The notice instructs municipalities to consult the examples of legal
aid systems in Guangzhou, Shanghai's Pudong District, Wuhan, and Beijing. See
id.




n75.  See Sifa Bu Guanyu Kaizhan Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Gongzuo De Tongzhi [Ministry
of Justice Notice Regarding the Development of Legal Aid Work] [hereinafter
Ministry of Justice 1997 Notice], May 21, 1997, art. 5(1), at 8.




n76.  See infra text accompanying notes 264-65, 290.




n77.  See Gong Xiaobing & Gao Zhen, Zhongguo Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhidu De Shijian,
Tansuo, Yu Qianjing (Shang) [The Practice, Exploration, and Future Prospects of
China's Legal Aid System (Part I)], Dangdai Sifa [Judicature Today], 1997, No.
5, at 9, 10; see also Chinese Newspaper Highlights, Xinhua News Agency, Dec. 14,
1996, available in LEXIS, World Library, ALLWLD File (reporting that the
Ministry of Justice and the Communist Youth League of China jointly issued a
notice regarding legal aid for juveniles). The Ministry of Justice has also
issued a notice regarding the provision of legal aid by notaries. See Sifa Bu
Fabu Guanyu Gongzheng Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Gongzuo De Tongzhi [Ministry of Justice
Issues Notice Regarding Legal Aid Work by Notaries], Ministry of Justice News of
Work on Legal Aid, supra note 5, No. 3, Dec. 28, 1997, at 12, 12. In addition,
the Ministry of Justice and the Supreme People's Court are considering issuing a
notice regarding the waiver of court fees for recipients of legal aid. See
discussion supra note 42.




n78.  See Zuigao Renmin Fayuan, Sifa Bu Guanyu Xingshi Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Gongzuo
De Lianhe Tongzhi [Joint Notice of the Ministry of Justice and the Supreme
People's Court Regarding Legal Aid Work in Criminal Cases], Apr. 9, 1997
[hereinafter Notice Regarding Legal Aid Work in Criminal Cases], art. 1. For a
discussion of the notice, see infra text accompanying notes 361-69.




n79.  See Zhonghua Renmin Gongheguo Laonian Ren Quanyi Baozhang Fa [Law of the
People's Republic of China on the Guarantee of the Rights and Interests of the
Elderly], art. 39, Aug. 29, 1996, 1996 Fagui Huiban 216, 223. The law defines an
elderly person to be anyone sixty years or older. See id. art. 2.




n80.  See Local Areas Rapidly Establish Legal Aid Organizations, supra note 5,
at 11. Twelve such local regulations are reprinted in Discussing a Legal Aid
System with Special Chinese Characteristics, supra note 11, at 115, 115-57.
Local regulations are examined in detail below. See infra Part IV.




n81.  See Sun Jibin, Shixiang Pinruouzhe De Nuoya Fangzhou - Zhongguo Fal<um u>
Yuanzhu Zai Xingdong (Er), [The Noah's Ark that is Sailing to the Poor and Weak
- China's Legal Aid in Action (Part Two)], Zhongguo L<um u>shi Bao [China Lawyer
News], July 3, 1996, at 1 [hereinafter Sun, Part Two].




n82.  See The Ins and Outs of the Development of China's Legal Aid System, supra
note 8, at 6.




n83.  See Gong & Gao, supra note 77, at 10.




n84.  See Sun Jibin, Xiao Yang Zai Quanguo Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Gongzuo Huiyi Shang
Tichu: Jianquan Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhidu, Tuijin Shehui Wenming Jinbu [Xiao Yang
at National Legal Aid Work Meeting States: Perfect the Legal Aid System, Push
Forward the Progress of Social Civilization], Zhongguo L<um u>shi Bao [China
Lawyer News], Nov. 23, 1996, at 1.




n85.  See Sifa Bu Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhongxin Neibu Jigou Shezhi Ji Qi Zhineng
Jianjie [An Introduction into the Establishment and Functioning of the Internal
Organization of the Ministry of Justice Legal Aid Center] [hereinafter
Organization of the Ministry of Justice Legal Aid Center], Ministry of Justice
News of Work on Legal Aid, supra note 5 , No. 1, June 16, 1997, at 4, 4; Sifa Bu
Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhongxin Jianjie [A Brief Introduction to the Ministry of
Justice Legal Aid Center], at 1, 1; Ministry of Justice 1997 Notice, supra note
75, at 2. Divided into five departments, the Center is responsible for
coordinating and leading legal aid work nationwide. The five departments are: an
administrative office, which is responsible for finances, personnel, and other
administrative matters; an office of professional work, which is responsible for
policy, regulations, and supervising local legal aid organizations; a research
office; a training office; and a public relations office. See Organization of
the Ministry of Justice Legal Aid Center, supra, at 5. As of June 1997, the
Center employed 35 persons. See id. at 4. Prior to the formal establishment of
the Ministry's Legal Aid Center, legal aid work in the Ministry was overseen by
officials in an office within the Ministry. See 1996 Government Interview L.




n86.  See Li Songying & Wang Shijie, Jianli Woguo Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhidu Zhi
Guanjian, [A View on the Establishment of China's Legal Aid System], L<um u>shi
Shijie [Lawyer World], May 1996, at 34, 34.




n87.  For examples of such reports, see infra text accompanying notes 298-305.




n88.  Minister Xiao subsequently became President of the Supreme People's Court.
See Xiao Yang Elected Supreme Court President, BBC Summary of World Broadcasts,
Mar. 18, 1998, FE/D3278/SI, available in LEXIS, Aust Library, BBCSWB File.




n89.  See Xiao Yang Buzhang Tan Jin Yibu Renshi Jianli He Shishi Fal<um u>
Yuanzhu Zhidu De Zuoyong He Yiyi [Minister Xiao Discusses the Use and
Significance of Further Recognizing, Establishing, and Implementing a Legal Aid
System], Ministry of Justice News of Work on Legal Aid, supra note 5, No. 1,
June 16, 1997, at 1 [hereinafter Xiao Yang Speech].




n90.  See id. at 1.




n91.  See Xiao, supra note 11, at 3.




n92.  See, e.g., Yan Hua, Qing Buqi L<um u>shi Da Buqi Guansi Zenmeban: Zhao
Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhongxin Qu! [What's to Be Done if You Can't Hire a Lawyer and
Can't Afford a Lawsuit: Seek Out a Legal Aid Center!], Zhongguo Qingnian Bao
[China Youth Daily], Feb. 12, 1997, at 1 (stating that the need to develop legal
aid is itself a product of the increased importance of law in China); Wang
Qingyun, Jianli Shishi Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhidu, Cujin Shehui Gongzheng Fazhan
[Establish and Implement a Legal Aid System, Promote the Development of Social
Justice], in Discussing a Legal Aid System with Special Chinese Characteristics,
supra note 11, at 12, 13 (stating that provision of legal aid is essential to
giving full effect to the Chinese Constitution's statement in article 33 that
all citizens are equal before the law); see also Chen Xiangming, Lun Woguo
Fal<um u> Yuanzhu De Duixiang [A Discussion of the Targets of Legal Aid in Our
Nation], in Discussing a Legal Aid System with Special Chinese Characteristics,
supra note 11, at 56, 57 (arguing that article 33 of the Constitution is
meaningless if individuals lack the financial ability to use law to protect
their rights).




n93.  See Xiao Yang Speech, supra note 89, at 1-2.




n94.  See Mo et al., supra note 42, at 103.




n95.  See Wang, supra note 92, at 12.




n96.  See Shi Lei, Lun Jianli You Zhongguo Tese Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhidu De
Ruogan Wenti [A Discussion of a Few Questions Relating to the Establishment of a
Legal Aid System with Special Chinese Characteristics], in Discussing a Legal
Aid System with Special Chinese Characteristics, supra note 11, at 28, 28.




n97.  See Gong Xiaobing, Jianli Zhongguo Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhidu, Wanshan Shehui
Baozhang Fal<um u> Tixi [Establish China's Legal Aid System, Complete a Legal
System of Social Protections], in Discussing a Legal Aid System with Special
Chinese Characteristics, supra note 11, at 3, 3.




n98.  See Xiao Yang Speech, supra note 89, at 3.




n99.  See Yan, supra note 92.




n100.  See id.




n101.  See, e.g., Guangzhou Shi Sifaju Keti Zu [Guangzhou Municipality Justice
Bureau Research Group] [hereinafter Guangzhou Justice Bureau Research Group],
Guanyu Jianli You Zhongguo Tese Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhidu De Ruogan Lilun He
Shijian Wenti [Some Theoretical and Practical Questions Regarding the
Establishment of a Legal Aid System with Special Chinese Characteristics], in
Discussing a Legal Aid System with Special Chinese Characteristics, supra note
11, at 69, 79 (stating that Deng Xiaoping's theory of establishing socialism
with Chinese characteristics is the basis for establishing a legal aid system
with Chinese characteristics).




n102.  See Xiao Yang Speech, supra note 89, at 2.




n103.  See, e.g., Sun, Part Two, supra note 81.




n104.  For example, I discuss university programs in the fourth category, even
though some university-based programs are located at law and politics
universities under the Ministry of Justice's direct supervision, and all
universities are government-run.




n105.  See, e.g., Xiao Yang Buzhang, Zhang Geng Fubuzhang Shicha Bu Fal<um u>
Yuanzhu Zhongxin De Zhishi [Instructions of Minister Xiao Yang and Vice-Minister
Zhang Geng During Inspection of the Ministry's Legal Aid Center], Ministry of
Justice News of Work on Legal Aid, supra note 5, No. 3, Dec. 28, 1997, at 2, 3
(quoting Ministry of Justice Vice-Minister Zhang Geng praising the establishment
of legal aid centers with full-time legal aid workers).




n106.  See Guangzhou Shi Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhongxin [Guangzhou Municipality
Legal Aid Center], Wei Tansuo Zhongguo Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhidu Er Fengxian -
Guangzhou Shi Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhongxin Zhounian Gaikuang [Contributing to the
Exploration of Legal Aid with Special Chinese Characteristics - A Survey of the
First Year of the Guangzhou Municipality Legal Aid Center] 1 [hereinafter
Guangzhou First Year Survey].




n107.  See Sun, Part Two, supra note 81. Prior to the Center's establishment,
local regulations in Guangzhou required lawyers to undertake legal aid work, but
the regulations were ineffective. See Guangzhou Shi Sifaju [Guangzhou
Municipality Justice Bureau], Jianli You Zhongguo Tese Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhidu
De Chubu Tansuo [An Initial Exploration of the Establishment of a Legal Aid
System with Special Chinese Characteristics] [hereinafter Guangzhou Justice
Bureau Introduction], in Shouci Quanguo Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Jingyan Jiaoliu Ji
Gongzuo Yantao Hui Jingyan Jieshao Cailiao [Materials Introducing Experience,
Presented at the First National Work and Discussion Meeting for the Exchange of
Experiences with Legal Aid] [hereinafter Materials from 1996 National Meeting]
1-2.




n108.  See Sun, Part Two, supra note 81; Gong Xiaobing, China's Legal Aid System
Under Exploration, China L., Sept. 15, 1996, at 68, 71 (stating that other large
and mid-sized cities in China should follow the Guangzhou model).




n109.  See Gong Xiaobing, Tansuozhong De Zhongguo Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhidu
[China's Legal Aid System Under Discussion], in Discussing a Legal Aid System
with Special Chinese Characteristics, supra note 11, at 42, 45. Ministry of
Justice officials have praised the Center for effectively combining these two
roles. See id.




n110.  The 500 square-meter space was formerly occupied by two state law firms;
the Guangzhou Justice Bureau allocated the space to the legal aid center when
the law firms became private firms. See 1996 Government Interview Q.




n111.  See id.




n112.  See Guangzhou Justice Bureau Introduction, supra note 107, at 9.




n113.  See 1996 Government Interview Q; Guangzhou Shi Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhongxin
[Guangzhou Municipality Legal Aid Center], Wei Tansuo Zhongguo Fal<um u> Yuanzhu
Zhidu Er Fengxian [Making a Contribution to the Exploration of China's Legal Aid
System] [hereinafter Guangzhou 1997 Report], Jan. 1997, at 3 (unpublished report
on file with author). A number of the lawyers came to the Center when the
state-run firms that employed them became partnerships. Officials at the Center
stated that they are able to be selective in hiring lawyers. See 1996 Government
Interview Q.




n114.  See 1996 Government Interview Q. However, lawyers at the Center also
receive bonuses in accordance with the number of cases they handle, and thus
their average incomes are approximately 30% to 40% higher than other government
workers. See Guangzhou Justice Bureau Introduction, supra note 107, at 11. The
Center is under the direction of the Guangzhou Justice Bureau, but it is
technically an independent government organ. See 1996 Government Interview Q.




n115.  See Sun, Part Two, supra note 81. Officials at the Center state that they
handle anywhere from a few to 20 or more in-person inquiries per day. See 1996
Government Interview Q.




n116.  See Guangzhou 1997 Report, supra note 113, at 4. Of these, 329 were
assigned by the Guangzhou Intermediate People's Court, and 13 were assigned by
the Guangdong Provincial High Court. See id. at 4-5.




n117.  See Zhao Xiaofei & Zhang Jingchun, Fal<um u> Yuanzhu De Shouyuan Tiaojian
Ji Zige Shencai [Conditions for Receiving Assistance and Inspection of
Qualifications for Legal Aid], in Discussing a Legal Aid System with Special
Chinese Characteristics, supra note 11, at 176, 177.




n118.  China first undertook a campaign to "strike hard" against crime in 1983.
See Lawyers Committee for Human Rights, supra note 24, at 3-4. The campaign was
re-launched in the spring of 1996 to stem an upsurge in crime. See PRC: Central
Committee Political Legal Commission on Striking Hard Against Crime, Foreign
Broadcast Information Service, Doc. No. FBIS-CHI-96-178, June 13, 1996; People's
Republic of China: At Least 1000 People Executed in "Strike Hard" Campaign
Against Crime, Amnesty Int'l, July 1996, at 1.




n119.  See Zhang Wenli, L<um u>shi Zai "Yanda" Zhong Da You Zuowei; Guangzhou:
Fayuan Zhongxin Jiji Shishi Xingsu Fal<um u> Yuanzhu [Lawyers Are Very Useful in
"Strike Hard"; Guangzhou: Legal Aid Center Actively Carries Out Legal Aid in
Criminal Cases], Zhongguo L<um u>shi Bao [China Lawyer News], June 29, 1996, at
1.




n120.  See Zhao Xiaofei & Zhang Wenli, Jiji Shishi Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Jinmi Peihe
Yanda Douzheng [Energetically Carry Out Legal Aid, Intensely Accommodate the
Strike Hard Struggle], June 20, 1996, at 1 (unpublished paper on file with
author).




n121.  See Zhang, supra note 119.




n122.  See 1996 Government Interview Q.




n123.  See Zhang, supra note 119.




n124.  See Guangzhou 1997 Report, supra note 113, at 7.




n125.  See Sun, Part Two, supra note 81.




n126.  See Guangzhou Justice Bureau Research Group, supra note 101, at 87; Wang
Ningjiang, Fal<um u> Yuanzhu: Guojia Dui Ruozhe De Chengnuo [Legal Aid: A
Promise from the Nation to the Weak], Renmin Jiancha Bao [People's Procuratorate
News], Feb. 21, 1997.




n127.  In 1996, for example, the local government provided 300,000 yuan to cover
the Center's operating expenses, including staff salaries. The Guangzhou
government also provided the Center with office space and a car. See 1996
Government Interview Q. The Center also solicits donations from local law firms.
See id.; see also infra Part IV.D. (discussing funding for legal aid programs).
Although the Guangzhou Center is well-funded compared to centers elsewhere in
China, the Center has been unable to expand as rapidly as it would like due to a
lack of funds. See 1996 Government Interview Q.




n128.  See 1996 Government Interview Q.




n129.  See infra text accompanying notes 388-94.




n130.  See Zheng Keti, Guanyu Woshi Jianli Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhidu De Tansuo [A
Discussion of the Establishment of a Legal Aid System in Our Municipality], in
Discussing a Legal Aid System with Special Chinese Characteristics, supra note
11, at 197, 200-01. Twenty-two of the 30 employees are to be lawyers; as of July
1997, 15 lawyers and eight administrators had been hired. See 1997 Academic
Interview D.




n131.  Of these cases, 50 resulted in litigation. See Qingdao Shi Fal<um u>
Yuanzhu Zhongxin Wenjian [Document of the Qingdao Legal Aid Center], Shangban
Nian Gongzuo Qingkuang Zongjie Baogao [Summary Report of Activities in the
Previous Six Months] [hereinafter Qingdao Legal Aid Center Summary] 1-2 (July 8,
1997); see also Gong & Gao, supra note 77, at 11 (reporting on the Qingdao Legal
Aid Center's first three months in operation).




n132.  See Liu Xiaochun, Zhang Wanfu & Li Zhiqiang, Caizheng Bokuan Zujian
Fayuan Zhongxin [Financial Allocation to Support the Organization and
Establishment of Legal Aid Center], Zhongguo L<um u>shi Bao [China Lawyer News],
Dec. 18, 1996.




n133.  See Zhengzhou Shi Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhongxin [Zhengzhou Municipality
Legal Aid Center] [hereinafter Zhengzhou Legal Aid Center], Zhengzhou Fal<um u>
Yuanzhu Zhongxin Zai Kaituo Zhong Qianjin [The Development of the Zhengzhou
Legal Aid Center Forges Ahead] 6 (Oct. 20, 1996) (unpublished report on file
with author). The Center also coordinates and supervises legal aid work by local
lawyers. See id. at 5-6.




n134.  See Wu Binyan, Changsha Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Hui Ji Laocan Fuyou [Changsha
Legal Aid Benefits the Elderly, Disabled, Women, and Children], Fazhi Ribao
[Legal Daily], Nov. 15, 1996, at 1.




n135.  See Shandong Sheng Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Jigou Jianshe Juexin Da, Bufa Kuai,
Shouxiao Da [The Establishment of Shandong Province's Legal Aid Institutions Has
Strong Resolve, Quick Steps, and Big Results], Ministry of Justice News of Work
on Legal Aid, supra note 5, No. 3, Dec. 28, 1997, at 4, 5.




n136.  Cf. Gao, supra note 5, at 11 (arguing that legal aid is government
action, and thus local governments should not rely entirely on law firms).




n137.  See 1996 Government Interview P; Shanghai Shi Pudong Xinqu Sifaju
[Shanghai Municipality Pudong New District Justice Bureau] [hereinafter Pudong
Justice Bureau], Pudong Xinqu Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Gongzuo De Tansuo Yu Shijian
[Exploration and Realization of Legal Aid Work in the Pudong New District] 8
(Sept. 10, 1996). As of September 1996, there were 522 lawyers in Pudong. See
Pudong Justice Bureau, supra, at 8.




n138.  See 1996 Government Interview P. The number of lawyers staffing the
Center has fluctuated between one and two in accordance with the number of
inquiries received. When the justice bureau established the Center, two lawyers
were on duty each day, but the number was reduced to one when the number of
inquiries fell. See id.




n139.  See Pudong Justice Bureau, supra note 137, at 6. The frequency with which
a firm is expected to staff the office depends on the firm's size. See id.




n140.  See 1996 Government Interview P. Cases are not necessarily assigned to
the firm staffing the Center on the day the case is received. See id.




n141.  See Shanghai Shi Pudong Xinqu Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Jihua (Zanxing) [Shanghai
Municipality Pudong New District Legal Aid Plan (for Temporary Implementation)]
[hereinafter Pudong Plan] art. 15, in Discussing a Legal Aid System with Special
Chinese Characteristics, supra note 11, at 133.




n142.  See 1996 Government Interview P; Pudong Justice Bureau, supra note 137,
at 6. In 1996, total government funding for the Pudong Center was between 20,000
and 30,000 yuan. See 1996 Government Interview P.




n143.  See Shanghai Pudong Xinqu Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhongxin Fal<um u> Yuanzhu
Gongzuo You Chengxiao [Legal Aid Work of the Shanghai Pudong New District Legal
Aid Center Has Results] [hereinafter Pudong Legal Aid Work Has Results],
Ministry of Justice News of Work on Legal Aid, supra note 5, No. 1, Mar. 12,
1998, at 7. Prior to 1997, courts in Pudong assigned criminal cases directly to
law firms. See 1996 Government Interview P; see also infra note 370 (discussing
a plan for the Pudong Center to manage the provision of legal aid in criminal
cases).




n144.  See 1996 Government Interview P. Only one of the first 25 cases the
Pudong Center accepted was a criminal case. See Fudan Daxue Fal<um u>xi Fal<um
u> Yuanzhu Keti Xiaozu [Fudan University Law Department Legal Aid Research
Group], Renren Xiangshou Zhengyi: Shanghai Shi Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Xianzhuang
Diaocha Baogao [Everyone Enjoys Justice: Report on an Investigation into the
Current Conditions of Legal Aid in Shanghai Municipality] [hereinafter Report on
Legal Aid in Shanghai] 12 (Aug. 20, 1996) (unpublished report on file with
author). However, the Center released statistics in 1997 stating that it had
handled 34 court-appointed criminal cases. See Wang Wenliang, Pudong Fayuan
Zhongxin Bei Dingwei Wenming Shifan Chuangkou [Pudong Legal Aid Center Is Named
a Typical Window on Civilization], Zhongguo L<um u>shi Bao [China Lawyer News],
Feb. 5, 1997, at 2.

   Officials at the Center emphasize that they monitor the work done by lawyers,
making sure that cases are done well and are not abandoned. See 1996 Government
Interview P.




n145.  See 1996 Government Interview P. Ten of these cases went to trial; 17
were resolved out of court or through court-supervised mediation. See id.; see
also Pudong Justice Bureau, supra note 137, at 4 (stating that the Pudong Center
had assisted 88 persons in legal aid cases and had answered more than 1000
inquiries).




n146.  See Report on Legal Aid in Shanghai, supra note 144, at 12.




n147.  See Pudong Legal Aid Work Has Results, supra note 143. The Center
reported that 12,000 of these inquiries came via the Center's "legal information
hotline"; the remaining 2000 inquiries were in person. See id. The Center stated
that the number of inquiries doubled from 1996 to 1997. See id. Such inquiries
apparently included many requests for basic legal information, as well as
matters that either did not require further assistance or that were not deemed
suitable for legal aid.




n148.  See id. The number of civil cases increased by 17% over the previous
year. See id.

   The rapid increase in the Center's workload during 1997 contrasts with a
decrease in previous years. Although the Center handled an average of 100 legal
inquiries per month in the first few months after it was established, the number
decreased to an average of 50 to 60 inquiries per month by late 1996. See Report
on Legal Aid in Shanghai, supra note 144, at 11.




n149.  See Pudong Legal Aid Work Has Results, supra note 143.




n150.  See Gu, supra note 52, at 4.




n151.  See Huang Wei, Noah's Ark for the Weak and Impoverished - Legal Aid in
China, Beijing Rev., Dec. 2-8, 1996, at 11, 13; Sun, Part Two, supra note 81.




n152.  See Yan, supra note 92; Wu Wenyan, Beijing Justice Bureau Report on the
Development of Legal Aid in Beijing, July 10, 1997 [hereinafter BJB 1997 Report]
(oral report delivered by Justice Bureau officials to a meeting of
representatives of foreign law firms in Beijing). In addition, in 1996, Bureau
officials announced that all new lawyers in Beijing would be required to take
five court-assigned criminal cases in their first year of practice. See Justice
Before Profit's Appeal, Xinhua News Agency, Feb. 8, 1996, available in LEXIS,
World Library, ALLWLD File. It is unclear whether the plan has been implemented.




n153.  See BJB 1997 Report, supra note 152. Firms are assigned to staff the
center in alphabetical order. See id. The actual time it takes before law firms
are required to staff the center a second time will depend on how many firms opt
out of the program, see infra text accompanying notes 161-66, and on how many
new firms are established.




n154.  See BJB 1997 Report, supra note 152.




n155.  See id. Cases are assigned to firms in reverse alphabetical order. See
id.




n156.  See 1998 Government Interview D.




n157.  See id.




n158.  See id.




n159.  See BJB 1997 Report, supra note 152. Criminal cases in Beijing that are
eligible for legal aid are assigned by the courts directly to law firms; this
process does not appear to be coordinated with the Beijing Justice Bureau's
Legal Aid Center.




n160.  See id.




n161.  See id.




n162.  See id.




n163.  See id. Although the actual amounts paid for civil legal aid cases is
unclear, one report states that Beijing lawyers receive 150 yuan for each
criminal case they undertake. See China: Free Aid Helps Poor Win Justice, China
Daily, Mar. 4, 1997, at 10. Legal aid officials estimate that each such case
costs lawyers more than 500 yuan. See id.




n164.  See BJB 1997 Report, supra note 152; China: Free Aid Helps Poor Win
Justice, supra note 163.




n165.  See BJB 1997 Report, supra note 152.




n166.  See 1997 Lawyer Interview A; 1997 Lawyer Interview B.




n167.  See Sun, Part Two, supra note 81. The role of lawyers' associations is
discussed infra note 81 .




n168.  See Zheng Yong, Access to Justice: Legal Aid in the People's Republic of
China, at 12-13 (unpublished paper on file with author).




n169.  See Sun, Part Two, supra note 81.




n170.  See id.




n171.  See id.




n172.  See Sun Jibin, Shixiang Pinruozhe de Nuoya Fangzhou - Zhongguo Fal<um u>
Yuanzhu Zai Xingdong (San) [The Noah's Ark that Is Sailing to the Poor and Weak
- China's Legal Aid in Action (Part Three)], Zhongguo L<um u>shi Bao [China
Lawyer News], July 6, 1996, at 1.




n173.  See Wuhan Shi Sifaju [Wuhan Municipal Justice Bureau] [hereinafter Wuhan
Justice Bureau], Jiji Xingdong Nuli Tansuo, Jianli Wanshan Fal<um u> Yuanzhu
Zhidu [Vigorously Pursue and Make Great Efforts to Examine, Establish, and
Perfect a Legal Aid System] 1 (Oct. 8, 1996) (unpublished paper on file with
author).




n174.  See Gong, supra note 109, at 46.




n175.  See Lawyers Committee for Human Rights, supra note 12, at 89.




n176.  See Matt Forney, Serve the People: The Rural Poor Get a Taste of Legal
Aid, Far. E. Econ. Rev., Mar. 7, 1996, at 28.




n177.  See 1998 Lawyer Interview B. An additional 100 cases were resolved out of
court. See id.




n178.  See id.




n179.  See id.




n180.  See id.




n181.  See id.




n182.  See id.




n183.  See Gong, supra note 109, at 45; Report on Legal Aid in Shanghai, supra
note 144, at 6-7; 1996 Government Interview L. In Shanghai's Yangpu District,
retired justice bureau officials answered 552 inquiries in the first half of
1996. See Report on Legal Aid in Shanghai, supra note 144, at 6. Nearly
one-quarter of these related to housing issues; the remainder were spread among
a wide range of subject areas. See id. Some were referred to law firms. See
Gong, supra note 180, at 70 (reporting that the legal aid program in Yangpu
District undertook 134 cases).




n184.  See Wang Yu, Zoujin Qianjia Wanhu: Shouci Quanguo Jiceng Fal<um u> Fuwu
Zixun Ri Huodong Ce Ji [Enter Into 1000 Homes and 10,000 Households: A Record of
Activities on the First National Primary Level Legal Services Information Day],
Fazhi Ribao [Legal Daily], Oct. 17, 1996, at 2.




n185.  See Yan, supra note 92. Commentators also argue that labor unions should
establish legal aid programs. See Mo et al., supra note 42, at 103-06.




n186.  See Yan, supra note 92.




n187.  See 1996 Government Interview T.




n188.  See, e.g., Sun Yu, Wei Canji Ren Tigong Sanyou Fuwu [Provide the Three
Beneficial Services for the Disabled], Fazhi Ribao [Legal Daily], June 5, 1997,
at 5.




n189.  See id.




n190.  See Liu Xiquan, Weile Ruozhe De Quanyi, [On Behalf of the Rights and
Interests of the Weak], Guangming Ribao [Guangming Daily], June 11, 1997, at 4.




n191.  Center for Protection of the Rights of Disadvantaged Citizens of Wuhan
University, For a Society of Justice and Fair Judgments to the Disadvantaged
[hereinafter For a Society of Justice] (pamphlet).




n192.  See Wuhan Daxue Shehui Ruozhe Quanli Baohu Zhongxin [Wuhan University
Center for the Protection of the Rights of Disadvantaged Citizens], Zhongguo
Tese De Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhi Lu [The Path to Legal Aid with Special Chinese
Characteristics] [hereinafter The Path to Legal Aid with Special Chinese
Characteristics] 1 (unpublished report on file with author) (stating that the
Center receives no government money and thus, would be termed a non-governmental
organization abroad).




n193.  See Liu, supra note 190. The Center established the environmental
division in 1995 and the elders' rights division in 1996; the other four
divisions were established when the Center was created in 1992. See 1996 Lawyer
Interview H.




n194.  See Huan Ruozhe Yi Gongzheng [Providing Justice for the Weak], Renmin
Ribao [People's Daily], Mar. 26, 1998, at 3. For statistics from previous years,
see Liu, supra note 190; Li Gan, Weile Shehui Ruozhe De Quanli [On Behalf of the
Rights of Society's Weak], Fazhi Ribao [Legal Daily], Feb. 20, 1997, at 6.




n195.  See Wuhan Daxue Shehui Ruozhe Quanli Baohu Zhongxin [Wuhan University
Center for the Protection of the Rights of Disadvantaged Citizens], Wuhan Daxue
Shehui Ruozhe Quanli Baohu Zhongxin Zongjie Baogao [Summary Report of the Wuhan
University Center for the Protection of the Rights of Disadvantaged Citizens]
[hereinafter Wuhan Summary Report] 2 (unpublished report on file with author).




n196.  See id.; 1996 Lawyer Interview I. Approximately one-third of the total
number of students in the law department work in the Center. See 1996 Lawyer
Interview I.




n197.  See Wuhan Summary Report, supra note 195, at 2. Undergraduate students
assist in gathering evidence and may attend court hearings as assistants. See
id.




n198.  See 1996 Lawyer Interview H. Lawyers at the Center define a successful
case as one in which their client is content with the outcome. See id. Many of
the cases the Center handles are resolved through negotiation or mediation. See
id. The Center reports winning satisfactory outcomes in 107 of the cases it
handled in its first five years in operation. See Liu, supra note 190. Most of
the other cases were ongoing at the time the statistics in the report were
collected. See id.




n199.  See 1996 Lawyer Interview H.




n200.  See 1996 Lawyer Interview K.




n201.  See 1996 Lawyer Interview H.




n202.  See 1996 Lawyer Interview I. Introductory materials published by the
Center state that it undertakes criminal cases, see For a Society of Justice,
supra note 191, but most of those cases appear to involve representing the
victims of crimes. For example, in one case, Center lawyers representing the
family of a murder victim succeeded in convincing authorities to change the
charge from assault causing death to intentional murder. See Cheng Guangmin, Hao
Yiqun Fuwei Jikun De Gaoxiao Ren [A Good Group of University People Helping
Those in Difficulty], Wenhua Bao [Culture News], Oct. 13, 1995, at 4.




n203.  See 1996 Lawyer Interview I.




n204.  See id.




n205.  See 1996 Lawyer Interview J.




n206.  See 1996 Lawyer Interview H.




n207.  See 1996 Lawyer Interview J.




n208.  See 1996 Lawyer Interview K. For examples of positive press coverage, see
Cheng, supra note 202; Jin Ming, Fal<um u> Yuanzhu: Pinruozhe De Fuyin [Legal
Aid: Glad Tidings for the Poor and Weak], Fazhi Ribao [Legal Daily], Aug. 7,
1996, at 5; Sun, supra note 20, at 1 (describing suit handled by the Wuhan
Center on behalf of a daughter against her father); see also The Path to Legal
Aid with Special Chinese Characteristics, supra note 192, at 2-3 (stating that
the Center's success would not have been possible without the support of the
news media); Wuhan Summary Report, supra note 195, at 3 (listing 24 newspapers
and three television programs that reported on the Center's activities in 1994
or 1995).




n209.  See 1996 Lawyer Interview K.




n210.  See 1997 Government Official Interview A.




n211.  See Cheng, supra note 202, at 4.




n212.  See 1996 Lawyer Interview B; Center for Women's Law Studies and Legal
Services of Peking University, An Introduction to the Center for Women's Law
Studies and Legal Services of Peking University [hereinafter Peking University
Center Introduction] 1-2 (1997).




n213.  See Beijing Daxue Fal<um u> Xi Fun<um u> Fal<um u> Yanjiu Yu Fuwu
Zhongxin [Center for Women's Law Studies and Legal Services of Peking
University], Zixun Rexian Zongjie [Summary of Hotline Inquiries].




n214.  See 1996 Lawyer Interview B; 1997 Lawyer Interview C.




n215.  See 1996 Lawyer Interview B.




n216.  See Peking University Center Introduction, supra note 212, at 2.




n217.  See id.




n218.  The Center's charter states that the Center "gives priority to
undertaking influential, complicated, and representative cases." See Center for
Women's Law Studies and Services of Peking University, Charter of the Center for
Women's Law Studies and Legal Services of Peking University, art. 4 (Mar. 1997)
[hereinafter Peking University Center Charter].




n219.  The Center does not use the term "advocacy," but states that it intends
to engage in scholarship "aimed at informing judges, administrators, and
legislators of problems facing China's women, so as to accelerate the
development of women's rights under the law." See Peking University Center
Introduction, supra note 212, at 1; see also Peking University Center Charter,
supra note 218, art. 5 (stating that the Center submits "suggestions and views"
related to women's rights to "legislative, judicial, and executive bodies").




n220.  See 1997 Lawyer Interview C.




n221.  See id.




n222.  See id.




n223.  See 1998 Lawyer Interview A.




n224.  See id.




n225.  See 1997 Lawyer Interview C.




n226.  See Sun, supra note 20, at 1. The center was established with assistance
from the Wuhan University center in an effort to handle the many requests for
advice that the Wuhan Center received from Jiangxi. See 1996 Lawyer Interview K.




n227.  See Chen Liming, Zhongzheng Daxuesheng Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhongxin Chengli
[China University of Law and Politics Student Legal Aid Center is Established],
Fazhi Ribao [Legal Daily], Oct. 12, 1996, at 2; Zhengfa Daxue Xuesheng Fal<um u>
Yuanzhu Zhongxin Chengli [China University of Law and Politics Student Legal Aid
Center is Established], Zhongguo L<um u>shi Bao [China Lawyer News], Oct. 26,
1996. Students providing street consultations generally establish an information
table outside the university or in a busy shopping area to provide answers to
legal inquiries from passersby.




n228.  See Gu, supra note 52, at 6. Students at other universities have
established similar organizations. See, e.g., Cheng Peiji, Gansu Shoujia Fayuan
Jigou Zai Landa Guapai [The First Legal Aid Institution in Gansu Opens at
Lanzhou University], Zhongguo L<um u>shi Bao [China Lawyer News], May 17, 1997,
at 1 (describing the establishment of a legal aid program at Lanzhou
University); Fudan Daxue Xuesheng Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhongxin Choubei Xiaozu
[Preparation Group of Fudan University Student Legal Aid Center], Fudan Daxue
Xuesheng Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhongxin Choubei Guocheng Jianjie [A Brief
Introduction to Procedures Regarding Preparation of the Fudan University Student
Legal Aid Center] (Oct. 17, 1996) (describing the establishment of a legal aid
center at Shanghai's Fudan University).




n229.  See 1998 Government Interview B.




n230.  See 1996 Lawyer Interview K; Gu, supra note 52, at 5. Students may,
however, represent clients as non-lawyers. China's Civil Procedure law permits a
party to a lawsuit to be represented by a non-lawyer, subject to approval by the
court. See 1991 Civil Procedure Law, supra note 42, art. 58. Non-lawyers may
also appear on behalf of criminal defendants, but with limited rights. See
generally Gu, supra note 52, at 5 & n.8 (discussing the possibility that law
students may appear in court as non-lawyers).




n231.  See Gu, supra note 52, at 5 & n.7.




n232.  See Yan Yongwei, Dalian L<um u>shi Ganzuo Ruozhe Houdun [Dalian Lawyers
Willingly Serve as a Backup Force for the Weak], Fazhi Ribao [Legal Daily], May
13, 1997, at 1; Yan Yongwei, Jiakuai Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Gongzuo Bufa [Quicken the
Pace of Legal Aid Work], Fazhi Ribao [Legal Daily], Apr. 10, 1997, at 2. One
Dalian firm reported handling 50 legal aid cases. See id. Dalian officials
report that lawyers have provided pro bono services to 30% of those in need of
legal aid. See Yan Yongwei, Dalian L<um u>shi Wuchang Banan Shu Zengda [Number
of Cases Handled Without Compensation by Dalian Lawyers Increases], Zhongguo
L<um u>shi Bao [China Lawyer News], May 3, 1997, at 1.




n233.  See Lawyers Provide Free Legal Assistance, China Daily, Aug. 16, 1997, at
2.




n234.  See, e.g., China: Free Aid Helps Poor Win Justice, supra note 163
(reporting that a Beijing law firm represented a boy crippled after being beaten
outside his school); Jin, supra note 208; Lawyers Provide Free Legal Assistance,
supra note 233 (reporting that 5000 lawyers in eight provinces or municipalities
took 4500 legal aid cases in the first half of 1997); Zhang Yujie, Qingdao
Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Huo Lianheguo Zizhu [Qingdao's Legal Aid Receives United
Nations Financial Assistance], Zhongguo L<um u>shi Bao [China Lawyer News], Nov.
23, 1996, at 1 (reporting that lawyers in Qingdao provided legal aid in 700
cases prior to the establishment of the Qingdao Legal Aid Center).




n235.  See, e.g., Zhongkai L<um u>shi Shiwusuo Jiji Wei Canji Ren Zuzhi Tigong
Fal<um u> Fuwu [Zhongkai Law Firm Energetically Provides Legal Services to the
Disabled], Ministry of Justice News of Work on Legal Aid, supra note 5, No. 1,
Mar. 12, 1998, at 4-5 (reporting that one law firm handled 24 cases on behalf of
disabled persons in a one year period).

   In addition, one Hunan law firm reported that beginning in 1995, each lawyer
within the firm was required to take one to three pro bono cases annually;
another Hunan firm reported handling more than 1200 requests for legal advice
over the firm's legal aid hotline, as well as serving as a pro bono legal
adviser to 15 bankrupt enterprises and taking 23 legal aid cases. See Sun, supra
note 172. In 1996 the Hunan Province Justice Bureau and Lawyers' Association
reported that lawyers in the province undertook 920 pro bono cases and responded
to 218,600 inquiries as part of their legal aid work. See Hunan Sheng Sifa Ting
& Hunan Sheng L<um u>shi Xiehui [Hunan Province Justice Bureau and Hunan
Province Lawyers' Association], Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Renzhong Daoyuan [Legal Aid:
The Burden is Heavy and the Road is Long] [hereinafter Hunan Report], in
Materials from 1996 National Meeting, supra note 107, at 1. Similarly, in
Zhengzhou, a local law firm began providing legal aid prior to the local justice
bureau's establishment of a legal aid program, see Sun, supra note 172, and
officials in Zhengzhou reported in 1996 that local lawyers had handled a total
of 845 legal aid cases, see Zhengzhou Legal Aid Center, supra note 133, at 3.
This figure includes criminal cases courts assign to lawyers, as well as civil
cases. See id. Likewise, in Wuhan, the Qiushi Law Firm pledged two percent of
its annual income to support legal aid and took a total of 13 legal aid cases in
1995. See Sun, supra note 172.




n236.  Such statistics are apparently provided by law firms themselves, and many
of the figures on voluntary legal aid work appear to be unverified and
exaggerated. Nevertheless, such reports do suggest that lawyers are handling a
significant number of such cases.




n237.  See, e.g., Gong, supra note 109, at 47; Sun Jibin, Shixiang Pinruozhe De
Nuoya Fangzhou - Zhongguo Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zai Xingdong (Si) [The Noah's Ark
That is Sailing to the Poor and Weak - China's Legal Aid in Action (Part Four)],
Zhongguo L<um u>shi Bao [China Lawyer News], July 9, 1996, at 1. Gong notes that
some lawyers only take on pro bono cases when they will be able to use such
cases to their own advantage. See Gong, supra note 109, at 46. Some lawyers
question the actual effectiveness of such strategies, or even express fear that
publicity will lead to a stream of clients seeking free legal advice. See Jin,
supra note 208, at 5-6.




n238.  See, e.g., 1996 Lawyer Interview C; 1996 Journalist Interview A; China:
Free Aid Helps Poor Win Justice, supra note 164 (quoting one Beijing lawyer as
stating that "a good reputation is an invaluable asset").




n239.  See Note, supra note 42, at 1537.




n240.  See Report on Legal Aid in Shanghai, supra note 144, at 4. One
commentator notes that lawyers who provide free legal assistance for promotional
purposes at times do not pay attention to whether their client is actually poor.
See Gu, supra note 52, at 5.




n241.  See, e.g., 1996 Lawyer Interview C.




n242.  See Jin, supra note 208.




n243.  See 1996 Lawyer Interview D.




n244.  See id.




n245.  See id.




n246.  Defining the targets of legal aid also involves weighing the relative
importance of criminal and civil legal aid; this issue is discussed infra text
accompanying note 401 .




n247.  See Zhongguo Fal<um u> Nianjian Bianji Bu [Law Yearbook of China
Editorial Department], Zhongguo Fal<um u> Nianjian (1996) [Law Yearbook of China
(1996)] [hereinafter Yearbook 1996] 957.




n248.  See id. at 975.




n249.  Although lawyers protest that the Ministry of Justice sets rates for
legal services at excessively low levels, see Note, supra note 42, at 1536-37,
even the low official rates may place lawyers out of reach of most persons.

   Although the fact that so many cases are brought without the assistance of
counsel could be read to suggest that many in China are able to navigate the
legal system without the help of lawyers, statistics do not distinguish between
cases brought on behalf of individuals and cases brought on behalf of
enterprises or corporations, and much of the increase in litigation in recent
years has been between corporations or enterprises in economic cases.




n250.  See Shi, supra note 96, at 39-40.




n251.  See Gong Xiaobing & Gao Zhen, Zhongguo Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhidu De
Shijian, Tansuo, Yu Qianjing (Xia) [The Practice, Exploration, and Future
Prospects of China's Legal Aid System (Part II)], Dangdai Sifa [Judicature
Today], 1997, No. 6, at 12, 13. Of these, approximately 20 million are urban
residents and 65 million reside in rural areas. See id.




n252.  See id.




n253.  See id.




n254.  See id.




n255.  See Ju Li, Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Bu Neng Zhaoban L<um u>shi Gongzuo Muo
[Legal Aid Cannot Copy Lawyer's Work Models], Zhongguo L<um u>shi Bao [China
Lawyer News], Nov. 16, 1996, at 3.




n256.  See id.




n257.  See id. The experience of legal aid centers to date also demonstrates the
potential demand for legal aid. For example, the Guangzhou Center reports
numerous requests for legal assistance from other areas in Guangdong Province
and from neighboring provinces. See Zhao Xiaofei, Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Gongzuo De
Xuanchuan [Publicity Regarding Legal Aid Work], in Discussing a Legal Aid System
with Special Chinese Characteristics, supra note 11, at 185, 187. Zhao, the
director of the Guangzhou Center, attributes such inquiries in part to the
widespread press coverage the Center received in its first year in operation.
See id. Similarly, the written requests for assistance that the Wuhan University
Center receives come from across China, and individuals often travel long
distances to consult with lawyers at the Center. On one of the days I visited
the Center, two persons from Liaoning Province arrived seeking assistance. They
had traveled to Wuhan - a 36-hour journey - after reading about the Center in a
Liaoning newspaper. Although the Wuhan Center provides information to persons
outside of Hubei Province, it rarely takes on cases outside of the province
because of logistical and financial limitations. See 1996 Lawyer Interview K.




n258.  Gong and Gao acknowledge that their calculation methods are imprecise,
but argue that in reality the demand for legal aid in China is likely to exceed
these figures. See Gong & Gao, supra note 251, at 13.




n259.  See Gu, supra note 52, at 9.




n260.  See id. at 9.




n261.  See Shi, supra note 96, at 40.




n262.  See id. Other observers have noted that one factor limiting demand for
legal aid may be a general lack of confidence in the legal system: many people
may not seek aid because they have little faith that it would be of any use. See
1998 Academic Interview B; 1998 Academic Interview C.




n263.  See Xiao, supra note 11, at 4.




n264.  See Ministry of Justice 1997 Notice, supra note 75, at 3. Income levels
for determining eligibility are to be set in accordance with local regulations.
See id. The 1997 Notice's provisions regarding persons entitled to legal aid and
cases suitable for legal aid mirror those in the 1996 Draft Regulations. Compare
Ministry of Justice 1997 Notice, supra note 75, arts. 2-3 with 1996 Draft
Regulations, supra note 71, arts. 9-15.




n265.  See Ministry of Justice 1997 Notice, supra note 75, at 4.




n266.  See Mo et al., supra note 42, at 106 (stating that legal aid should be
limited to those whose income falls below the local poverty line); Sun Yu, supra
note 188 (same). But see infra text accompanying notes 272-75 (discussing
flexible application of local requirements).




n267.  See Guangzhou Shi Sifaju Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Shixing Banfa [Guangzhou
Municipality Justice Bureau Legal Aid Implementing Provisions] [hereinafter
Guangzhou Provisions] art. 8, in Discussing a Legal Aid System with Special
Chinese Characteristics, supra note 11, at 120. In civil cases and in criminal
cases not assigned to the Center by a court, this is done by demonstrating that
the applicant is unable to work or is officially classified by the local Bureau
of Civil Affairs as having a low income. In 1996, the minimum monthly income in
Guangzhou was 210 yuan; persons with income below this level were entitled to
legal aid. See 1996 Government Interview Q.

   In cases in which the person applying for legal aid is able to pay some of
the cost of representation, the Guangzhou regulations state that the Center may
charge reduced fees in accordance with national fee standard regulations. See
Guangzhou Provisions art. 17, supra, at 122. Qingdao's provisions similarly
state that in cases in which the legal aid recipient is seeking monetary
compensation and is successful, the legal aid center may ask her to compensate
the Center for all or a portion of the costs incurred in the case. If the
recipient refuses, the Center is authorized to deduct such amounts from the
award. See Qingdao Shi L<um u>shi Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Shixing Banfa [Qingdao
Municipality Implementing Provisions for Legal Aid by Lawyers] [hereinafter
Qingdao Provisions] art. 28, in Discussing a Legal Aid System with Special
Chinese Characteristics, supra note 11, at 125, 130.




n268.  See Zhao & Zhang, supra note 107, at 176, 177; cf. Guangzhou Justice
Bureau Introduction, supra note 107, at 17 (noting that one reason that the
majority of cases handled by the Center are criminal cases is that many
applicants for civil legal aid are unable to prove that their income is below
the minimum level).




n269.  See Qingdao Provisions art. 10, supra note 267. The minimum monthly
income level in Qingdao in 1997 was 270 yuan. See 1997 Academic Interview D.
Qingdao officials state that strict income standards are required because of the
Center's lack of funds. See id.




n270.  See Pudong Plan, supra note 141, art. 8; Report on Legal Aid in Shanghai,
supra note 144, at 11; 1996 Government Interview P. In 1996, individuals with
monthly income below 250 yuan were entitled to receive assistance in Pudong. See
1996 Government Interview P.




n271.  See Jiangsu Sheng L<um u>shi Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Shishi Banfa (Shixing)
[Jiangsu Province Lawyers Legal Aid Implementing Provisions (for Trial
Implementation)] (June 13, 1996) [hereinafter Jiangsu Provisions] arts. 5-6, in
Discussing a Legal Aid System with Special Chinese Characteristics, supra note
11, at 115, 115-16. The less stringent language may reflect a greater degree of
flexibility, but such language may also merely reflect that the regulations were
issued by provincial authorities with the expectation that local areas would
issue more detailed guidelines.




n272.  See Zhengzhou Legal Aid Center, supra note 133, at 7. At the time of the
Center's establishment in 1996, the local minimum monthly income level was 120
yuan. See id.




n273.  See id. at 8.




n274.  See 1996 Government Interview P.




n275.  See Zhao & Zhang, supra note 107, at 179. In cases in which the legal aid
recipient is either temporarily impoverished or claiming a large amount, the
Guangzhou Center may charge him on a contingent basis. See id.




n276.  See Zheng Zhilin, Tantan Jianli Woguo Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhidu De Jige
Wenti [A Discussion of a Few Issues Relating to the Establishment of Our
Nation's Legal Aid System], Shandong Faxue [Shandong Legal Stud.], 1996, No. 1,
at 45, 46.




n277.  See id. at 45.




n278.  See Guangzhou Provisions art. 12, supra note 267. Lawyers at the Center
state that many individuals who learned about the Center through the media
thought that it provided free lawyers to anyone who sought assistance and did
not understand that legal aid was available only to those facing economic
hardships. See 1996 Government Interview Q.




n279.  See Guangzhou Provisions art. 12, supra note 267. The Qingdao Legal Aid
Center similarly charges a 50 yuan fee, which is returned if the application for
legal aid is accepted. See Qingdao Provisions art. 20, supra note 267.




n280.  Although one group of commentators states that most of the recipients of
legal aid in China to date have been migrant workers, see Mo et al., supra note
42, at 104, most legal aid centers surveyed for this article appear primarily to
be serving local residents.




n281.  See Deyang Shi Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Shixing Banfa [Deyang Municipality Legal
Aid Provisions for Trial Implementation] [hereinafter Deyang Provisions], in
Discussing a Legal Aid System with Special Chinese Characteristics, supra note
11, at 143, 143.




n282.  See Guangzhou Provisions art. 7, supra note 267.




n283.  National guidelines and most local regulations limit legal aid to Chinese
citizens except where China has entered into agreements with foreign states. For
arguments that legal aid should not be provided to non-citizens, see Li & Wang,
supra note 86, at 35. Such arguments seem largely rhetorical, as there appear to
be few cases in which foreign litigants have sought legal aid in civil cases in
China. Foreigners do receive legal aid in criminal cases if they lack an
attorney, and the Guangzhou Legal Aid Center has represented foreign defendants
in two criminal cases. See 1996 Government Interview Q.




n284.  See Wuhan Justice Bureau, supra note 173, at 3. Jiangsu's regulations
state only that those applying for legal aid must be citizens of China who are
within the territory of Jiangsu Province. See Jiangsu Provisions art. 5, supra
note 271. Similarly, Qingdao's regulations require recipients of legal aid to be
Qingdao residents or persons residing in Qingdao, but they do not specifically
state that recipients must possess Qingdao residence permits. See Qingdao
Provisions, supra note 267. Qingdao's provisions also state that cases eligible
for legal aid must, in general, have arisen in Qingdao. See id. art. 10.




n285.  See 1996 Government Interview Q. Lawyers at the Center state that if a
migrant worker lacks official proof of income, the Center will try to estimate
it to see if he qualifies for legal aid, and will examine the claim and the
nature of the harm suffered to see if it will be useful to pursue the case. See
id. Additionally, the Center will, in certain circumstances, undertake cases
where the dispute has arisen in Guangzhou. See Zhao Xiaofei, Fal<um u> Yuanzhu
Yunzuo Shiwu [The Operation of Legal Aid Responsibility], in Diyi Qi Quanguo
Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Renyuan Peixun Ban Jianggao Zhi Er [Drafts of Speeches for the
First Period National Legal Aid Personnel Training Course, Part 2] 4 (Dec. 20,
1997).




n286.  See 1996 Government Official Interview P; see also Wang, supra note 144
(reporting that four of the Center's first 50 clients were migrant workers).




n287.  See Qingdao Legal Aid Center Summary, supra note 131, at 1.




n288.  See Laurence J.C. Ma and Biao Xian, Native Place, Migration and the
Emergence of Peasant Enclaves, 155 China Q. 479, 547-48 (1998).




n289.  Xiao defines such violations to be violations of voting rights or the
right to be selected as a candidate in elections. See Xiao, supra note 11, at 6.




n290.  See Ministry of Justice 1997 Notice, supra note 75, at 4. Both Xiao and
the 1997 Notice also state that legal aid is appropriate in criminal cases. See
infra text accompanying notes 358-64.




n291.  See Jiangsu Provisions art. 5, supra note 271.




n292.  See Wuhan Shi L<um u>shi Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Banfa [Wuhan Municipality
Provisions on Legal Aid by Lawyers] (May 5, 1995) [hereinafter Wuhan Provisions]
art. 3, in Discussing a Legal Aid System with Special Chinese Characteristics,
supra note 11, at 135, 135. Although the Wuhan regulations do not specifically
state that legal aid shall be available in cases arising out of infringements of
democratic rights, the regulations do provide for legal aid to be available in
"other disputes arising from rights and interests" in which the applicant for
legal aid is unable to afford the cost of hiring a lawyer. See id. art. 3(4).




n293.  See Pudong Plan, supra note 141, art. 5. Lawyers who have represented
legal aid clients in first-instance cases are, however, permitted to continue
representing such clients on appeal if the lawyers believe an appeal is
necessary. See id.




n294.  See Guangzhou Provisions art. 9, supra note 267. Other areas have imposed
similar restrictions. Qingdao's regulations state that the local center has the
right to refuse cases in which the amount in controversy is small. See Qingdao
Provisions art. 16, supra note 267. In Zhuhai, regulations state that legal aid
centers will not accept cases if the amount in dispute is less than 5000 yuan;
Wuhan's regulations limit legal aid to disputes involving more than 3000 yuan.
See Gedi Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Jigou Fenfen Zhiding Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Shixing Banfa
[Legal Aid Institutions in Various Areas One After Another Formulate Legal Aid
Provisions for Trial Implementation] [hereinafter Various Areas Formulate Legal
Aid Provisions], Ministry of Justice News of Work on Legal Aid, supra note 5,
No. 3, Dec. 28, 1997, at 7, 8.




n295.  See Zhao & Zhang, supra note 107, at 180.




n296.  See id. at 180-81.




n297.  See, e.g., Spokeswoman on Women's Rights, Feb. 5, 1999, FE/D3451/9,
available in LEXIS, News Library, BBCMIR File; Seminar Highlights Women's Human
Rights Issues, BBC Summary of World Broadcasts, Nov. 2, 1998, FE/D337319,
available in LEXIS, News Library, BBCMIR File.




n298.  This section focuses on representative cases; however, much of the work
of legal aid centers consists of responding to written and in person inquiries.
Statistics from Qingdao illustrate the wide range of subject matter of such
inquiries. Of the 595 inquiries the Center received through June 1997, 30.5%
were from women, 14.6% were from elderly persons, 14.6% were from disabled
persons, and 6.8% were from juveniles. See Qingdao Legal Aid Center Summary,
supra note 131, at 1. Questions regarding labor disputes accounted for 21.5% of
inquiries, economic disputes for 8.2%, criminal disputes for 6%, and
administrative disputes for 4%. See id. By far the largest volume of inquiries -
52.4% - related to civil disputes, including housing disputes, marriage
disputes, and tort claims. See id.




n299.  See 1996 Government Interview Q; Zhao & Zhang, supra note 107, at 176,
178-79. Although most cases that have received press coverage are cases in which
legal aid lawyers have won protections for their clients via the courts, many
cases, especially domestic disputes, are resolved outside of court. Indeed, in
some cases legal aid lawyers appear to assume roles more traditionally played by
People's Mediation Committees. In Guangzhou, for example, when a woman sought
the assistance of the legal aid center in pursuing a divorce - in part because
of physical abuse from her husband - the Center's lawyers mediated between the
couple, successfully urging them to reconcile their differences. See Li
Xiaoling, Wei Congshi Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Gongzuo Er Zihao [Pride in Taking Part
in Legal Aid Work], in Discussing a Legal Aid System with Special Chinese
Characteristics, supra note 11, at 189, 193-94; cf. Qingdao Provisions art. 12,
supra note 267, at 121 (stating that in providing legal aid, lawyers may engage
in mediation, but that such mediation may not violate the interests of the
person receiving legal aid).

   Lawyers at many of the legal aid centers emphasize that, in many civil cases,
mediation continues to be important, especially in disputes among family
members. See, e.g., 1996 Government Interview R (describing a suit by an elderly
Guangzhou resident against his children for support, which was resolved via
mediation). Lawyers also comment that effective representation often involves
consulting with work units and neighborhood committees, as well as with the
opposing party and the courts. See, e.g., 1996 Government Official Interview P.




n300.  See Li, supra note 299, at 189-90. Li Xiaoling was the Guangzhou Legal
Aid Center attorney who handled the case. See id. As a result of the mother's
disappearance, the boy was unable to obtain a residence permit and, therefore,
was unable to attend school. See id. at 189.




n301.  See id. at 190.




n302.  See id.




n303.  See id. at 190-91. The Pudong Center similarly represented a child in a
suit against her father for failing to pay child support. See Pudong Justice
Bureau, supra note 137, at 4-5.




n304.  See Zhengzhou Legal Aid Center, supra note 133, at 8.




n305.  See 1996 Government Interview P; Pudong Justice Bureau, supra note 137,
at 4.




n306.  See 1996 Lawyer Interview K.




n307.  See 1996 Lawyer Interview J.




n308.  See id. One lawyer at the Center comments that many women in divorce
proceedings are unable to obtain lawyers even if they are willing to pay, as
most lawyers avoid domestic cases, both because it is easy to make enemies in
such cases and because divorce cases are rarely profitable. See id.




n309.  See Beijing Daxue Fal<um u> Xi Fun<um u> Fal<um u> Yanjiu Yu Fuwu
Zhongxin [Center for Women's Law Studies and Legal Services of Peking
University], Beida Fal<um u> Xi Fun<um u> Fal<um u> Yanjiu Yu Fuwu Zhongxin
Shouli Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Anjian Guize [Center for Women's Law Studies and Legal
Services of Peking University Regulations for Accepting Legal Aid Cases] (Mar.
1997).




n310.  Examples of cases handled by the Wuhan University Center include a
successful suit for 20,000 yuan on behalf of a child maimed by high voltage
electric wires, see Cheng, supra note 202, at 4; Li Gan, supra note 194; and
numerous child support and divorce cases, see, e.g., Cheng, supra note 202, at 4
(describing a divorce case handled by the Wuhan Center). The majority of cases
the Wuhan University Center's women's rights division handles are child support
and divorce cases; many involve claims of domestic violence. See 1996 Lawyer
Interview J. The Center has also represented women who were victims of assaults
outside the home, as well as women plaintiffs in a number of labor cases. See
id. Cases on behalf of the elderly include representation of an elderly blind
woman who was cheated out of her savings by a neighbor. See Jin, supra note 208.




n311.  The number of administrative suits in China has risen rapidly in recent
years, increasing at an average annual rate of 26.7% between 1992 and 1997. See
Ren Jianxin, Zuigao Renmin Fayuan Gongzuo Baogao [Supreme People's Court Work
Report], Mar. 10, 1998, reprinted in Renmin Ribao [People's Daily], Mar. 24,
1998, at 2. A total of 281,974 administrative cases were tried between 1992 and
1997. See id.




n312.  See Ma Li, Tao Shang "Boli Xiaoxie" De Jubao Zhe [The Informant Who Wore
"Glass Slippers"], 1995 Minzhu Yu Fazhi [Democracy and the Legal System], No.
13, at 24, 24-26. The court ordered that the decision to arrest the woman be
rescinded and that the public security bureau pay 800 yuan in compensation. See
id. at 26. The Center brought a similar claim on behalf of eight villagers
jailed as a result of charges of corruption they had made against the village
leaders. See Wuhan Daxue Shehui Ruozhe Quanli Baohu Zhongxin, Dianxing Anli
[Wuhan University Center for the Protection of the Rights of Disadvantaged
Citizens: Typical Cases] 2-3 (unpublished report on file with author).




n313.  See 1996 Lawyer Interview K.




n314.  See id. Some law firms have also handled pro bono administrative cases.
In Hunan, for example, a law firm represented the family of a person who became
ill and died after being illegally taken into custody by the local public
security office. The public security bureau agreed to pay the family 20,000 yuan
and to provide family members with urban residence permits as compensation. See
Hunan Report, supra note 235, at 6. However, it appears that governmental legal
aid centers have not undertaken many such cases.




n315.  See 1998 Academic Interview B.




n316.  See Beijing Daxue Fal<um u> Xi Fun<um u> Fal<um u> Yanjiu Yu Fuwu
Zhongxin [Center for Women's Law Studies and Legal Services of Peking
University], He Yulan Deng Er Shi Er Wei Nu Nong Gong Su Huayi Chang Tuoqian
Gongzi An [The Case of Twenty-Two Women Workers from the Countryside Including
He Yulan Suing the Huayi Factory for Failing to Pay Salaries] [hereinafter The
Case of He Yulan] (1997) (unpublished report).




n317.  See id.




n318.  See id.




n319.  See He Yulan Deng Er Shi Er Ming Nunong Gong [Twenty-two Rural Women
Workers Including He Yulan], Zhongcai Shensu Shu [Application for Arbitration],
July 22, 1997, at 1-2.




n320.  See Beijing Daxue Fal<um u> Xi Fun<um u> Fal<um u> Yanjiu Yu Fuwu
Zhongxin [Center for Women's Law Studies and Legal Services of Peking
University], An Guohong Bufu Qu Jiaoyu Ju Citui Jueding Shenqing Zhongcai Bu Bei
Shouli An [The Case of an Appeal by An Guohong of a Denial of Her Application
for Arbitration Regarding Her Dismissal by the District Education Department]
(1997).




n321.  See id. The Center selected the case because it reflected broader social
and legal questions. See id.




n322.  See Guo Jianmei, Wei Shi Shulan Su Beijing Anfu Jingji Fazhan Zong Gongsi
Sunhai Peichang Yi An Shangsu Ren Daili Susong De Daili Ci [Statement on Behalf
of Shi Shulan by Her Representative in Appeal in Case Against the Beijing Anfu
Economic Development Company in Case Seeking Compensation for Harm], May 28,
1997.




n323.  See Beijing Daxue Fal<um u> Xi Fun<um u> Fal<um u> Yanjiu Yu Fuwu
Zhongxin [Center for Women's Law Studies and Legal Services of Peking
University], N<um u> Gaozhi Litui Nianling Wenti [Questions Regarding the
Retirement Age of Professional Women] [hereinafter Questions Regarding
Retirement Age] 1-4.




n324.  See Beijing Daxue Fal<um u> Xi Fun<um u> Fal<um u> Yanjiu Yu Fuwu
Zhongxin [Center for Women's Law Studies and Legal Services of Peking
University], Jiating Baoli Anjian [A Domestic Violence Case].




n325.  See 1997 Government Interview A (stating that for the time being, legal
aid should not be available to legal persons); see also Gong, supra note 8, at
20-21 (stating that current policy is that legal persons shall not be the
objects of legal aid, but it may be provided to them in response to a request by
local Communist Party or government leaders, or in accordance with the
particular circumstances of the legal person).




n326.  See Xiao, supra note 11, at 5. Xiao argues that providing legal
assistance to such enterprises will assist in ensuring social stability. See id.




n327.  See Mo et al., supra note 42, at 106; Sun, supra note 237.




n328.  See Mo et al., supra note 42, at 106.




n329.  See Zhengzhou Legal Aid Center, supra note 133, at 8.




n330.  See Deyang Provisions, supra note 281, at 143; see also Various Areas
Formulate Legal Aid Provisions, supra note 294, at 7-8 (reporting that
regulations in Harbin and Sichuan include state-owned enterprises as potential
recipients of legal aid).




n331.  See Wu, supra note 134. During the same period, the Center handled a
total of 27 pro bono cases. See id.




n332.  See 1996 Government Interview P.




n333.  See Yan Bendao, Wanshan Woguo Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhidu Zhi Guanjian [An
Opinion on Perfecting Our Nation's Legal Aid System], Fashang Yanjiu [Law and
Business Research], 1996, No. 5, at 77, 78.




n334.  See Chen, supra note 92, at 60. Chen also argues that the Lawyers Law
makes clear that natural persons, and not legal persons, are the appropriate
recipients of legal aid. See id. at 61.




n335.  See Jiangxi Sheng Sifating [Jiangxi Province Justice Bureau], Shixing
Fal<um u> Yuanzhu, Wuqiu Sifa Gongzheng [Implementing Legal Aid, Pursuing
Impartial Justice] [hereinafter Jiangxi Report] 6 (Oct. 30, 1996) (unpublished
paper on file with author).




n336.  See Mo et al., supra note 42, at 103.




n337.  See supra text accompanying notes 88-92.




n338.  The development of legal aid programs in urban areas has not been even:
programs have developed more rapidly in the most economically developed areas,
including Shanghai, Beijing, and Guangzhou. See Government Interview A.




n339.  For example, approximately half of the Peking University Center's clients
are from rural areas. See 1998 Lawyer Interview A.




n340.  See Gao Zhen & Liu Xiaolin, Ruozhe, Shei Lai Baohu Ni? [The Weak, Who
Will Protect You?], in Discussing a Legal Aid System with Special Chinese
Characteristics, supra note 11, at 92, 98.




n341.  See 1997 Government Interview A.




n342.  See Xue Jianping, Jianyi Jinkuai Zai Pinkun Diqu Jianli Fal<um u> Yuanzhu
Zhongxin [A Suggestion that Legal Aid Centers Rapidly Be Established in Poor
Regions], Zhongguo L<um u>shi Bao [China Lawyer News], Mar. 8, 1997, at 29.




n343.  See 1996 Government Interview L.




n344.  See Wu Jianzhong & Liu Hurui, Shanxi Sheng Shoujia Fal<um u> Yuanzhu
Zhongxin Guapai [The First Legal Aid Center in Shanxi Province Hangs Out Its
Sign], Zhongguo L<um u>shi Bao [China Lawyer News], Nov. 30, 1996, at 1; Wu
Jianzhong & Liu Hurui, Shanxi Shoujia Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhongxin Guapai [The
First Legal Aid Center in Shanxi Opens for Business], Fazhi Ribao [Legal Daily],
Nov. 15, 1996, at 2. The degree to which the work of such centers differs from
work previously carried out by local government law firms is unclear.




n345.  See Jiangxi Report, supra note 335, at 3. Most such services appear to
have been provided by local lawyers, notaries, and basic-level legal workers.




n346.  See 1997 Government Interview A.




n347.  See Liu Guiying & Wang Yunliang, Dui Woguo L<um u>shi Fal<um u> Yuanzhu
Youguan Wenti De Sikao [Some Thoughts on Questions Related to China's Lawyer
Legal Aid System], L<um u>shi Shijie [Lawyer World], 1996, No. 9, at 36, 37.




n348.  See Sun, supra note 237; Shi, supra note 96 , at 34.




n349.  See Alford, supra note 16, at 30.




n350.  See Xing Min, Jiceng Fal<um u> Fuwu Shenru Renxin [Primary Level Legal
Services Penetrate People's Hearts], Fazhi Ribao [Legal Daily], May 6, 1997.




n351.  Very little information is available about the services such centers
provide, and little Chinese or foreign scholarship has focused on their
activities. The role they are playing thus presents an intriguing topic for
further research.




n352.  Cf. Agriculture, Justice Ministries Instruct Lawyers to Serve Rural
Interests, BBC Summary of World Broadcasts, June 27, 1997, available in LEXIS,
New Library, BBCMIR File (reporting on a Ministry of Justice circular
instructing lawyers to increase work in rural areas); Guangdang Has Many Law
Firms, BBC Summary of World Broadcasts, June 13, 1995, available in LEXIS, News
Library, BBCMIR File (stating that lawyers in Guangdong are being encouraged to
open offices in rural areas). Statistics from 1995, when China had a total of
90,602 lawyers, provide a rough sense of the degree to which the development of
the legal profession has been uneven. See 1996 Zhongguo Sifa Xingzheng Nianjian
[China Yearbook of Judicial Administration] 483 (Zhongguo Sifa Xingzheng
Nianjian Bianji Weiyuanhui [China Yearbook of Judicial Administration Editiorial
Committee] ed., 1996). In 1995 the Ministry of Justice reported that there were
2625 lawyers in Beijing, 2197 lawyers in Tianjin, and 4295 in Shanghai. See id.
Yet there were only 7006 lawyers in Sichuan, despite the fact that Sichuan's
population is roughly 10 times the size of Shanghai's population. There were
only 677 lawyers in Qinghai, 529 lawyers in Ningxia, and 49 lawyers in Tibet.
See id.




n353.  See Note, supra note 42, at 1533 (noting that courts often suffer "from a
lack of resources").




n354.  See generally Peter H. Corne, Foreign Investment in China: The
Administrative Legal System 3334 (1997); Stanley B. Lubman, Introduction: The
Future of Chinese Law, in China's Legal Reforms 3, 12-14 (Stanley B. Lubman ed.,
1996).




n355.  See 1998 Academic Interview B; 1998 Academic Interview C. Such problems
are not unique to rural areas. Legal aid lawyers in urban areas similarly cite
the lack of competence of courts and procuratorates as the biggest problem they
face. See 1998 Lawyers Interview A.




n356.  See Gong, supra note 8, at 15. This observation is based on a recent
study by the High People's Court of Henan Province, which found that many courts
assigned excessive sentences on criminal defendants. See id.; The Ins and Outs
of the Development of China's Legal Aid System, supra note 8, at 36. Similarly,
local courts in Qingdao report that courts at least partially accepted the views
of defense lawyers in 36% of cases in which lawyers participated during the
first few months of the 1996 Strike Hard campaign, and that defense lawyers'
views had a major impact on the determination of the nature or seriousness of
the crime in 16 cases. See Liu Baodong, Qingdao L<um u>shi Xingbian Mang
[Qingdao Lawyers Are Busy with Criminal Defense Work], Zhongguo L<um u>shi Bao
[China Lawyer News], Sept. 7, 1996, at 1.




n357.  See Guangzhou Justice Bureau Research Group, supra note 101, at 76-77.
Ministry of Justice estimates state that in 1996, approximately 40% of criminal
defendants in China were represented by lawyers, but that in the first half of
1997 only 30% were represented by lawyers. See Gong, supra note 8, at 15;
Lawyers Committee for Human Rights, supra note 12, at 52 (stating that the
percentage of criminal defendants represented by lawyers increased from 36% to
40% between 1995 and 1996). But cf. Lawyers Committee for Human Rights, supra
note 24, at 36 (suggesting that with the increased number of lawyers in China in
the 1980s, "the number of lawyers available to act as defenders began to grow").
The discrepancy in reports may be due to regional differences, or to different
statistical sources. For example, statistics on the total number of criminal
cases generally are gathered by the Supreme People's Court, while the Ministry
of Justice gathers statistics on criminal matters handled by lawyers.
Additionally, statistics calculated by comparing the number of cases lawyers
report handling with the number of criminal cases tried in the courts likely
overstate the percentage of cases in which defendants are represented by lawyers
(as a single case may include multiple defendants) making the total number of
defendants prosecuted in Chinese courts higher than the total number of cases.
See Wang, supra note 36, at 532 (noting that in 1988 the total number of
defendants was 56,365 higher than the total number of cases, and thus that
statistics overstated the percentage of defendants represented by lawyers by
eight percent). Additionally, while lawyers calculate the total number of cases
handled with reference to individual defendants, statistics on the total number
of cases lawyers handle include appeals as well as first-instance cases. See
id.; see also id. at 533 (estimating that in local areas surveyed in the early
1990s, the percentage of criminal defendants represented by attorneys was less
than 30%).

   The number of cases in which courts appoint lawyers to represent criminal
defendants appears to have remained fairly constant. See, e.g., Zhongguo Fal<um
u> Nianjian Bianji Bu [Law Yearbook of China Editorial Department], Zhongguo
Fal<um u> Nianjian (1995) [Law Yearbook of China (1995)] 1079 (reporting that
lawyers handled 14,543 court-assigned criminal cases in 1994); Yearbook 1996,
supra note 247, at 975 (reporting that lawyers handled 14,991 court-assigned
criminal cases in 1995); Wang, supra note 36, at 532 (reporting that lawyers
handled 17,570 court-assigned criminal cases in 1989). This consistency is
striking given the gradual increase in the total number of criminal cases courts
have tried over the past five years. See Ren, supra note 311 (reporting that the
number of criminal cases tried in the people's courts increased at an average
annual rate of 0.75% between 1993 and 1997).




n358.  See, e.g., Xiao, supra note 11, at 3 (stating that legal aid is essential
to ensuring that criminal defendants are able to enjoy their legal rights); 1997
Government Interview A (stating that the Ministry of Justice recognizes the need
to develop legal aid in criminal cases).




n359.  See infra text accompanying notes 374-75 (discussing the criminal defense
work of the Guangzhou Legal Aid Center).




n360.  For a discussion of the Criminal Procedure Law, see supra text
accompanying notes 62 -65.




n361.  See Notice Regarding Legal Aid Work in Criminal Cases, supra note 78.
Other notices also provide for legal aid in criminal cases. The Ministry's 1997
Notice on legal aid states that it shall be available in the contexts specified
in the 1996 Criminal Procedure Law. See Ministry of Justice 1997 Notice, supra
note 75, at 4. The statement in the Ministry's 1997 Notice that legal aid should
be available to all persons who, due to economic hardship, are unable to afford
the cost of lawyers, also appears to include criminal cases. See id. at 3.




n362.  See Notice Regarding Legal Aid Work in Criminal Cases, supra note 78,
art. 1.




n363.  See id.




n364.  See id. art. 2. This provision parallels article 34 of the 1996 Criminal
Procedure Law. See 1996 Criminal Procedure Law, supra note 61, art. 34.




n365.  See Notice Regarding Legal Aid Work in Criminal Cases, supra note 78,
art. 3.




n366.  See id. art. 4.




n367.  See Zuigao Renmin Fayuan [Supreme People's Court], Guanyu Dier Shen
Renmin Fayuan Shenli Sixing Shangsu Anjian Beigao Ren Meiyou Weituo Bianhu Ren
De Shifou Ying Wei Qi Zhiding Bianhu Ren Wenti De Pifu [Reply Regarding the
Question of Whether a Defender Should Be Appointed in Death Sentence Appeals
Being Heard by People's Courts and in Which the Defendant Has Not Retained a
Defender], Nov. 6, 1997, reprinted in Gongjianfa L<um u>shi Zuixin Shiyong
Xingfa Xingsufa Sifa Jieshi Tonglan [Compendium of the Newest Judicial
Interpretations of Criminal and Criminal Procedure Law for Use by Lawyers in
Procuratorial Organs and People's Courts] 294 (Zhongguo Jiancha Chuban She
[China Procuratorial Publishing House] ed., 1998).

   Authorities in Guangdong have issued their own notice regarding the provision
of legal assistance in appeals of death sentences. See Guangdong Sheng Chutai
Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Yewu Dangan, Ershen Sixing Anjian Zhiding Bianhu Youguan
Guiding [Guangdong Province Issues Regulations Regarding the Files of Legal Aid
Work and the Appointment of Defenders in Death Sentence Appeals], Ministry of
Justice News of Work on Legal Aid, supra note 5, No. 1, Mar. 12, 1998, at 5-6.
The Guangdong regulation states that courts shall appoint defenders to represent
defendants in appeals of death sentences, and that, where they exist, legal aid
centers shall be responsible for providing or assigning lawyers to handle such
cases. See id.




n368.  See Notice Regarding Legal Aid Work in Criminal Cases, supra note 78,
art. 5. Article 5 of the notice follows article 151 of the 1996 Criminal
Procedure Law, which provides for courts to inform defendants of an upcoming
trial 10 days in advance of the trial. Article 151 also states that where a
court-appointed lawyer is necessary, the court shall appoint the lawyer to the
case no fewer than 10 days in advance of trial. See 1996 Criminal Procedure Law,
supra note 61, art. 151; see also Lawyers Committee for Human Rights, supra note
24, at 57 (arguing that article 151 "will have a serious negative impact on the
internationally-recognized right to receive adequate time for the preparation of
one's defense").

   The court is also required to give the legal aid provider evidence of the
defendant's income or clarification of the reasons the defendant satisfies the
eligibility provisions of the 1996 Criminal Procedure Law or the notice. The
legal aid provider must assume representation within three days of receiving
notice of the case. See Notice Regarding Legal Aid Work in Criminal Cases, supra
note 78, arts. 2-4. The client must consent to representation. See id. art. 6.
The notice also instructs the court to assist the lawyer by providing materials
relevant to the case and an opportunity to meet with the defendant. See id. art.
7.




n369.  The notice's failure to provide for the involvement of legal aid lawyers
prior to the trial stage parallels the provisions of the 1996 Criminal Procedure
Law. See Lawyers Committee for Human Rights, supra note 24, at 42 (stating that
"despite allowing lawyers to participate earlier in the criminal process, the
revised [Criminal Procedure Law] still has no procedure for appointment of
counsel prior to the trial stage"); cf. id. at 57 (stating that under the
revised Criminal Procedure Law, "where defendants entitled to appointed counsel
- including those facing the death penalty - have not engaged at an earlier
stage, their court-assigned counsel will face the near-impossible task
of...preparing for trial in the course of a few short days").

   A 1998 interpretation of the Criminal Procedure Law may slightly expand
opportunities for defendants to obtain counsel prior to the trial stage. The
interpretation requires investigating authorities to notify lawyers or law firms
in a timely fashion of a request by a defendant, or a defendant's family member,
to retain the lawyer or law firm. See Zui Gao Renmin Fayuan, Zuigao Renmin
Jianchayuan, Gongan Bu, Guojia Anquan Bu, Sifa Bu, Quanguo Renda Changwei Hui
Fazhi Gongzuo Weiyuan Hui [Supreme People's Court, Supreme People's
Procuratorate, Ministry of Public Security, Ministry of State Security, Ministry
of Justice, National People's Congress Standing Committee Legislative Affairs
Commission], Guanyu Xingshi Susong Fa Shishi Zhong Ruogan Wenti De Guiding
[Regulations Regarding Several Issues in the Implementation of the Criminal
Procedure Law] [hereinafter Regulations Regarding Implementation of the Criminal
Procedure Law], Jan. 19, 1998, reprinted in Renmin Ribao [People's Daily], Jan.
21, 1998, art. 10, at 3. In addition, the interpretation states that if a
defendant requests a lawyer without naming a specific lawyer, the investigating
authorities must instruct the local lawyers' association or justice bureau to
recommend one. See id.

   Under the 1979 Criminal Procedure Law, the right to counsel only applied
during the trial stage, and courts were not required to assign a defender or
inform defendants of their rights to retain a defender until seven days prior to
trial. See 1979 Criminal Procedure Law, supra note 33, art. 110; Lawyers
Committee for Human Rights, supra note 24, at 36.




n370.  Ministry of Justice officials state that the ministry is encouraging
other cities to follow Guangzhou's example. See 1997 Government Interview A.
Other cities appear to have plans to expand criminal defense work by legal aid
centers. In Tianjin, for example, the local justice bureau and municipal high
court issued a notice stating that all criminal cases in which the court found
appointment of a lawyer to be necessary should be assigned to the local legal
aid center or, where no such center exists, to the local justice bureau. See
Tianjin Shi Fabu "Guanyu Xingshi Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Gongzuo De Lianhe Tongzhi"
[Tianjin Municipality Issues "Joint Notice Regarding Criminal Legal Aid Work"],
Ministry of Justice News of Work on Legal Aid, supra note 5 , No. 1, Mar. 12,
1998, at 6-7. Courts are required to pay legal aid lawyers 200 yuan per case.
See id. at 7.

   Similarly, in 1996, the Shanghai Pudong Legal Aid Center announced plans to
coordinate all criminal legal aid work in Pudong. Under the plan, local courts
will refer all criminal cases in which a defense lawyer is required or needed to
the legal aid center, which would then refer the case to a local law firm. See
Wang Wenliang, Pudong Jizhong Shouli Zhiding Bianhu [Pudong to Collectively
Manage the Assignment of Defenders], Zhongguo L<um u>shi Bao [China Lawyer
News], Sept. 7, 1996, at 1; Pudong Justice Bureau, supra note 137, at 11. The
Pudong Legal Aid Center reported that in 1997, lawyers in Pudong handled 195
criminal cases assigned to them by the local courts - four times the number
handled in the previous year. See Pudong Legal Aid Center Work Has Results,
supra note 143. However, Pudong has not taken steps to develop specialized legal
aid workers.

   In some other areas, local justice bureaus state that the local legal aid
center is responsible for organizing representation in criminal cases in which
courts assign counsel. See, e.g., Wuhan Shi Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhongxin [Wuhan
Municipality Legal Aid Center], Wuhan Shi Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhongxin Jianjie [A
Brief Introduction to the Wuhan Municipal Legal Aid Center], Apr. 1997, at 1, 1;
see also Xining Shi Sifaju Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhongxin Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Shixing
Banfa [Xining Municipality Justice Bureau Legal Aid Center Provisions on Legal
Aid for Trial Implementation] art. 3, in Discussing a Legal Aid System with
Special Chinese Characteristics, supra note 11, at 146 (stating that the local
legal aid center shall be responsible for criminal cases).

   A recent report by the Ministry of Justice's Legal Aid Center hails the
development of legal aid in criminal cases, citing numerous cities in which
legal aid workers have begun to undertake a significant volume of criminal
defense work. See June 1998 Report, supra note 5, at 2. For example, the report
states that prior to the establishment of a legal aid center in Foshan City,
Guangdong Province, courts appointed lawyers in only 30% of cases in which
defendants were entitled to representation, but since the Center has been
established, lawyers have represented 100% of eligible defendants. See id.




n371.  The Ministry of Justice has recognized the need to strengthen the quality
of criminal defense work, issuing a decision in 1996 that, inter alia, orders
local justice bureaus to increase training of lawyers engaged in criminal
defense work and orders lawyers not to overlook their responsibility to take
such cases. See Sun Jibin, Sifa Bu Yaoqiu Jin Yibu Jiaqiang Xingbian Gongzuo
[Ministry of Justice Requires Further Strengthening of Criminal Defense Work],
Zhongguo L<um u>shi Bao [China Lawyer News], Oct. 16, 1996, at 1.




n372.  See Zhao, supra note 285, at 2. As a solution, Zhao advocates assigning
responsibility for determining whether a defendant is in economic difficulty to
the local legal aid center. See id. One explanation for courts' reluctance to
expand the scope of cases in which they assign attorneys may be uncertainty as
to whether courts continue to be responsible for paying lawyers in such cases.




n373.  For example, one Beijing lawyer reported handling 110 court-appointed
cases during the 1996 Strike Hard campaign. See Sun Jibin, Xingbian Fayuan Jun
Ba Touchou [Number One in Both Criminal Defense and Legal Aid], Zhongguo L<um
u>shi Bao [China Lawyer News], Jan. 22, 1997, at 1.

   Like lawyers at the Guangzhou Center, court-appointed lawyers in other
regions in China were busy during the 1996 Strike Hard campaign. However, legal
aid centers were not involved in such cases. Thus, for example, law firms in
Qingdao undertook more than 300 court-appointed criminal cases in the first few
months of the campaign, an increase of 119% over the same period in the previous
year. See Liu, supra note 356, at 1. Lawyers represented defendants in 47% of
all cases during the period. See id.




n374.  See 1996 Criminal Procedure Law, supra note 61, art. 20. The scope of
cases in which defendants in Guangzhou receive legal aid is thus wider than that
in the 1996 Criminal Procedure Law, which does not mandate the provision of
counsel to defendants facing life imprisonment. See supra text accompanying
notes 63-64 (describing the 1996 Criminal Procedure Law). It is unclear whether
the Guangzhou Center has represented defendants charged with
counter-revolutionary crimes or violations of state security.




n375.  See 1996 Government Interview Q. More than half of the defendants the
Center represents come from outside Guangdong. See id. Debates in the civil
context over whether legal aid should be limited to residents of the area served
by the local legal aid bureau do not appear to have surfaced in the criminal
context. Other cities have similarly made clear that legal aid in criminal cases
shall be available regardless of the defendant's place of residence. See, e.g.,
Zhengzhou Legal Aid Center, supra note 133, at 7; see also Report on Legal Aid
in Shanghai, supra note 144, at 4 (stating that one Shanghai law firm whose
caseload consists almost entirely of court-appointed criminal cases reported in
1995 that 81.2% of its clients were migrant workers).




n376.  See 1996 Government Interview Q. Prior to 1995, courts would assign a
firm to be responsible for all of the criminal cases before the court for a
one-month period; this meant that a law firm might be involved in criminal
defense work only once every few years. See 1996 Government Interview Q.




n377.  One lawyer at the Guangzhou Center noted that, although there is nothing
unique about the fact that criminal defendants are represented by counsel, the
Center is unique in the quality of assistance it provides. See id.




n378.  See id. This was true even before the 1996 revisions to the Criminal
Procedure Law extended the mandatory notice period from seven to 10 days. See
id. However, in special circumstances, the Center handles cases in which its
lawyers are given less time - usually between five and seven days - to prepare.
See id.




n379.  See Guangzhou 1997 Report, supra note 113, at 5. In addition to accepting
cases from the Guangzhou Intermediate People's Court, the Center accepts cases
from the Guangdong Provincial High People's Court. See 1996 Government Interview
Q.




n380.  See Guangzhou 1997 Report, supra note 113, at 5. Five of the lawyers came
from the Center; the remainder came from local law firms. See 1996 Government
Interview Q. The defendants were convicted of stealing 18 cars and killing 17
drivers. See 1996 Government Interview Q.




n381.  See 1996 Government Interview Q. The gang that committed the murders
consisted of women and men. One of the women would stop drivers and ask for a
ride; once at their destination, she would invite the driver inside for tea. The
men in the gang were waiting inside and would kill the driver. The woman whose
sentence was reduced had arrived in Shenzhen to visit her sister on the day of
the murder, and claimed to have been unaware of what was going on when she
joined her sister in obtaining a ride from one of the victims. See id.




n382.  See Guangzhou 1997 Report, supra note 113, at 5; 1996 Government
Interview Q. In most such cases, lawyers succeeded by arguing that the
prosecution had failed to produce sufficient evidence to prove its case. See
1996 Government Interview Q.

   Lawyers at the Center acknowledge that it is difficult to measure the
effectiveness of their efforts. The Shenzhen case was the only case in which the
Center's lawyers represented defendants in an appeal of a death sentence. See
1996 Government Interview Q.




n383.  See 1996 Government Interview R. The case was complicated by the fact
that the defendant had obtained fake identity papers misrepresenting his age in
order to obtain work. See id.




n384.  Courts found defendants not guilty in only 0.43% of the 2,437,426
criminal cases tried in China between 1993 and 1997. See Ren, supra note 311. In
an additional 1.42% of cases, courts did not impose any criminal sanction. See
id. Yet, as Jonathan Hecht writes, given that under the 1979 Criminal Procedure
Law courts were only to proceed with trials once the facts of the case had been
established, "what is surprising is not that virtually all criminal trials
resulted in convictions, but that there were any acquittals at all." Lawyers
Committee for Human Rights, supra note 24, at 51. The 1996 revisions to the
Criminal Procedure Law substantially revise trial court procedures. See id. at
55-56.

   Despite these successes, lawyers also apparently face significant skepticism
from clients. One Guangzhou Legal Aid Center attorney writes that, when
representing defendants accused of serious crimes, it is a major challenge to
convince them that legal representation will serve any useful purpose. See Li,
supra note 299, at 192; see also 1996 Government Interview Q (stating that
significant energy is often required to convince defendants in criminal cases
that mounting a defense may be of use).




n385.  See Li, supra note 299, at 192.




n386.  See Guangzhou 1997 Report, supra note 113, at 6-7; see also Zhao & Zhang,
supra note 113, at 2.




n387.  See Li, supra note 299, at 192; Li Xiaoling, L<um u>shi Zuohao Bianhu
Gongzuo, Cushi Beigao Renzui Fufa [Lawyers Do a Good Job at Defense Work,
Encourage Defendants to Admit Their Crimes and Follow the Law], at 1-3 (1996),




n388.  See Zhao & Zhang, supra note 113, at 1. The Center reported that it
handled all cases during the Strike Hard campaign in which the Guangzhou
Intermediate People's Court or the Guangdong Province High People's Court
determined defendants were entitled to court-appointed counsel. See id. at 2.
Lawyers met with the accused at least once before trial; the Center also
instructed its lawyers to review case files twice before trial. See id. at 1.




n389.  The trial in the case was broadcast live on Guangzhou television. See id.




n390.  See id.




n391.  See id.




n392.  See Li, supra note 299, at 192.




n393.  There is little indication that the new Criminal Procedure Law has
resulted in any decline in the percentage of persons who are convicted. The
total number of persons sentenced for crimes increased by 30% from 1997 to 1998,
and the president of the Supreme People's Court has stated that fighting crime
continues to be a key focus of the courts. See Zuigo Renmin Fayuan Yuanzhang
Xiao Yang Zai Jiujie Renda Erci Huiyi Shang De Baogao [Report of Supreme
People's Court President Xiao Yang at the Second Session of the Ninth National
People's Congress], Renmin Ribao [People's Daily], Mar. 11, 1999, at 3.




n394.  See 1996 Government Interview Q; 1996 Government Interview R.




n395.  I am grateful to Jonathan Hecht for suggesting this point to me.




n396.  See Explanatory Notes on 16-Year-Old Criminal Law Changes Issued, BBC
Summary of World Broadcasts, Feb. 23, 1998, FE/D3158/G, available in LEXIS, News
Library, BBCMIR File (reporting that some judicial workers had prevented lawyers
from meeting with clients); see also Regulations Regarding Implementation of the
Criminal Procedure Law, supra note 369, art. 11 (stating that except in cases
involving state secrets, lawyers are not required to obtain approval prior to
meeting with criminal suspects); id. art. 9 (stating that investigating
authorities shall not claim that a case involves state secrets simply in order
to keep from revealing information regarding the case).




n397.  The relationship between the legal aid center and Guangzhou prosecutors
is unclear. Tensions that have surfaced elsewhere in China between defense
lawyers and prosecutors stem in part from provisions in the 1996 Criminal
Procedure Law permitting lawyers access to their clients and clients' files
prior to the trial phase. Such tensions may not be evident in Guangzhou, or with
legal aid attorneys generally, because legal aid lawyers are not assigned cases
until the trial stage.




n398.  See 1998 Government Interview D; 1998 Academic Interview C. Nevertheless,
although courts may be more willing to assign lawyers to criminal defendants,
courts continue to fail to assign lawyers in many cases, even where they are
required to do so by law. See 1998 Academic Interview C. Moreover, although
courts are apparently enthusiastic about shifting costs to legal aid centers,
courts believe that they, and not the centers, should be making final decisions
about the eligibility of defendants for legal aid. See id.




n399.  See 1998 Academic Interview B; 1998 Academic Interview C; cf. supra text
accompanying notes 380-82 (discussing Guangzhou Center lawyers' practice of
encouraging criminal defendants to admit their crimes).




n400.  See 1998 Academic Interview C.




n401.  Chinese lawyers are not unique in struggling to determine how best to
balance obligations to clients with duties to society. Cf. Austin Sarat & Stuart
Scheingold, Cause Lawyering and the Reproduction of Professional Authority, in
Cause Lawyering 3, 4 (Austin Sarat & Stuart Scheingold eds., 1998) ("In many
nations the profession regularly represents itself as serving equally and
concurrently the public interest and the interests of individual clients without
adequately acknowledging the tension between these two conceptions of
professional responsibility."). However, Chinese lawyers confront this dilemma
from a different historical background than do lawyers in many other countries;
until recently, their first obligation was unambiguously to society rather than
to clients.




n402.  See Lawyers Law, supra note 60, art. 3.




n403.  See Xianfa [Constitution] (1982), preamble.




n404.  See Lawyers Committee for Human Rights, supra note 12, at 50-51
(discussing the relationship of lawyers to the state under the Lawyers Law).




n405.  See supra text accompanying notes 66-70.




n406.  See Ministry of Justice 1997 Notice, supra note 75, at 8.




n407.  See id.; see also Gong, supra note 109, at 42 (stating that lawyers
should be required to perform a specified volume of legal aid work); Gong, supra
note 8, at 26 (arguing that requirements for mandatory service should not affect
lawyers' income or standard of living, and suggesting that, in accordance with
local circumstances, lawyers should be required to undertake one to three pro
bono cases per year).




n408.  See Pudong Plan, supra note 141, art. 7. Pudong officials state, however,
that the Pudong Legal Aid Center refers cases to law firms, not individuals, and
thus it is difficult to ensure that all lawyers comply with the requirement. See
1996 Academic Interview P.




n409.  See, e.g., Jin, supra note 208 (discussing Dalian). In Hangzhou, lawyers
are required to handle a fixed number of legal aid cases each year, and to
participate in various activities the local justice bureau organizes to boost
legal consciousness. See Zhang Guoqiang, Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Guanli Chutan
[Initial Thoughts on the Management of Legal Aid], Zhongguo L<um u>shi Bao
[China Lawyer News], Nov. 16, 1996, at 3.




n410.  See Jiangsu Provisions, supra note 271, art. 4.




n411.  See id. art. 6. The regulations also provide that those denied legal aid
may appeal to the appropriate justice bureau or lawyers' association. See id.




n412.  See Guangzhou Provisions, supra note 267, art. 18.




n413.  See id. art. 19.




n414.  See Beijing Shi Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Jijinhui Jijin Guanli Banfa [Beijing
Municipality Legal Aid Foundation Provisions on Fund Management], art. 7, in
Discussing a Legal Aid System with Special Chinese Characteristics, supra note
11, at 161, 162.




n415.  See, e.g., Zhuzhou Shi Nanqu L<um u>shi Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhongxin
Yuanzhu Jijin Guanli Banfa [Zhuzhou Municipality South District Lawyers' Legal
Aid Center Provisions on the Management of Legal Aid Funds] [hereinafter Zhuzhou
Provisions], art. 9, in Discussing a Legal Aid System with Special Chinese
Characteristics, supra note 11, at 168, 169 (stating that lawyers may apply for
compensation for legal aid work they perform and setting appropriate rates for
such compensation).




n416.  See 1996 Government Interview P.




n417.  See id. However, Pudong officials also state that they plan to establish
a legal aid fund to cover extraordinary expenses firms incur in the course of
legal aid work. See id.




n418.  In Zhuzhou, for example, lawyers are entitled to receive from 50 to 100
yuan per local case, and from 100 to 150 per case outside of Zhuzhou. See
Zhuzhou Provisions art. 9, supra note 415.




n419.  It is unclear whether lawyers undertaking criminal cases as part of their
obligation to engage in legal aid still receive the standard fixed payments from
the courts in such cases. The fees, if any, are likely to be low: as of 1996,
lawyers in Shanghai received 150 yuan per criminal case, while lawyers in
Lanzhou received between 10 and 50 yuan. See Gu, supra note 52, at 7.




n420.  See Liu & Wang, supra note 347, at 36.




n421.  See Guangzhou Justice Bureau Research Group, supra note 101, at 87. This
statement suggests that the Guangzhou Justice Bureau may be interpreting the
broad language of Guangzhou's legal aid regulations to mean that lawyers must
handle a minimum of one case per year.




n422.  Commentators argue that although the Lawyers Law formally establishes a
legal aid system, it does so only in principle. See Yan, supra note 333, at 78.




n423.  See, e.g., 1996 Lawyer Interview E. One lawyer in a city with a mandatory
pro bono requirement stated that there is immense dislike of the pro bono
requirement among lawyers and that law firms tend either to assign their least
competent lawyers to handle legal aid work or to rely on retired or older
lawyers who are not busy. See 1996 Lawyer Interview G; see also Sun, supra note
237 (stating that many lawyers avoid legal aid cases in favor of profit-making
cases); China: Free Aid Helps Poor Win Justice, supra note 164 (reporting that
many Beijing lawyers refused to answer a reporter's questions regarding legal
aid).




n424.  See Sun, Part Two, supra note 81.




n425.  See Ministry of Justice 1997 Notice, supra note 75, at 8.




n426.  See Gu, supra note 52, at 6.




n427.  The degree of independence that China's lawyers enjoy may also be
reflected in the evolving role of the All-China Lawyer's Association.
Established in 1986, the association has emphasized the need for China's lawyers
to focus on their responsibility to serve society and on the need to construct a
self-regulating profession. See Shenhua L<um u>shi Gongzuo Gaige Jiaqiang L<um
u>shi Xiehui Jianshe Jiakuai Jianli Xin De L<um u>shi Guanli Tizh-Zhonghua
Quanguo L<um u>shi Xiehui Fuze Ren Da Jizhe Wen [Deepen Reform of Lawyers' Work,
Strengthen the Construction of Lawyers' Associations, Speed Up the Establishment
of a New System for Managing Lawyers - Official of the All-China Lawyer's
Association Responds to Reporter's Questions] 6 (unpublished transcript of press
conference held July 15, 1996, on file with author). A number of provincial and
local lawyers' associations were established in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
See Lawyers Committee for Human Rights, supra note 12, at 56. Although lawyers'
associations are beginning to develop roles that are distinct from those of the
Ministry of Justice and local justice bureaus, see 1998 Academic Interview B;
1998 Academic Interview C, lawyers' associations maintain close links to the
Ministry of Justice or provincial or local justice bureaus, and the Ministry of
Justice controls admission to the bar and is responsible for overseeing
compliance with ethical standards, see Lawyers Committee for Human Rights, supra
note 12, at 57-58.




n428.  See 1998 Government Interview B.




n429.  See 1998 Lawyer Interview C; 1998 Lawyer Interview D.




n430.  See 1998 Lawyer Interview C; 1998 Lawyer Interview D. Regulations also
apparently require each law firm to have a minimum of 80 square meters of office
space, thus putting further financial pressure on law firms. See 1998 Lawyer
Interview C.




n431.  See 1998 Lawyer Interview C; 1998 Lawyer Interview D.




n432.  See, e.g., Sun, Part Two, supra note 81 (criticizing the Wuhan and
Zhengzhou models for relying wholly on lawyers and law firms, and thus lacking
sufficient government involvement in legal aid, and praising Guangzhou's legal
aid center for following the international model of having a government body
exclusively dedicated to legal aid work); see also Gong, supra note 109, at 46
(stating that other Chinese cities should follow the Guangzhou model).




n433.  See Mo et al., supra note 42, at 103.




n434.  See 1996 Government Interview L.




n435.  The Ministry of Justice's 1997 Notice states that funding for legal aid
programs shall come from government appropriations, from donations from society,
and from a percentage of the annual business income of lawyers, notaries, and
basic-level legal workers. See Ministry of Justice 1997 Notice, supra note 75,
at 9-10. The Notice does not provide any indication of the amounts expected to
come from each source.




n436.  See Gong, supra note 8, at 28.




n437.  See Zhongguo Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Jijinhui Jianjie [An Introduction to the
China Legal Aid Foundation] [hereinafter An Introduction to the China Legal Aid
Foundation], Ministry of Justice News of Work on Legal Aid, supra note 5, No. 1,
June 16, 1997, at 6, 6; National Legal Aid Foundation Established, Xinhua News
Agency, May 26, 1997, available in LEXIS, World Library, ALLWLD File.




n438.  See An Introduction to the China Legal Aid Foundation, supra note 437, at
6.




n439.  See id.




n440.  See id. at 6-7.




n441.  See Zheng, supra note 130, at 202; Qingdao Legal Aid Center Summary,
supra note 131, at 2; 1996 Government Interview Q. The Qingdao Center also
receives funds from the United Nations, see infra text accompanying notes
462-63, as well as from local law firms and enterprises, see 1997 Academic
Interview D. The Jilin Legal Aid Center received 100,000 yuan from the Jilin
municipal government to cover start-up costs. See Liu, Zhang, & Li, supra note
132.




n442.  See BJB 1997 Report, supra note 152. Such funds appear to have come from
a variety of sources, including the local government and contributions from law
firms.




n443.  See 1996 Government Interview L; cf. Guangzhou Justice Bureau
Introduction, supra note 107, at 4 (noting that Guangzhou's status as the most
economically developed city in China made establishing a legal aid center
possible).




n444.  See Report on Legal Aid in Shanghai, supra note 144, at 11.




n445.  See id.




n446.  See Gao & Liu, supra note 340, at 96.




n447.  See id. at 96-97.




n448.  See Zhengzhou Shi L<um u>shi Shiwusuo Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Guiding (Shixing)
[Zhengzhou Municipality Regulations on Legal Aid by Law Firms (for Trial
Implementation)] art. 14, in Discussing a Legal Aid System with Special Chinese
Characteristics, supra note 11, at 138, 139.




n449.  See id. arts. 12-13, at 139; see also Zhengzhou Legal Aid Center, supra
note 133, at 1 (stating that firms must contribute two percent of their annual
business income to legal aid funds). As of 1996, a total of more than 100,000
yuan had been contributed to such funds. See id. One report estimates that such
annual contributions range from 1000 yuan to 5000 yuan. See Sun, Part Two, supra
note 81. The Center also receives contributions from individuals and groups. See
id. Funds collected from lawyers are used to cover litigation costs. See id.




n450.  See Jiangsu Provisions art. 9, supra note 271, at 117. Jilin maintains
similar requirements, with each county-level law firm required to maintain a
3000-yuan fund to support legal aid work and each municipal-level law firm
required to maintain a 5000-yuan fund. See Lawyers Provide Free Legal
Assistance, supra note 233. In addition, in 1997 Jilin began requiring each law
firm to contribute 0.5% of its income to the Jilin Legal Aid Center. See Liu
Aiju & Dong Huimin, Guilin Fayuan Zhongxin Huo Caizheng Shuxue [Jilin Legal Aid
Center Receives Financial Support], Zhongguo L<um u>shi Bao [China Lawyer News],
Apr. 23, 1997, at 1.




n451.  See Jiangsu Provisions arts. 9(2), 9(3), supra note 271, at 117. Legal
aid funds are also to be supported by government appropriations and by
contributions. See id. If law firms have exhausted their legal aid funds, they
may apply to the local lawyers' association or justice bureau legal aid funds
for money to cover the costs of additional pro bono work. See id. art. 10. In
addition, the justice bureau and lawyers' association in each locality in
Jiangsu are required jointly to establish a legal aid center to manage and
monitor legal aid work by local lawyers. See id. art. 11. Nantong similarly
requires law firms to contribute one percent of their annual income to legal aid
funds. See Nantong Shi L<um u>shi Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Banfa [Nantong Municipality
Provisions on Legal Aid by Lawyers] art. 13, in Discussing a Legal Aid System
with Special Chinese Characteristics, supra note 11, at 140.




n452.  See, e.g., Li & Wang, supra note 86, at 35 (arguing that lawyers should
be required to contribute a certain amount each year).

   In Wuhan, the local lawyers' association has committed 10% of its funds to
legal aid; additional sources are donations to the local legal aid fund and
legal aid funds established within each law firm. See Sun, Part Two, supra note
81; Wuhan Provisions art. 6, supra note 292. Guangzhou's regulations provide for
funds for legal aid to come in part from an unspecified amount to be collected
annually from local lawyers' organizations and in part from domestic and foreign
contributors. See Guangzhou Provisions art. 24, supra note 267.




n453.  See also infra text accompanying notes 511-13 (discussing the lack of
ethical standards in the Chinese legal profession).




n454.  See Guangzhou Provisions art. 24, supra note 267.




n455.  See Li & Wang, supra note 86, at 36; Mo et al., supra note 42, at 103;
Yan, supra note 333, at 79; Zheng, supra note 276, at 48; see also Shi, supra
note 96, at 36-37 (arguing that such donations will increase as society becomes
wealthier).

   Additional sources of funding have also been advocated. The Ministry of
Justice's 1997 Notice states that recipients of legal aid who derive large
benefits from cases brought by legal aid centers on their behalf should pay the
centers for such services. See Ministry of Justice 1997 Notice, supra note 75,
at 4; see also Liu & Wang, supra note 347, at 37 (arguing that recipients of
legal aid should be required to pay for the services they receive if their case
is successful). Others have suggested using official labor union funds to
support legal aid for workers in state-owned enterprises. See Mo et al., supra
note 42, at 108; Tao, supra note 11, at 27.

   Other suggestions for funding have included allowing legal aid centers to
handle non-legal aid cases and to use the profit from such cases to support
legal aid cases. See Gao, supra note 5, at 12. The Ministry of Justice has
prohibited legal aid centers from handling for-profit cases, arguing that such
cases would interfere with legal aid work. See id. However, it appears that some
centers do use for-profit cases to support legal aid work. See, e.g., Liu &
Dong, supra note 450 (reporting that the Guilin Legal Aid Center will derive
funding from for-profit cases, as well as from contributions and the
government); supra text accompanying note 181 (discussing the legal aid program
in Qinglong County).




n456.  The best known such effort is "Project Hope." The All-China Youth
Federation's China Youth Development Foundation established Project Hope in 1989
to raise money to fund education in poor rural areas. See B. Michael Frolic,
State-Led Civil Society, in Civil Society in China 46, 60-61 (Timothy Brook & B.
Michael Frolic eds., 1997); see also China News Analysis, No. 1495, Oct. 15,
1993.




n457.  Cf. Frolic, supra note 456, at 61 ("As the state withdraws in favor of
the market, Chinese authorities hope that private sources can take over.").




n458.  Cf. id. at 60-61 (noting that Project Hope "serves an urgent need that
the Chinese state seems unable or unwilling to meet").




n459.  See Ministry of Justice 1997 Notice, supra note 75, at 9.




n460.  See Ian Johnson, China Puts Clamp on Foreign Funds for Social Research,
Wall St. J., Apr. 16, 1997, at A14. The restrictions were targeted at funding of
academic research. See id.; see also Kathy Chen, China Pulls in Reins Loosened
by Reform, Wall St. J., Jan. 29, 1997, at A6 (reporting that "the Communist
Party's propaganda chiefs have quietly imposed a stringent new policy on the use
of funds from overseas foundations such as the Ford Foundation").




n461.  In addition, one report states that a Chinese law firm has also received
funding from the United Nations to support legal aid for women. See Sun, Part
Two, supra note 81. It is unclear whether the firm is a state-run law firm.




n462.  See China: UNDP to Aid China in Poverty Eradication, China Daily, Mar.
28, 1997, at 2; Zhang, supra note 234.




n463.  See Zhang, supra note 234. The Qingdao Center also received contributions
from 32 local law firms and several enterprises. See Zhang Yujie, Qingdao Fal<um
u> Yuanzhu Zhongxin Chengli [Qingdao Legal Aid Center is Established], Zhongguo
L<um u>shi Bao [China Lawyer News], Nov. 30, 1996, at 1.




n464.  See Johnson, supra note 460.




n465.  See id.




n466.  In particular, Secretary of State Madeleine Albright visited the Pudong
Legal Aid Center, and both Albright and Hillary Rodham Clinton visited the
Peking University Center. See Remarks of U.S. Secretary of State Madeline K.
Albright, Roundtable Discussion at Pudong Legal Assistance Center, Pudong
University, June 30, 1998, available at
http://secretary.state.gov/www/statements/1998/980630d.html (visited May 30,
1999); First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton and Secretary of State Madeline K.
Albright, Peking University Women's Legal Research Center, June 29, 1998,
available at http://seretary.state.gov/www/statements/1998/980629.html (visited
May 30, 1999) [hereinafter Albright Remarks].




n467.  See 1997 Government Official Interview A. Some exchanges have already
occurred. In January 1998, four foreign experts on legal aid attended a national
training conference for legal aid workers in Beijing. See Di Yiqi Quanguo Fal<um
u> Yuanzhu Renyuan Peixun Ban Zai Beijing Juxing [First National Legal Aid
Personnel Training Course is Held in Beijing], Ministry of Justice News of Work
on Legal Aid, supra note 5, No. 1, Mar. 12, 1998, at 2.




n468.  See 1998 Academic Interview C.




n469.  See BJB 1997 Report, supra note 152.




n470.  In contrast, numerous commentators argue that the government has an
obligation to provide at least a portion of the funds needed to support legal
aid programs. See Li & Wang, supra note 86, at 36; Ju, supra note 255; Mo et
al., supra note 42, at 103; Wang, supra note 92, at 14; Yan, supra note 333, at
79; Zheng, supra note 276, at 48. However, commentators also recognize that
government funds will be limited and advocate seeking other sources. See, e.g.,
Zheng, supra note 276, at 48 (suggesting contributions from recipients of legal
aid whose claims have prevailed, establishing legal aid funds, and using a
portion of annual fees paid by lawyers to the local lawyers' association); Jin,
supra note 208 (suggesting establishing legal aid funds and using a portion of
annual fees paid by lawyers to the local lawyers' association).




n471.  See, e.g., Gong, supra note 109, at 42; Guangzhou Justice Bureau Research
Group, supra note 101, at 71; see also Li Bensen, Guanyu Fal<um u> Yuanzhu Zhidu
Renshi Shang De Jige Wuqu [Some Mistakes in the Understanding of the Legal Aid
System], Zhongguo L<um u>shi Bao [China Lawyer News], Jan. 11, 1997, at 3
(arguing that one of the biggest misunderstandings of legal aid is the belief
that legal aid is an action of lawyers, and declaring that lawyers providing
legal aid are merely carrying out an action of the state).




n472.  See Gong & Gao, supra note 251, at 13; Gong, supra note 97, at 5.




n473.  See Gong, supra note 97, at 4-6.




n474.  See Ministry of Justice 1997 Notice, supra note 75, at 3.




n475.  See Guangzhou Provisions art. 5, supra note 267.




n476.  See 1996 Government Interview Q.




n477.  See 1996 Government Interview L; see also Gong, supra note 8, at 20
(stating that organizations other than local justice bureaus - including
university law departments, labor unions, women's associations, and other social
organizations - should be encouraged to develop legal aid programs, but that
such programs should be managed by the appropriate justice bureau or
department).




n478.  See Shi, supra note 96, at 30-33.




n479.  See Peking University Center Introduction, supra note 212, at 3.




n480.  Cf. Yunqiu Zhang, From State Corporatism to Social Representation: Local
Trade Unions in the Reform Years, in Civil Society in China, supra note 456, at
124, 145 ("The nongovermental social organizations that have emerged in China
through the reform years are fragile and still vulnerable to state power.").




n481.  See Kathy Chen, China's Alternative Voices Grow Louder, Wall St. J., Aug.
29, 1995, at A10 (stating that non-governmental organizations are increasingly
"tackling problems the government doesn't have the resources to handle, and
drawing attention to new issues").




n482.  See id. (stating that all non-governmental organizations in China "must
have a sponsoring ministry or department" and noting that non-governmental
organizations "find it difficult to wean themselves from government support").
For example, Friends of Nature, which operates as a non-governmental
environmental organization, is technically an organization under the Academy of
Chinese Culture, a government entity under the Ministry of Culture. See
Antoaneta Bezolva, China: Beijing Keeps Wary Eye on Green Activism, Inter Press
Serv., June 12, 1997, available in LEXIS; News Library, INPRES File; Steven
Mufson, Fragile Civil Society Takes Root in Chinese Reform, Wash. Post, June 4,
1996, at A1. However, Friends of Nature operates autonomously. See 1996
Environmentalist Interview B. For an overview of Friends of Nature's activities,
see Jiang Wendi, Friends of Nature: China's New Environmental Watchdog, Beijing
Rev., Aug. 5, 1996; David Hsieh, A Trendsetter in China: Taking Up the Job of
Protecting Wildlife, Asiaweek, Dec. 6, 1996, at 24; see also Bezolva, supra
(reporting that China issued a circular banning "registration of any new
unofficial social groups dealing with environmental activism and other causes").




n483.  Another non-governmental environmental group, Beijing's Global Village
Environmental Culture Institute, is registered as a business. See 1996
Environmentalist Interview C. The organization produces television programs on
environmental issues and organizes a range of activities designed to raise
awareness of such issues. See id.




n484.  See Peking University Center Charter, supra note 218, art. 2; supra text
accompanying notes 191-92.




n485.  See Peking University Center Introduction, supra note 212, at 2-3.




n486.  See 1996 Lawyer Interview K.




n487.  It is thus unclear whether other university-based legal aid centers will
assume the same activist roles that the Wuhan University and Beijing University
centers have assumed. Ministry of Justice officials have been enthusiastic about
the possibility of involving law schools in legal aid, emphasizing that
developing programs within law departments may help alleviate some of the large
demand for legal aid and that such programs may be important aspects of the
reform of legal education in China. See 1997 Government Official Interview A;
Gong & Gao, supra note 251, at 13. However, not all universities have welcomed
such centers. In some cases, students and faculty seeking to establish legal aid
centers have found universities reluctant to provide space or funding. One law
professor who sought to establish a legal aid center states that his university
was unwilling to allocate space to a venture that would not generate revenue for
the university. See 1996 Academic Interview BB.




n488.  See 1997 Lawyer Interview C.




n489.  See Meng Baosen, Zongjie Fun<um u> Quanyi Baohu Shijian Jingyan, Wanshan
Fun<um u> Quanyi Baohu Fal<um u> Zhidu [Summarize Practical Experience in the
Protection of Women's Rights and Interests, Perfect the Legal System's
Protection of Women's Rights and Interests] [hereinafter Experience in the
Protection of Women's Rights and Interests], at 1 (unpublished 1997 report);
Meng Baosen, "Hunyin Fan," Gai Shenme? [What Should be Changed in the "Marriage
Law"?] Gongren Ribao [Workers Daily], July 14, 1997, at 7. Academics, students,
and members of the press also attended the seminar. See id; see also Liu
Yinglang, Experts Push for Amendments to Marriage Law, China Daily, Apr. 26,
1997, 4 (discussing the meeting).




n490.  See Experience in the Protection of Women's Rights and Interests, supra
note 489.




n491.  See Peking University Center Introduction, supra note 212, at 2. One
draft report describes a case in which the Center represented an engineer who
was illegally forced into early retirement. The Center wrote that although the
woman won her case, her problem is one that many women face. See Questions
Regarding Retirement Age, supra note 323, at 4.




n492.  See Li Gan, supra note 194.




n493.  See Cheng, supra note 202, at 4. Lawyers from the Center have also
published numerous articles. See id.




n494.  See The Path to Legal Aid with Special Chinese Characteristics, supra
note 192, at 4. In particular, based on its experience in certain cases, the
Center recommended changes to the Criminal Procedure Law regarding the right of
a crime victim to bring an independent claim. See id. Its suggestion was
included in the 1996 revisions to the Criminal Procedure Law. See id.




n495.  See 1996 Academic Interview BB.




n496.  In a 1996 meeting, officials responsible for legal aid in the Ministry of
Justice commented that their sole source of information on legal aid was a book
published in England in the 1970s. See 1996 Government Interview L. Since then,
the Ministry has obtained additional materials, and contacts with legal aid
practitioners from the West have increased. Ministry officials have also
translated a number of Western articles on legal aid into Chinese and have
written a series of articles in China's legal press explaining the role and
structure of legal aid programs in foreign countries.

   Some local legal aid programs have had contacts with legal aid practitioners
outside of mainland China. In particular, there have been a series of exchanges
between lawyers from the Guangzhou Legal Aid Center and legal aid practitioners
in Hong Kong. See Guangzhou Justice Bureau Introduction, supra note 107, at 7.




n497.  See Sun, supra note 208; Xiao, supra note 11 , at 10.




n498.  See Gong & Gao, supra note 77, at 11; see also Guangzhou Justice Bureau
Introduction, supra note 107, at 5 (arguing that establishing a legal aid system
is necessary if China is to occupy a place in "international human rights
struggles" and respond to Western countries' accusations regarding human rights
protections). In addition, China's 1991 White Paper on human rights includes a
discussion of the provision of legal aid to the disabled. See State Council
White Paper on Human Rights, BBC Summary of World Broadcasts, Nov. 8, 1991,
FE/1224/C1/1, available in LEXIS, News Library, BBCMIR File. One commentator
criticizes the White Paper for limiting its discussion of legal aid only to the
disabled, stating that the omission gave Western countries the opportunity to
criticize China's commitment to human rights. See Gao Zhen, Jianli Fal<um u>
Yuanzhu Zhidu, Wanshan Woguo Renquan Baozhang Tixi [Establish a Legal Aid
System, Complete Our Nation's System for the Protection of Human Rights], in
Discussing a Legal Aid System with Special Chinese Characteristics, supra note
11, at 7, 10. A 1995 update to the White Paper discusses the provision of free
legal services more generally. See China Publishes "White Paper" on Human
Rights, BBC Summary of World Broadcasts, Dec. 29, 1995, EE/D2497/S2, available
in LEXIS, News Library, BBCMIR File.




n499.  See Gao, supra note 498, at 7.




n500.  See id. at 10; see also Gong & Gao, supra note 77, at 11 (noting that the
Guangzhou Legal Aid Center has been named one of China's "Human Rights Judicial
Safeguards").




n501.  Chinese commentators do not appear to have taken notice of recent cuts in
funding for legal aid in the United States. Funding for the Legal Services
Corporation decreased from $ 400 million in fiscal year 1995 to $ 278 million in
1996. See Recent Legislation Constitutional Law - Congress Imposes New
Restrictions on Use of Funds by the Legal Services Corporation - Omnibus
Consolidated Rescissions and Appropriations Act of 1996, Pub. L. No. 104-134,
110 Stat. 1321, 110 Harv. L. Rev. 1346, 1346 (1997).

   Although some commentators stress the importance of looking at European
examples of legal aid programs, see, e.g., Mo et al., supra note 42, at 104,
especially those in Scandinavian countries where legal aid is provided by the
state, see, e.g., Liu & Wang, supra note 347, at 36 (discussing Sweden's legal
aid system), most commentators have focused on the American example.




n502.  See Shu, supra note 392. Not all commentary on Western legal aid programs
is completely positive. Justice Minister Xiao, for example, praised the
development of legal aid in Western countries, but he also noted that legal
assistance remains out of reach of many people in Western countries and that
legal aid has done little to alter Western law's emphasis on protecting the
interests of capitalists. See Xiao, supra note 11, at 2.




n503.  See supra notes 93-96 and accompanying text.




n504.  Arguments based on international practice in the legal aid context
parallel arguments made regarding China's revisions of the Criminal Procedure
Law. Cf. Lawyers Committee for Human Rights, supra note 24, at 13 ("Reference to
international standards has become a legitimate form of argumentation employed
within China, particularly among legal academics, to promote greater respect for
the rights of criminal suspects and defendants."). In addition, Chinese
officials referred to the U.N. Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of
Discrimination Against Women in passing the Law on the Protection of Women's
Rights and Interests in 1992. See Jonathan Hecht, The Challenge of China and
Human Rights, 9 Harv. Hum. Rts. J. 315, 318-19 (1996) (book review). For a
discussion of Chinese writings on rights, see Randall P. Peerenboom, Rights,
Interests, and the Interest in Rights in China, 31 Stan. J. Int'l L. 359, 365-82
(1995).




n505.  However, legal aid programs have been cited as a potential area of future
cooperation. Speaking at the conclusion of his summit with China's President
Jiang Zemin, President Clinton stated that the U.S. and China will "share ideas
on issues such as legal aid and administrative reform." See Transcript of
Clinton-Jiang News Conference, Wash. Post, Oct. 30, 1997, at A16; see also
Albright Remarks, supra note 466 (discussing visits by Secretary of State
Albright and Hillary Rodham Clinton to legal aid centers in Shanghai and
Beijing).




n506.  See Recent Legislation, supra note 501.




n507.  However, a few reports in China's official English press have discussed
the development of legal aid programs, arguing that such programs demonstrate
China's commitment to improving rights protections. See, e.g., Huang, supra note
151, at 11-14 (discussing pro bono work by lawyers).




n508.  See, e.g., George Melloan, China's Communists Find Beauty in Local
Elections, Wall St. J., July 21, 1997, at A23 (noting that "exercise of the vote
helps assuage discontents in a period of rapid change"); Louisa Coan, Statement
Before the Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific of the House International
Relations Committee (Sept. 17, 1997) (transcript available in 1997 WL 14150879)
(describing the development of village elections in China).




n509.  See Yan, supra note 92 (stating that lawyers should provide legal aid
both because they can afford to do so and because it is part of their ethical
obligations); see also Gao, supra note 498, at 7 (arguing that providing legal
aid is one aspect of lawyers' professional responsibility).




n510.  See Liu Aijun & Jiao Qingle, Fahui Youxiu Dianxing De Shifan Zuoyong,
Tuidong L<um u>shi Shiye Xiang Zongshen Fazhan [Develop the Exemplary Role of
Outstanding Examples, Promote the Deepening Development of the Legal
Profession], Fazhi Ribao [Legal Daily], Mar. 4, 1997, at 3.




n511.  Cf. Lawyers Committee for Human Rights, supra note 12, at 31 (discussing
the legal profession's "rampant disregard of professional ethics"); Alford,
supra note 16, at 34-35 (noting that China's Ministry of Justice has focused on
increasing the number of lawyers and questioning the effectiveness of its
attempts to strengthen legal ethics).




n512.  See Law and Order: Too Few Lawyers, BBC Summary of World Broadcasts, Feb.
28, 1989, FE/0396/B2, available in LEXIS, News Library, BBCMIR File.




n513.  Cf. Alford, supra note 16, at 33 (discussing problems of professional
ethics that plague China's legal profession).




n514.  Cf. supra text accompanying notes 456-58 (discussing Project Hope).




n515.  See Note, supra note 42, at 1541.




n516.  The Qianxi County Legal Aid Center has also engaged in a form of
advocacy, using its experience representing women as a basis for seminars to
raise judges' awareness of laws relating to women's rights. See supra note 181
and accompanying text.




n517.  See 1997 Lawyer Interview C.




n518.  See Lin Yu, Shuihuan Mengyu Hu: Fangtingheshui Wuran An Jiutuo Bujue
Baixing Shenshou Qiku [A Water Disaster More Fierce than a Tiger: Hundreds
Suffer Deeply from Negative Consequences as the Fangting River Pollution Case is
Delayed and Not Resolved], Zhongguo Huanjing Bao [China Environment News], May
11, 1996, at 3; 1998 Academic Interview A; see also Note, supra note 42, at 1530
(discussing the case).




n519.  For an examination of the growth of class action litigation in China, see
Note, supra note 42 , passim.




n520.  The Wuhan University Center undertook an environmental class action. See
1996 Lawyer Interview H. The Peking University Center brought a class action on
behalf of migrant workers against their employer for failure to pay them; the
case was settled when the employer agreed to pay in full the wages owed. See
1997 Lawyer Interview C; The Case of He Yulan, supra note 316.




n521.  Cf. Note, supra note 42, at 1539 (discussing lawyers' willingness to
bring suits challenging local governments).




n522.  See, e.g., Lawyers Committee for Human Rights, supra note 12, at 52
(noting that "political dissidents on occasion have been unable to find counsel
willing to represent them"); William Alford, Double-Edged Swords Cut Both Ways:
Law and Legitimacy in the People's Republic of China, Daedalus, Spring 1993, at
45; cf. China: AFP: Anhui Dissident to Sue Over Imprisonment, Foreign Broadcast
Information Service, Doc. No. FBIS-CHI-97-295, Oct. 22, 1997 (reporting that a
Chinese dissident stated that he would sue the police for failing to comply with
legal procedures in detaining him).




n523.  See, e.g., Stephen Ellmann, Cause Lawyering in the Third World, in Cause
Lawyering, supra note 401, at 349, 364; Daniel Lev, Lawyers' Causes in Indonesia
and Malaysia, in Cause Lawyering, supra note 401, at 431, 437, 442-43.




n524.  Raymond Michalowski makes a related observation in All or Nothing: An
Inquiry into the (Im)Possibility of Cause Lawyering under Cuban Socialism, in
Cause Lawyering, supra note 401, at 523, 526 ("Cuba's system of socialist
politics creates openings through which lawyers can and do affect social
policy."). See also id. at 543 (noting that the case of Cuban attorneys suggests
that there are alternative routes to the goals typically associated with cause
lawyering). China's market-oriented legal profession, and the broader range of
non-governmental activity permitted in China than in Cuba, suggests that lawyers
in China may have significantly greater opportunities to engage in public
interest lawyering, and in particular in public interest litigation, than their
Cuban counterparts.




n525.  Cf. Jane Kaufman Winn & Tang-chi Yeh, Advocating Democracy: The Role of
Lawyers in Taiwan's Political Transformation, 20 L. & Soc. Inquiry 561, 561
(1995) (stating that "[a] lawyer confronts...a predicament when the conflict
between the apparent autonomy of the legal profession and its subordination to a
corrupt sovereign power intersects with the demands of one's conscience to
resist manifest political injustice").




n526.  Cf. Ellmann, supra note 523, at 349-50 (defining cause lawyering and
public interest law to include lawyers pursuing "a program of social change,"
"the work of poverty lawyers who simply handle the innumerable individual legal
problems of poor clients in an effort to give their clients access to justice,"
as well as a range of other activities, including legal research, teaching,
lobbying, and class action litigation); Sarat & Scheingold, supra note 401, at 5
(stating that "providing a single, cross-culturally valid definition of the
concept [of cause lawyering] is impossible").




n527.  Cf. Setsuo Miyazawa, Cause Lawyering by a Cartelized Legal Profession:
Profiles of Cause Lawyering in Japan, at 4-5 (July 1996) (unpublished manuscript
on file with The Texas International Law Journal) (noting that the "lack of
economic incentives for public interest lawyering in Japan" has limited the
expansion of public interest law and legal aid in Japan).




n528.  Cf. Sarat & Scheingold, supra note 401, at 5-6 (arguing that while cause
lawyering under authoritarian regimes "is cast in a largely defensive role -
struggling to afford a modicum of protection against arbitrary arrest and
imprisonment," strategies in more liberal regimes "include efforts to extend the
reach and meaning of established rights as well as more ambitious efforts to
reconceive the liberal conception of rights to promote more egalitarian
distributions of power and material wealth").




n529.  Cf. Note, supra note 42, at 1533 (arguing that increasing litigation
rates in China may reflect a governmental policy of steering disputes into the
formal legal system in order to prevent social unrest). Government commentators
have praised legal aid for helping to avoid social instability. See, e.g.,
Guangzhou Justice Bureau Research Group, supra note 101, at 71; Gong, supra note
8, at 17-18.




n530.  See Perry Keller, Sources of Order in Chinese Law, 42 Am. J. Comp. L. 711
(1994).




n531.  See, e.g., Benjamin L. Liebman, Autonomy Through Separation?:
Environmental Law and the Basic Law of Hong Kong, 39 Harv. Int'l. L.J. 231,
248-9, 295 (1998).




n532.  Although the drafting of laws and regulations in China is often assigned
to a drafting group that includes persons outside of the National People's
Congress or the responsible ministry or ministries, such persons are usually
academics, not practitioners.




n533.  Cf. Note, supra note 42, at 1531-32 (discussing an apparent shift from
mediation to litigation).




n534.  See, e.g., Earl Johnson, Jr., Toward Equal Justice: Where the United
States Stands Two Decades Later, 5 Md. J. Contemp. Legal Issues 199, 200 (1994)
(discussing the development of legal aid in "democratic societies").




n535.  See, e.g., Robert J. Rhudy, Comparing Legal Services to the Poor in the
United States with Other Western Countries: Some Preliminary Lessons, 5 Md. J.
Contemp. Legal Issues 223, 224 (1994) (observing that the United States provides
legal aid to less than 20% of those in need in civil cases, and that "U.S. legal
services activities have generated a level of controversy and opposition which
stands in the way of current legal services development").


                             797 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                 Copyright (c) 1988 College of William & Mary.
                           William & Mary Law Review

                                  Summer, 1988

                           29 Wm. & Mary L. Rev. 881

LENGTH: 8714 words

NOTE: DISCRIMINATION IN THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS: DICK AND JANE HAVE AIDS

NAME: Susan A. Winchell

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS) came swiftly to the attention
of the American public in the early 1980s. ... This Note concludes that children
with AIDS should not be excluded from attending public school, that they
probably are protected by the equal protection clause in this regard, and that
section 504 covers asysmptomatic carriers of the AIDS virus as well as victims
of AIDS and AIDS-related complex. ... Courts cannot apply strict scrutiny to the
issue of children with AIDS in the classroom, and the traditional rational basis
test probably will not invalidate any state practice intended to protect the
public health. ...  A synthesis of Brown and Plyler suggests that whether barred
or simply segregated, school children with AIDS should be protected from
discrimination by heightened scrutiny under the equal protection clause. ...
This case does not present, and we therefore do not reach, the questions whether
a carrier of a contagious disease such as AIDS could be considered to have a
physical impairment, or whether such a person could be considered, solely on the
basis of contagiousness, a handicapped person as defined by the Act. ...  Under
the rationale of Arline, these children would be protected from discrimination
in public schools under the Rehabilitation Act of 1973. ...

TEXT:
 [*881]  Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS) came swiftly to the
attention of the American public in the early 1980s.  Originally the public
believed that AIDS affected only homosexuals and intravenous drug users.  In
some circles AIDS was believed to be nature's revenge on immoral and unnatural
conduct.  By now, however, AIDS is recognized as a very real threat to everyone
-- including children.

   The most tragic cases involve children, who are unwilling and defenseless
victims of this almost certainly fatal disease.  As of September 1987, 563
children had been documented as having AIDS; two thirds of them have died.  n1
Further, the U.S. Public Health Service estimates that 2000 children in the
United States are presently infected with the AIDS virus.  n2 Some scientists
project that by 1991, 10,000 to 20,000 American children under thirteen years of
age will show symptoms of the disease.  n3

   Because AIDS "can be transmitted in life's most basic action -- sex,
procreation, love . . . there is more emotionalism attached to it than any
disease since the Dark Ages."  n4 This emotionalism is no less apparent with
regard to the issue of admitting children with AIDS to public school classes.
In Florida, a public school barred triplets who had AIDS-related complex from
enrolling in public school.  The school eventually admitted the children, but a
volunteer teacher taught them in an isolated school setting.  n5 In Indiana, a
school excluded a thirteen-year-old hemophiliac with AIDS.  n6 In New York, a
community school board superintendent  [*882]  removed three children because of
suspicions that the students' mothers' boyfriends were infected with the virus.
n7

   Many localities have established official policies that address the problem
of admitting children with AIDS into regular classrooms.  A Queens, New York,
community school board voted to bar infected children from attending school
altogether.  n8 In San Mateo County, California, one official proposed
segregation of students with AIDS.  n9

   Other school districts have adopted a case-by-case approach based on 1985
federal guidelines issued by the Centers for Disease Control (CDC).  n10 The
guidelines suggest that most infected school-aged children be allowed to attend
regular classes.  These guidelines exclude only those children whose behavior
might expose uninfected children to the AIDS virus and suggest that this
determination be made individually by a team consisting of the child's doctor,
public health personnel, the child's parent or guardian, and personnel
associated with the school.  n11 Despite the enlightened approach of some
educators, however, the educational plight of children with AIDS is serious.
Few cases have come to the courts, and even fewer have been reported.  n12

   This Note explores the issue of discrimination against children with the AIDS
virus in primary public education.  n13 It first reviews  [*883]  medical
evidence regarding communicability of AIDS in the classroom setting and
concludes that AIDS does not represent a threat to noninfected children in this
setting.  The Note then explores the rights of infected children under the equal
protection clause of the United States Constitution.  It also discusses whether
these children are protected under section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973
n14 and in particular whether asymptomatic carriers of the AIDS virus can be
classified as "handicapped." This Note concludes that children with AIDS should
not be excluded from attending public school, that they probably are protected
by the equal protection clause in this regard, and that section 504 covers
asysmptomatic carriers of the AIDS virus as well as victims of AIDS and AIDS
-related complex.

   MEDICAL OVERVIEW

   The Center for Disease Control (CDC) defines AIDS as a syndrome associated
with exposure to human T-cell lymphotropic retrovirus type III (HTLV-III).  n15
This definition, which identifies cases that manifest the disease fully,
requires the presence of certain associated conditions, including opportunistic
infection, Kaposi's sarcoma (a malignant skin lesion), and non-Hodgkins lymphoma
of high-grade pathogenicity.  n16 Those who carry the virus but are not
afflicted with the associated diseases are considered to have AIDS-related
complex (ARC).  n17 A third group, those who have been exposed to the AIDS virus
but do not manifest any physical symptoms, are asymptomatic carriers.

   The AIDS virus has been found in a number of body fluids, including blood,
semen, breast milk,  n18 vaginal fluids, saliva, and tears.  n19 Scientists have
not documented transmission of the virus via saliva and tears.  n20 Children
usually acquire the disease from  [*884]  their infected mothers or from blood
transfusions.  n21 AIDS attacks and undermines its victims' immune systems,  n22
and no cure is presently known.  n23 The average AIDS patient, once diagnosed,
lives eighteen months to three years.  AIDS-related complex is not fatal, but it
may progress to AIDS.  n24 Asymptomatic carriers of the AIDS virus may never
develop the disease.  n25

   Experts agree that the AIDS virus cannot be spread through casual contact.
n26 Authorities have never documented a case of transmission of the virus to
family members in the homes of AIDS patients.  n27 Further, no data support a
conclusion that AIDS can be spread through day-to-day contact in school, day
care, or foster care settings.  n28 Although scientists will never say "never,"
n29 the adoption by many states of the CDC case-by-case approach to the problem
of AIDS in the classroom suggests that these public school officials consider
the risk to be negligible.  n30

EQUAL PROTECTION CLAUSE

   The equal protection clause provides that no state shall "deny to any person
within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws."  n31 This provision
prohibits state governments from treating "similarly situated" persons
"dissimilarly."  n32 Initially, the states decide what is similar or dissimilar.
n33 In the context of public education, the question is whether children with
AIDS are "dissimilar"  [*885]  from noninfected children in the public
classroom.  The outcome of this issue ultimately depends on the applicable
standard of review.  "The general rule is that legislation is presumed to be
valid and will be sustained if the classification drawn by the statute is
rationally related to a legitimate state interest."  n34 However, courts have
formulated several exceptions to this general rule.

Strict Scrutiny

   Strict scrutiny is the highest level of review employed under equal
protection analysis.  Under this standard, a state is required to "demonstrate
that its classification has been precisely tailored to serve a compelling
government interest."  n35 State action to categorically remove children with
AIDS from regular classroom attendance would fail under strict scrutiny because
the state cannot demonstrate the necessary tight fit between the compelling
government interest and the proposed remedy.

   A state certainly has an interest in protecting children in public schools
from the risk of infection.  The state might argue that because AIDS is
contagious and causes disruption and fear in the classroom and community, AIDS
-infected children should be excluded from the classroom.  Neither of these
concerns will survive the strict scrutiny test, however.  First, the
overwhelming weight of medical authority indicates that AIDS cannot be spread by
casual contact.  n36 In fact, federal guidelines recognize that the danger of
spreading AIDS in the classroom is virtually nonexistent.  Under the CDC
guidelines, only special situations merit the exclusion of children with AIDS
from regular classroom attendance.  n37 Children with AIDS therefore are no more
likely to spread the virus than children without AIDS.

   Second, traditional equal protection analysis has never accepted fear and
disruption as a basis for treating a class of individuals dissimilarly.  The
United States Supreme Court has condemned the  [*886]  notion that the popular
opinion of any segment of the community could override the strictures of the
equal protection clause.  n38 "Private biases may be outside the reach of the
law, but the law cannot, directly or indirectly, give them effect."  n39 In
school desegregation cases the Supreme Court implicitly recognized that
disruption might follow the protection of the rights of children to receive an
education in a racially nondiscrimatory school system.  The Court made local
governments responsible for implementing desegregation so that "local
conditions" and "local problems" could be dealt with effectively.  n40

   Even if a state's interest in barring children with AIDS from public school
attendance could meet the requirements of the strict scrutiny test, this
standard probably will not be applied to such cases.  The Supreme Court has
applied strict scrutiny only when state classification affects a fundamental
right or a suspect class of individuals.  n41 "In determining whether a
class-based denial of a particular right is deserving of strict scrutiny under
the Equal Protection Clause, [the Court] looks to the Constitution to see if the
right infringed has its source, explicitly or implicitly, therein."  n42
Although the Supreme Court has recognized the vital importance of education in
society,  n43 education is not explicitly or implicitly protected by the
Constitution  n44 and therefore does not merit protection as a fundamental
right.  n45

   The Supreme Court has also recognized the need for heightened judicial review
in cases involving suspect classes.  The Court recognized that "prejudice
against discrete and insular minorities may be a special condition."  n46
Traditionally, a class has been considered suspect if it has been "subjected to
such a history of purposeful unequal treatment, or relegated to such a position
of political powerlessness as to command extraordinary protection from the
[*887]  majoritarian political process."  n47 Under this criterion, the Court
has recognized race, alienage, and national origin as suspect classes.  n48 In
contrast to these classes, children with the AIDS virus have not suffered a
"history of purposeful unequal treatment," nor are they in a position of
political powerlessness.  The widespread occurrence of AIDS is a recent
phenomenon, and almost from the beginning this disease has received both
attention and funding from federal and state governments.

Rational Basis

   When a classification does not merit strict scrutiny, the courts have applied
a rational basis test.  Under this test, legislation mandating dissimilar
treatment of a class is presumed constitutional and is held invalid only if the
classification is not "rationally related" to a state purpose.  In cases
involving social and economic benefit, the Supreme Court has "consistently
refused to invalidate on equal protection grounds legislation which it simply
deemed unwise or unartfully drawn."  n49

   In the area of . . . social welfare, a State does not violate the Equal
Protection Clause merely because the classifications made by its laws are
imperfect.  If the classification has some reasonable basis, it does not offend
the Constitution simply because the classification "is not made with
mathematical nicety or because in practice it results in some inequality."  n50

   Here the question is whether a "reasonable basis" exists to treat children
with AIDS differently from noninfected children in the context of regular
classroom attendance.  A state classifies a child as AIDS infected or
noninfected to protect public health, and the states traditionally have the
authority to exercise their police power in the area of public health.  In 1904,
the Supreme Court stated in Jacobson v. Massachusetts:

    [*888]  [The Court] has distinctly recognized the authority of a State to
enact . . . "health laws of every description." . . .  According to settled
principles the police power of a State must be held to embrace, at least, such
reasonable regulations established directly by legislative enactment as will
protect the public health and the public safety.  n51

   After Jacobson, the North Dakota Supreme Court held that the school's denial
of admission of children with a contagious eye infection as well as those
suspected of having the infection was not unreasonable.  n52 In that case, the
state resolved any doubt whether children were infected in favor of public
health.  As recently as 1972, the Alaska Supreme Court noted in dicta that
schools could exclude students with contagious diseases from class.  n53
Jacobson is still the law, and courts give states great deference in the
assertion of their police power to protect the public health.  n54

   Medical opinion cannot absolutely guarantee that AIDS will not be transmitted
in a classroom setting.  States therefore may have sufficient justification
under the rational basis test for barring or segregating children with AIDS from
regular classroom attendance, even though such action might be deemed "unwise"
or have "unequal result."

Intermediate Scrutiny

   Courts cannot apply strict scrutiny to the issue of children with AIDS in the
classroom, and the traditional rational basis test probably will not invalidate
any state practice intended to protect the public health.  In some cases,
however, the Supreme Court has applied a middle level of scrutiny --
"intermediate" or "ad hoc" review.  This standard might be applied to protect
AIDS victims from discrimination under the equal protection clause.

   In Plyler v. Doe,  n55 the Supreme Court reviewed a Texas law that completely
barred children of illegal aliens from attending public  [*889]  school.  The
Court required the state to show a "substantial" interest justifying the
legislation.  n56 The Court balanced society's vital interest in basic education
and Texas's stated interests in protecting against an influx of illegal
immigrants and coping with the likelihood that these children would not stay in
the jurisdiction as well as with the special burdens that admittance of these
children would place on the state's ability to provide high-quality education.
n57

   Focusing on the law's complete denial of public education to alien children,
the Court pointed out that the children involved were not responsible for their
plight.  "[The legislation] imposes a lifetime hardship on a discrete class of
children not accountable for their disabling status."  n58 The Court continued:

   We cannot ignore the significant social costs borne by our Nation when select
groups are denied the means to absorb the values and skills upon which our
social order rests.

   . . . [D]enial of education to some isolated group of children poses an
affront to one of the goals of the Equal Protection Clause: the abolition of
governmental barriers presenting unreasonable obstacles to advancement on the
basis of individual merit.  n59

   Children with AIDS are similar to the alien children in Plyler in that they
are not responsible for their own situation.  Most children with AIDS contract
it from blood transfusions or from mothers who have AIDS prior to giving birth.
Barring or segregating children with AIDS from the regular classroom imposes a
"lifetime hardship" and condones the irrational fear and disruption often
associated with society's reaction to AIDS.  Based on the current weight of
authority that says AIDS cannot spread through casual contact in the classroom,
preventing children with AIDS from attending regular classes is a governmental
barrier presenting an "unreasonable" obstacle to these children in their pursuit
of an education.

    [*890]  If school systems completely barred children with AIDS from
receiving basic education, Plyler would be compelling precedent.  Instead,
children with AIDS are more likely to be segregated from classmates than
completely barred from school.  n60 In Plyler, the Court focused on the Texas
legislation's complete bar to even a basic public education for alien children.
Although the Court in Plyler recognized socialization as an important aspect of
regular public classroom attendance,  n61 the main thrust of the case is the
effect on children and society of a complete denial of basic education.  n62

   The Supreme Court addressed the evils of segregation in Brown v. Board of
Education.  n63 Although Brown dealt with racial segregation, the Court's
attention to "intangible" factors, including stigmatization and feelings of
inferiority in segregated students,  n64 applies as well to children with AIDS
who are segregated from the regular classroom.  A synthesis of Brown and Plyler
suggests that whether barred or simply segregated, school children with AIDS
should be protected from discrimination by heightened scrutiny under the equal
protection clause.

   The Supreme Court also appeared to apply a heightened level of review in City
of Cleburne v. Cleburne Living Center, Inc.  n65 In that case the city
government, pursuant to a zoning ordinance, required a special use permit for
operation of a group home for retarded adults.  The city denied the permit.  The
group challenged the zoning ordinance as an unconstitutional violation of the
equal protection clause.  n66 The Court declined to identify retarded adults as
a suspect or quasi-suspect class and appeared to apply the rational  [*891]
basis test,  n67 but nonetheless held the zoning ordinance unconstitutional.
n68

   The purported interests of the local government in City of Cleburne were the
negative attitudes of property owners, the location of the facility in a
residential area, and the size of the home and number of occupants.  n69 The
Court first noted that only certain types of establishments required the special
use permit.  n70 It went on to state that mere negative attitudes, or fear,
unsubstantiated by factors which are properly cognizable in a zoning proceeding,
are not permissible bases for treating a home for the mentally retarded
differently from apartment houses, multiple dwellings, and the like.  n71 The
Court did not accept the city's justifications concerning location and number of
occupants because these concerns would apply equally to types of establishments
not requiring a special use permit.  n72 In sum, the Court concluded that
"requiring the permit in this case appears to us to rest on an irrational
prejudice against the mentally retarded."  n73

   Whether schools may exclude children with AIDS from regular classroom
attendance is similar to the situation in City of Cleburne. Because AIDS is a
public health concern, its victims are members of a group of individuals who
"have distinguishing characteristics relevant to interests the State has the
authority to implement."  n74 Under the City of Cleburne rational basis test,
victims  [*892]  of AIDS could not be classified as dissimilar merely on the
basis of "irrational prejudice."

   In City of Cleburne, the city did not require many types of establishments to
have a special use permit even though these establishments posed the same risks
as those used to justify the ordinance.  Similarly, the only children excluded
from public school because they have AIDS are those known to have AIDS.  Schools
have not implemented mandatory testing to survey the entire population of school
children and identify asymptomatic carriers.  In District 27 Community School
Board v. Board of Education, a New York court focused on this fact to determine
that a proposal to exclude children with AIDS, without excluding children with
AIDS-related complex, violated the equal protection clause.  n75 The trial judge
applied a heightened level of scrutiny under the guise of rational basis
analysis and concluded that "[a]bsent any rational basis for petitioner's
proposed exclusion of only known AIDS cases or carriers of the virus . . . [the]
proposal must be deemed a denial of the equal protection of the laws."  n76

   Recall the argument that "[children with AIDS] and healthy children with no
link to AIDS are similarly situated with regard to AIDS because neither group
can transfer the disease in the normal, unrestricted school setting."  n77
Although case law suggests that schools cannot categorically exclude children
with AIDS from regular classroom attendance, an equal protection challenge would
be time consuming to pursue and children with AIDS need an immediate avenue of
response.  The next section looks at the most prominently discussed protection
for school children with AIDS -- the Rehabilitation Act of 1973.  n78

   THE REHABILITATION ACT OF 1973

   Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 provides:

   No otherwise qualified handicapped individual in the United States, as
defined in section 706(7) of this title, shall, solely by  [*893]  reason of his
handicap, be excluded from the participation in, be denied the benefits of, or
be subjected to discrimination under any program or activity receiving Federal
financial assistance or under any program or activity conducted by any Executive
agency or by the United States Postal Service.  n79

   The threshold question in determining whether section 504 applies to AIDS
-infected children is whether they are "handicapped" as defined by the Act.  The
Act defines a "handicapped individual" as "any person who (i) has a physical or
mental impairment which substantially limits one or more of such person's major
life activities, (ii) has a record of such an impairment, or (iii) is regarded
as having such an impairment."  n80 An "impairment" is defined as "any
physiological disorder or condition, cosmetic disfigurement, or anatomical loss
affecting one or more of the following body systems: . . . [including] hemic and
lymphatic. . . ."  n81

   Children who actually manifest symptoms of AIDS should fall within the
meaning of "handicapped individuals" because they have a physiological disorder
affecting the lymphatic system.  They are handicapped within the meaning of the
Act because of their physical impairment, not because of the contagious nature
of the disease.  Asymptomatic AIDS carriers, however, have no manifested
physiological symptoms of AIDS; they simply carry the virus.  In this section,
this Note discusses whether asymptomatic AIDS carriers should be considered
"handicapped" under section 504.

   Some confusion exists among courts and commentators regarding the
applicability of section 504 to AIDS.  One author coined the phrase "AIDS-linked
children," which she defined to mean children diagnosed as having AIDS, children
with ARC, children who have tested positive for the HTLV-III virus but have no
symptoms, and children in high-risk groups or who have family members in
high-risk groups.  n82 This author essentially avoided the definitional issue by
assuming that all "AIDS-linked children" are handicapped under Section 504.

    [*894]  In a case frequently relied on by courts and commentators addressing
whether AIDS is a handicap under section 504,  n83 the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit dealt with segregation of retarded children who
were carriers of hepatitis-B, a contagious disease.  n84 The court held that
section 504 protected these children from discrimination, but the handicap was
retardation, not the virus.  n85

   The Justice Department has addressed whether AIDS is a handicap under section
504 and has concluded that a "hypothetical immune carrier" of the AIDS virus is
not handicapped under the Act.  n86 The memorandum reasoned that the presence of
the active virus has no adverse consequence to the carrier, and thus no physical
impairment exists.  n87 "[The] mere fact that [the immune carrier] is, was, or
is thought to be able to communicate a debilitating disease, standing alone, is
not enough."  n88 Further, the Justice Department found no basis for a different
conclusion with regard to contagiousness where an asymptomatic carrier was
involved.  n89 Critics of the Justice Department memorandum point to the recent
Supreme Court decision in School Board v. Arline  n90 in support of their
position that section 504 should protect all individuals in all the various
stages of AIDS.  n91

   In Arline, the Supreme Court addressed whether contagiousness arising from
tuberculosis was a handicap under section 504.  In that case, a school fired a
teacher who experienced a relapse of tuberculosis after twenty years.  The Court
determined that prior treatment for tuberculosis constituted a record of
impairment and that  [*895]  "the contagious effects of a disease [cannot] be
meaningfully distinguished from the disease's physical effects on a claimant . .
."  n92 The Court expressly reserved the question whether contagiousness alone
would constitute a handicap under section 504.

   This case does not present, and we therefore do not reach, the questions
whether a carrier of a contagious disease such as AIDS could be considered to
have a physical impairment, or whether such a person could be considered, solely
on the basis of contagiousness, a handicapped person as defined by the Act.  n93

   Critics of the Justice Department memorandum hailed the Arline decision.
"The Court set guidelines 'that basically indicated that an employer cannot fire
someone based on fears. . . .  The reasoning of the case would clearly protect
sero positive people. . . .'"  n94 This reasoning can also be applied to
children who are excluded from regular classrooms because they carry the AIDS
virus.

   Arline has set the stage for the Supreme Court to decide that contagiousness
alone may be considered a handicap under section 504.  In concluding that
contagiousness was an effect that arose out of a record of physical impairment
and could not be distinguished meaningfully from that impairment, the Court
looked to section 504's underlying policy.  "[A]llowing discrimination based on
the contagious effects of a physical impairment would be inconsistent with the
basic purpose of section 504, which is to ensure that handicapped individuals
are not denied jobs or other benefits because of the prejudiced attitudes or the
ignorance of others."  n95 The Court recognized that the definition of
"handicapped individual" under section 504 was amended in 1974 "to include not
only those who are actually physically impaired, but also those who are regarded
as impaired." In amending the definition of handicap, Congress stated that
persons might be "discriminated against if they are regarded as handicapped,
regardless of whether they are in fact  [*896]  handicapped . . . [therefore]
the new definition clarifies the intention to include those persons who are
discriminated against on the basis of handicap, whether or not they are in fact
handicapped."  n96

   Children who are known to carry the AIDS virus and who are denied the full
benefits of attending regular classes are the victims of discrimination based on
fear and ignorance.  Under the rationale of Arline, these children would be
protected from discrimination in public schools under the Rehabilitation Act of
1973.  A logical extension of the Supreme Court's reasoning in Arline would also
protect the asymptomatic AIDS carrier under the third part of the amended
section 504 definition of handicap.  The public perceives these children to have
AIDS -- a physical impairment -- and these children are discriminated against
because of the perceived contagiousness of the disease.  As Congress recognized
when it amended the definition of handicapped individual, distinguishing the
effect of the impairment from the perceived impairment would be unreasonable.
Similarly, distinguishing victims of AIDS and ARC, who clearly are protected
under section 504, from asymptomatic carriers of the AIDS virus would be
unreasonable when the root cause of the discrimination is the same -- groundless
fear of contagiousness.

   The legislative history of section 504 supports this position.  As the
Supreme Court pointed out in Arline, "Congress was as concerned about the effect
of an impairment on others as it was about its effect on the individual."  n97
Representative Vanik stated that discriminating against a child with cerebral
palsy "because his teacher claimed his physical appearance 'produced a
nauseating effect' on his classmates" was not proper.  n98 Senator Mondale
pointed to the case of a woman with arthritis who was denied a job because
"college trustees [thought] . . . 'normal students shouldn't see her'" as an
example of impermissible discrimination.  n99 According to the regulations
promulgated under section 504 to clarify the scope of the third part of the
definition of impairment, "this part of the definition also includes some
persons who might not ordinarily  [*897]  be considered handicapped, such as
persons with disfiguring scars. . . ."  n100 Regardless of whether a physical
impairment exists or is simply perceived, courts should prohibit discrimination
when the effect of that real or perceived impairment is distasteful or
frightening.  Based on the Supreme Court's interpretation in Arline and the
underlying purpose of section 504, courts should consider all AIDS victims,
including asymptomatic carriers, as handicapped under section 504 of the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973.

   CONCLUSION

   There is no sadder tragedy than school children with AIDS.  Under both the
equal protection clause and the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, courts should
prohibit discrimination against these children in public school classrooms.
Although many states and school districts have adopted a case-by-case approach,
the fear and emotionalism among parents in the affected communities will
continue.  School boards as well as parents of victims should be aware of the
constitutional and statutory prohibitions of categorical discrimination against
children with AIDS.

   The foregoing analysis suggests that the equal protection clause should
protect children with AIDS from being categorically excluded from attending
public school classes.  Although strict scrutiny analysis would not be
applicable and the rational basis test would provide no protection, the Supreme
Court may apply heightened scrutiny in this situation.  The cases in which the
Court has applied heightened scrutiny suggest that school children with AIDS
might be protected.

   A more direct and less time consuming attack on discrimination against school
children with AIDS can be found under section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of
1973.  Victims of AIDS and ARC are, by definition, handicapped under the Act.
Following the Supreme Court's reasoning in Arline, asymptomatic carriers should
be covered as well.  Therefore, public schools that receive federal money risk
losing that money if they categorically exclude children with AIDS.

    [*898]  The analysis under section 504 is particularly appropriate in light
of the parallel approach in federal policy reflected in the guidelines issued by
the Centers for Disease Control.  Under the guidelines, children with AIDS
should not be categorically excluded from school or foster care, but can be
excluded if behavioral or other factors make the risk of their attendance
viable.  Under section 504, children should not be discriminated against by
exclusion from public school attendance unless they are not "otherwise
qualified."

   Public schools, as well as the parents of all children, are understandably
concerned about AIDS.  Frighteningly, the problem of AIDS in the classroom
promises to get much worse before it gets better.  In light of known medical
facts about the disease, both the CDC guidelines and protection against
discrimination under section 504 provide an appropriate balance for addressing
those concerns.  JULY 1988

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Constitutional LawEqual ProtectionScope of ProtectionImmigration LawDuties &
Rights of AliensEducationPublic Health & Welfare LawHealthcareCommunicable
Diseases

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Monmaney, Kids with AIDS, NEWSWEEK, Sept. 7, 1987, at 51, 52.




n2.  Id. at 52.




n3.  Id.




n4.  AIDS: At the Dawn of Fear, U.S. NEWS & WORLD REP., Jan. 12, 1987, at 60,
62.




n5.  Suit Seeks Class Attendance for Triplets with ARC, 1 AIDS Pol'y & L. (BNA)
No. 15, at 4 (Aug. 13, 1986).




n6.  Comment, Undoing A Lesson of Fear in the Classroom: The Legal Recourse of
AIDS-Linked Children, 135 U. PA. L. REV. 193, 194 n.8 (1986).




n7.  Id.




n8.  Fried, Queens School Unit Rejects City's Policy on AIDS Screening, N.Y.
Times, Sept. 1, 1985, at 41, col. 1.




n9.  School Trustee to Propose Ill Students' Segregation, 2 AIDS Pol'y & L.
(BNA) No. 12, at 9-10 (July 1, 1987).




n10.  Illinois Guidelines Oppose Barring Students with AIDS, 2 AIDS Pol'y & L.
(BNA) No. 3, at 10 (Feb. 25, 1987) (advisory guidelines declaring right to free
public education, absent special risk factors); Missouri Develops Policy on
AIDS, 1 AIDS Pol'y & L. (BNA) No. 15, at 5 (Aug. 13, 1986) (case-by-case
approach recommending that children with AIDS be allowed to attend school unless
they bite or lack toilet training); See Bills Would Bar Persons With AIDS in
Schools, 1 AIDS Pol'y & L. (BNA) No. 1, at 7 (Jan. 29, 1986) (Bismark, South
Dakota adopted a case-by-case approach to decide whether students with AIDS
should be allowed to attend regular classes).




n11.  Education and Foster Care of Children Infected with Human T-Lymphotropic
Virus Type III/Lymphadenopathy-Associated Virus, 34 MORBIDITY & MORTALITY WEEKLY
REP. 517, 519 (1985) [hereinafter Education and Foster Care].




n12.  Jones, The Education for All Handicapped Children Act: Coverage of
Children with Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome, 15 J.L. EDUC. 195, 203
(1986).




n13.  The scope of this Note is limited to children.  High schools may have
special concerns regarding transmission of AIDS because of the possibility of
sexual activity among students.




n14.  Because of its focus on discrimination analysis, this Note does not
discuss the Education for All Handicapped Children Act.




n15.  Sicklick & Rubenstein, A Medical Review of AIDS, 14 HOFSTRA L. REV. 5, 5
(1985).




n16.  Id.




n17.  Id. at 5-6.




n18.  Merritt, Communicable Disease and Constitutional Law: Controlling AIDS, 61
N.Y.U. L. REV. 739, 747 (1986).




n19.  Sicklick & Rubenstein, supra note 15, at 7.




n20.  Id.




n21.  Id. at 7-8.




n22.  Merritt, supra note 18, at 742.




n23.  Id.




n24.  Id.




n25.  Id. at 744.




n26.  District 27 Community School Bd. v. Board of Educ., 130 Misc. 2d 398, 405,
502 N.Y.S.2d 325, 330 (N.Y. Sup. Ct. 1986).




n27.  Id., 502 N.Y.S.2d at 331.




n28.  Id. at 407, N.Y.S.2d at 331.




n29.  Boards Urged Not To Bar Students with AIDS, 1 AIDS Pol'y & L. (BNA) No. 4,
at 3 (Mar. 12, 1985) (quoting a New York doctor who nonetheless characterized
the risk of contagion from casual contact in the school setting as "beyond the
remotest possibility").




n30.  See Education and Foster Care, supra note 11, at 519.




n31.  U.S. CONST. amend. XIV, § 1.




n32.  See Comment, supra note 6, at 213 (suggesting that AIDS-linked children
are similarly situated to children with no exposure to the virus because
"neither group can transfer the disease in the normal, unrestricted school
setting").




n33.  Plyler v. Doe, 457 U.S. 202, 216 (1982).




n34.  City of Cleburne v. Cleburne Living Center, Inc., 473 U.S. 432, 440 (1985)
(citations omitted).




n35.  Plyler, 457 U.S. at 217.




n36.  District 27 Community School Bd. v. Board of Educ., 398 Misc. 2d 398, 405,
502 N.Y.S.2d 325, 330 (N.Y. Sup. Ct. 1986).




n37.  Education and Foster Care, supra note 11, at 519.




n38.  City of Cleburne, 473 U.S. at 448.




n39.  Palmore v. Sidoti, 466 U.S. 429, 433 (1984).




n40.  Brown v. Board of Educ., 349 U.S. 294, 298-99 (1955).




n41.  Plyler v. Doe, 457 U.S. 202, 216-17 (1982).




n42.  Id. at 217 n.15.




n43.  Brown v. Board of Educ., 347 U.S. 483, 493 (1953).




n44.  San Antonio Indep. School Dist. v. Rodriguez, 411 U.S. 1, 35 (1973).




n45.  Id. at 37.




n46.  United States v. Carolene Prod. Co., 304 U.S. 144, 153 n.4 (1938).




n47.  Rodriguez, 411 U.S. at 28.




n48.  City of Cleburne v. Cleburne Living Center, Inc., 473 U.S. 432, 440
(1985).




n49.  United States R.R. Retirement Bd. v. Fritz, 449 U.S. 166, 175 (1980).




n50.  Dandridge v. Williams, 397 U.S. 471, 485 (1972) (quoting Lindsley v.
Natural Carbonic Gas, 220 U.S. 61, 79 (1911)).




n51.  Jacobson v. Massachusetts, 197 U.S. 11, 25 (1905).




n52.  Martin v. Craig, 42 N.D. 213, 173 N.W. 787 (1919).




n53.  Breese v. Smith, 501 P.2d 159, 170 n.44 (Alaska 1972).




n54.  See Note, Fear Itself: AIDS, Herpes and Public Health Decisions, 3 YALE L.
& POL'Y REV. 479 (1985).




n55.  457 U.S. 202 (1982).




n56.  Id. at 218-19.




n57.  Id. at 228-30.




n58.  Id. at 223.




n59.  Id. at 221-22.




n60.  E.g., White v. Western School Bd., No. 85-1192 (S.D. Ind. Aug. 23, 1985)
(Ryan White, a 13-year-old hemophiliac with AIDS, communicated with his
classroom via telephone).




n61.  Plyler, 457 U.S. at 222 n.20.




n62.  Id. at 220-21.




n63.  347 U.S. 483 (1954).




n64.  Id. at 493-94.




n65.  473 U.S. 432 (1985).




n66.  Id. at 437.




n67. " [W]here individuals in the group affected by a law have distinguishing
characteristics relevant to interests the State has the authority to implement,
the courts have been very reluctant . . . to closely scrutinize legislative
choices as to whether, how, and to what extent those interests should be
pursued." Id. at 441-42.




n68.  Id. at 450.




n69.  Id. at 448-49.




n70.  A special zoning permit was required of "[h]ospitals for the insane or
feeble-minded, or alcoholic [sic] or drug addicts, or penal or correctional
institutions." City of Cleburne, 473 U.S. at 436 (quoting § 16 of the Cleburne
zoning ordinance).  The Court pointed out in its analysis that this ordinance
therefore would not require a special permit for other multiple-occupancy uses,
such as apartment houses, multiple dwellings, boarding houses, fraternity or
sorority houses, dormitories, apartment hotels, hospitals, sanitariums, some
nursing homes, homes for the aged, or private clubs.  Id. at 447.




n71.  Id. at 448.




n72.  Id. at 450.




n73.  Id.




n74.  Id. at 441.




n75.  District 27 Community School Bd. v. Board of Educ., 130 Misc. 2d 398, 416,
502 N.Y.S.2d 325, 337 (N.Y. Sup. Ct. 1986).




n76.  Id.




n77.  Comment, supra note 6, at 213.  See supra text accompanying notes 26-30.




n78.  29 U.S.C. §§ 701-96 (1982).




n79.  Rehabilitation Act of 1973 § 504, 29 U.S.C. § 794.




n80.  29 U.S.C. § 706(7)(B).




n81.  45 C.F.R. § 84.2(j)(2)(i) (1987).




n82.  Comment, supra note 6, at 193, 194 n.10.




n83.  See District 27 Community School Bd. v. Board of Educ., 130 Misc. 2d 398,
416-17, 502 N.Y.S.2d 325, 337-38 (N.Y. Sup. Ct. 1986); Schwarz & Schaffer, AIDS
in the Classroom, 14 HOFSTRA L. REV. 163, 177 (1985); Comment, supra note 6, at
205.




n84.  New York State Ass'n for Retarded Children v. Carey, 612 F.2d 644 (2d Cir.
1979).




n85.  Id. at 649.




n86.  U.S. Department of Justice, Memorandum for Ronald E. Robertson 23 (June
20, 1986).  The memorandum deals specifically with the issue of AIDS in the
workplace, but the analysis is applicable to victims of AIDS generally,
including children.




n87.  Id. at 24.




n88.  Id. at 26.




n89.  Id. at 27.




n90.  107 S. Ct. 1123 (1987).




n91.  Justice's Opinion Termed "Instruction to Bigots," 1 AIDS Pol'y & L. (BNA)
No. 14, at 8 (July 30, 1986).  Congressman Barney Frank referred to the
memorandum as "one of the most intellectually dishonest efforts to protect
bigotry to come from a federal agency." Id.




n92.  Arline, 107 S. Ct at 1128.




n93.  Id. at 1128 n.7.




n94.  Lawyers, Legislators See Justice Department Setback, 2 AIDS Pol'y & L.
(BNA) No. 4, at 4 (Mar. 11, 1987) (quoting Benjamin Schatz, director of the AIDS
Civil Rights Project at the San Francisco based National Gay Rights Advocates).




n95.  Arline, 107 S. Ct. at 1129.




n96.  S. REP. No. 1297, 93d Cong., 2d Sess. 4, reprinted in 1974 U.S. CODE CONG.
& ADMIN. NEWS 6373, 6389.




n97.  Arline, 107 S. Ct. at 1128.




n98.  117 CONG. REC. 45,974 (1971) (statement of Representative Vanik).




n99.  118 CONG. REC. 36,761 (1972) (statement of Senator Mondale).




n100.  45 C.F.R. § 84.2(j)(2)(i) app. A (A)(3) at 345.


                             798 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                    Kolkata


                                     India

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.kolkatahearing.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   We provide custom hearing aid ear mould with sound protection ear plugs of
custom make. We are one and ony Approved Partner of Siemens Hearing Instruments
Pte, Ltd. in Kolkata West Bengal India. Our hearing aid price ranges starts from
low price hearing aid to high price hearing aids. All prices ranges of hearing
aids of all reputed hearing aid brands are available here readily. Customised
invisible Siemens hearing aids with standard features and computerised hearing
fitting are also provided. Non-computerised hearing aids of all the hearing aid
brands are also readily available. We accept all types of payment options like
Credit Card, Debit Card, Cheque and Cash. We also provide hearing aid users to
buy or purchase hearing aids Online through our portal. We accurately follow up
post hearing aid fitting solutions. Our aim is to provide quality hearing aids
without cutting or discounting service. As per manufacturer we also provide free
service guarantee / warranty to the hearing aid users. Hearing aid users
complain in solved on timely basis and corrective measures taken on time to
avoid all kinds of hearing aid fitting disputes. For senior citizen - in some
cases we provide home dispensing service facility. Children hearing aid with
special fitting for inborn deaf mute child are set by qualified hearing aid
fitting professionals. Our mission is to generate maximum number of employment
providing quality services to the hearing aid users. As our social
responsibility we attend

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             799 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                            First Aid Supplies Plus

                                 221765 PO Box
                              Chantilly,  VA 20153
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 703-449-5438
URL: http://www.firstaidsuppliesplus.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 19352289

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
First Aid Supplies Plus is a supplier focussed on Emergency Medical Supplies,
First Aid, First Aid Cabinets, First Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, and 15 other
Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. First Aid Supplies Plus
does business in the Aerospace, Automation, and Automotive Industries, as well
as 22 other major Manufacturing Industries.
INDUSTRY TYPE: supplier;

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Emergency Medical Supplies
     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Cabinets
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies
     ·    Gears
     ·    Guides
     ·    Hard Hats
     ·    Hats
     ·    Masks
     ·    Nets
     ·    Safety Products
     ·    Safety Vests
     ·    Solutions
     ·    Vests
     ·    First Aid Cabinets
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Defense
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Marine
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Test & Measurement
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Camphor
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Columbium
     ·    Disinfectants
     ·    Gels
     ·    Glass
     ·    Ice
     ·    Nitriles
     ·    Nylon
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Polypropylene
     ·    PVC
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Silicone
     ·    Silicone Rubber
     ·    Silicones
     ·    Silver
     ·    Steel


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Belt Cutters


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Absorbents, Adhesive Cloth, Adhesive Cloth Tapes, Adhesive
Tapes, Alcohol, Angles, Antacids, Antibiotics, Antiseptics, Applicators, Arrows,
Aspirin, Backpacks, Bands, Beacons, Belt Cutters, Belts, Bicycles, Blisters,
Boots, Bracelets, Breathers, Briefs, Bump Caps, Burn Kits, Buses, Calendars,
Calipers, Camphor, Carabiners, Cardboard, Cartridges, Chairs, Chemicals, Chests,
Cloth, Cloth Tapes, Clothing, Coated Gloves, Columbium, Compasses, Containers,
Control Systems, Cookies, Cord, Cotton, Coveralls, Coverlets, Credit Cards,
Crutches, Cuffs, Cut Resistant Gloves, Cutting Tools, Decals, Defibrillators,
Denims, Diagnostic Instruments, Disinfectants, Disposable Coveralls, Earplugs,
Emblems, Emergency Kits, Emergency Medical Supplies, Emergency Signs,
Examination Gloves, Face Shields, Feeds, Feet, Filters, First Aid, First Aid
Cabinets, First Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, Flags, Flashlights, Flats, Foam
Pads, Food Products, Gear Bags, Gears, Gels, Generators, Glass, Goggles, Guards,
Guides, Hard Hats, Hats, Hearing Protection, Helmets, Hoods, Ice, Jackets,
Jerseys, Lasers, Latex Gloves, Leather, LED Lights, Lifeboats, Lighters, Lights,
Litters, Lockouts, Mannequins, Masks, Medical Tapes, Metal Boxes, Mugs, Nets,
Nitrile Gloves, Nitriles, Nylon, Ointments, Oral Thermometers, Organizers,
Oxygen, Pants, Patches, Pillows, Plastics, Platforms, Polo Shirts,
Polypropylene, Posts, PVC, Radios, Razors, Registers, Rescue Breathers,
Respirators, Retainers, Rings, Rockers, Rubber, Rulers, Sacks, Safety Glass,
Safety Glasses, Safety Products, Safety Vests, School Buses, Scoops, Seat Belts,
Seats, Shears, Sheets, Shirts, Shoe Covers, Shoes, Signals, Silicone, Silicone
Rubber, Silicones, Silver, Sirens, Skis, Solutions, Sprays, Stairs, Starters,
Steel, Stethoscopes, Stickers, Stoppers, Storage Bags, Surgical Tapes, Survival
Kits, Sweatshirts, Syringes, Tables, Tablets, Tags, Tarps, Tees, Telephones,
Terrycloth, Thermometers, Towels, Traffic Cones, Uniforms, Utility Blades, Vans,
Vests, Vinyl Gloves, Vinyl Pouches, Warning Signs, Work Gloves, Zippers

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                             800 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 2, 2016 Friday

Vigil recognizes World AIDS Day in Twin Ports

BYLINE: Lisa Kaczke, Duluth News Tribune

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 893 words


Dec. 02--Tears and hugs between friends started the vigil to honor World AIDS
Day in Duluth.

The vigil included calls for educating the younger generation to prevent new HIV
cases and to raise awareness that anyone can become infected by it.

A dozen people lined up to light candles at the inaugural Twin Ports World AIDS
Day Expo at the American Indian Community Housing Organization on Thursday to
honor people living with HIV or AIDS and remember those who have lost their
lives to the disease. As people took their seats again, a moment of quiet filled
the room. Expo organizer Joe Morales said, "I hope you found peace in the candle
lighting."

After Superior Mayor Bruce Hagen and Duluth Mayor Emily Larson jointly
proclaimed it World AIDS Day in the Twin Ports during the expo, Larson said the
community needs to address the stigma of HIV and AIDS and the fear people feel
in talking about their health concerns.

"If you live in Duluth and you identify as someone who has AIDS or HIV, if you
love someone in your life that has AIDS or HIV, you are welcome here and we love
you here. You are safe here and we trust in you and we want to hear your story.
You are a part of our community and you are a beloved part of our community,"
Larson said.

Fewer people are dying of AIDS today compared to the 1980s and 1990s due to
programs that offer testing and help with medications so the virus stays
suppressed, said Christy Rushfeldt, risk reduction supervisor at the Minnesota
AIDS Project. World AIDS Day is still important, she said, because people forget
that new infections need to be prevented and that people with HIV and AIDS need
to continue to receive services that ensure they have a good quality of life.
There's still a lack of education about it, including how it can be transmitted,
she said.

"Beyond just the health piece comes a whole slew of other needs that don't get
talked about -- chemical health, mental health, housing, insurance and
affordable medications," Rushfeldt said.

There are about 300 people diagnosed with HIV in Minnesota every year, according
to the Minnesota Department of Health. Rushfeldt said that number has been level
for a while and Minnesota has low numbers for new infections compared to
nationally, which she credits to programs like needle exchanges.

HIV and AIDS have been known worldwide for decades, but the disease still has a
strong stigma that stems from a lack of education about it, said Morales, a
benefits counselor with the Rural AIDS Action Network in Duluth. People with HIV
and AIDS can sometimes feel shame about the disease and that can affect other
areas of their life such as housing and employment.

"People still think you're going to die. People still think if you touch them,
they can get it," he said. "AIDS is not a death sentence anymore. In fact, in
many cases, you don't even get AIDS anymore -- you become undetectable and
studies now show that if you're on your antiretroviral meds and you become
undetectable, you can't actually transmit HIV to your partner anymore."

The stigma of having HIV and AIDS can be worse in small rural communities, but
these days, people can't tell if someone is infected and that's due to the
medications now available, Morales said.

Access to medical care for HIV and AIDS can be difficult in rural areas, but
Duluth's medical facilities do well, he said. It comes down to whether a person
is comfortable discussing it with their doctor and the doctor's knowledge about
the treatment options. Morales said he hopes people left the expo with the
understanding that they don't have to be afraid and that they should get
themselves tested for HIV. He explained that a person can be have HIV for years
without knowing and it's not a disease that is included in regular testing at a
doctor's office. Free testing for HIV, Hepatitis C and syphilis were offered at
the expo.

World AIDS Day, which began in 1988, is about remembering people who have died
of AIDS and making people aware that HIV doesn't discriminate in who it affects,
Morales said.

"It doesn't discriminate on your age or your gender and so it's important that
we continue to remind the community to be safe," Morales said.

People decline to be tested sometimes, concerned that if they have health
insurance through their employer, the employer could find out if they test
positive, Morales said. Free confidential tests for HIV are offered in Duluth at
Rural AIDS Action Network and in Superior at AIDS Resource Center of Wisconsin.

The expo included break-out sessions to discuss various topics related to HIV
and AIDS, as well as a keynote address by Dr. James Conniff on pre-exposure
prophylaxis, which is a daily pill for people who are at high risk for HIV to
lower their chances of becoming infected. Morales explained that it's not a
cure, but the community is getting there.

"This is one giant step to say now we can stop the transmission of it," Morales
said.

To learn more

For more information, visit the Minnesota AIDS Project at mnaidsproject.org, the
Rural AIDS Action Network in Minnesota at raan.org and the AIDS Resource Center
of Wisconsin at arcw.org. The Minnesota AIDS Project's hotline can be reached at
(800) 248-2437.

___ (c)2016 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161202-DU-Vigil-recognizes-World-AIDS-Day-in-Twin-Ports-1202-20161202

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2016 Duluth News-Tribune


                             801 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 9, 2015 Saturday

Washington: College for All: Improving College Access and Degree Attainment
Through an Early Guarantee of Federal Financial Aid

LENGTH: 1688  words

DATELINE: Washington


Center for American Progress has issued the following news release:

In 2015, approximately 3.3 million students are expected to graduate from high
schools throughout the United States. Many of them will pursue postsecondary
education immediately after receiving their diploma but not nearly enough will
complete their degree. Furthermore, high school graduates who do not enroll in a
college or a postsecondary education program are more likely to come from
lower-income families.

While previous generations of Americans were considered to be among the world's
most educated, gains in postsecondary attainment in competitor countries have
outpaced attainment among young people in the United States. U.S. adults between
the ages of 55 and 64 are the third-most educated among the 34 Organisation for
Economic Co-operation and Development, or OECD, countries--nations that are in
competition with the United States. In contrast, U.S. young adults currently
rank 10th on OECD's most-educated list. As the Baby Boomer generation retires
from the workforce, these lower levels of postsecondary attainment among the
current generation of Americans will become increasingly apparent in global
economic performance.

Among the current generation of students, family income plays a significant role
in determining who will receive a college degree, which is a key component of
the growing inequality in the United States. In 2013, students in the top income
quartile were eight times more likely to receive a bachelor's degree than
students in the bottom quartile--up from 1970, when students from high-income
families were five times more likely to earn a bachelor's degree. While income
level determines who enrolls in college after high school, it even more
significantly determines who completes college and earns a degree. In the
context of rising inequality in postsecondary education, it is no wonder that
the United States has fallen behind its competitors. If the United States is to
make gains in degree attainment and improve its ranking among its competitors,
the solution needs to focus on degree attainment in families from the bottom
half of the income scale.

Each year, the federal government spends billions of dollars on federal student
aid programs to help make college more affordable. In 2015, for example, the
federal government spent approximately $28 billion on the Federal Pell Grant
Program, which provides grants to low-income students so that they can attend
college. But, as currently designed, the process of securing federal financial
aid support is a series of mountains instead of open doors. In order to receive
federal financial aid, students and families must complete the complex Free
Application for Federal Student Aid, or FAFSA. The Advisory Committee on Student
Financial Assistance--a working group created by Congress to be an independent
source of advice on financial aid policy--has frequently criticized the
complexity of student aid and pointed out the barriers the process creates,
particularly for the poorest students. The committee called for many
simplifications that have since been implemented, including eliminating
redundant questions; phasing out the paper FAFSA form; simplifying and
streamlining the online application; and instituting a data retrieval tool for
easy access to an aid applicant's tax information from the Internal Revenue
Service, or IRS. Despite all of these changes, the FAFSA still serves as a
barrier to college access.

Another barrier yet to be addressed is the inability of students and families to
determine their eligibility for federal financial aid and the amount of aid
available until after they have already applied to colleges and universities.
For prospective first-generation college students and students from families
struggling to make ends meet, a public college education with an average annual
price tag--after federal, state, and institutional grants--of $12,000 for a
four-year college or $7,500 for two-year college is not affordable or accessible
and can discourage students from applying at all. For those who do choose to
attend college, the lack of financial aid information--as well as the high
costs--can lead to poor financial, academic, and college choice decisions.

FederalAidApplication_webfig1

In 2015, the Center for American Progress announced College for All, a radically
student-centric plan that would significantly boost college attainment rates
among students from low- and moderate-income families by ensuring that students
would be able to attend two- and four-year public institutions without having to
incur any tuition or fees while enrolled. In order to remedy financial aid
timeline inefficiencies, incentivize more students to earn postsecondary
education credentials, and promote future economic success, CAP proposes
improving the federal financial aid system by providing an early guarantee of
financial aid eligibility through the federal tax system and eliminating the
need for students to fill out additional forms in order to receive federal aid.
The early guarantee of federal financial aid would increase transparency of both
college costs and available aid, as well as incentivize students to enroll in
and complete postsecondary education, encourage robust college academic
preparation, and spur families to begin saving if possible.

While early aid notification is proposed as a component of College for All, the
recommendations in this report can and should be applied to the current
financial aid system in order to effectively streamline the aid process and
eliminate barriers such as the need for additional forms. This report also
details how Congress, under the amended Higher Education Act of 1965, could
pilot an early guarantee of aid through the previously authorized demonstration
program. The pilot would allow for an early guarantee to be tested for impacts
and outcomes on college access and completion rates, as well as troubleshoot
delivering aid through the tax system. Through College for All, aid would be
guaranteed, delivered, and repaid through the federal tax system in a more
rational and organized manner. However, even without the additional reforms
proposed under College for All, an early guarantee of aid would increase
transparency and incentivize more students to aspire to and achieve
postsecondary education.

CAP proposes the following recommendations:

Provide an early guarantee of federal financial aid: Students and families
should receive an early guarantee of available aid when the student is in the
eighth grade based on information from their federal income tax return.
Receiving federal financial aid should not require students to fill out forms
providing income data when this information is already collected and reported
through the tax system. The IRS would notify families about their eligibility
for federal financial aid before the student starts high school, and the U.S.
Department of Education would develop and provide detailed information on the
cost of college, net price, types of aid available, and repayment options.

Build a financial aid calculator that works within the IRS income tax system to
determine aid: Currently, financial aid eligibility is determined based on FAFSA
information and the formula that determines expected family contribution, or
EFC. Under College for All, students would not need to contribute anything
upfront for tuition and fees. Instead, students would be guaranteed a mix of
grants and loans depending on the family's income history. Grant aid would
target students with the greatest need in order to eliminate the psychological
barriers of preparing for college, such as worrying about costs. A new
calculator should be created that can work with IRS data points to determine the
amount of available grant aid based on multiple years of income data. The
balance of the aid would be provided in the form of loans.

Permit states and institutions to use income data for families to make a more
accurate assessment of financial need: Under the new aid system, students and
families could elect to share income information with colleges and universities
to help institutions make better and more informed decisions regarding what
types and amounts of aid to provide students.

Target and communicate tuition support and grant aid: In order for an early
guarantee of federal financial aid to be most effective, tuition support and
grant aid needs to be increased. Families need to know that the immediate cost
of college is covered. For low- and moderate-income families, it is important to
explicitly communicate how much federal aid they will receive in the form of
grants that do not have to be repaid. Grant funding should be targeted in a way
that incentivizes the most students to attend and complete a postsecondary
degree or certificate. The program could be piloted by first targeting the
neediest students who are eligible for the maximum Pell Grant award.

Pilot an early guarantee of aid already granted under current law: The Higher
Education Act of 1965, which authorized the federal student aid system, includes
an authority for a demonstration program that would allow several states to
award Pell Grants in conjunction with an information campaign targeting
low-income students in the eighth grade. The Department of Education would then
track these students through college and monitor their progress. The Obama
administration should work with Congress to have funds appropriated in order to
implement a pilot program as quickly as possible to take advantage of state tax
and benefit information systems.

The amount of financial aid available to students should be an incentive and
make the decision to attend college easier, but the complicated process of
applying for aid and a lack of information stand in the way. Together, these
recommendations would simplify and streamline the federal aid system and ensure
that it fulfills the goal of getting the students most in need to and through
college.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             802 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 9, 2015 Saturday

Washington: College for All: Improving College Access and Degree Attainment
Through an Early Guarantee of Federal Financial Aid

LENGTH: 1688  words

DATELINE: Washington


Center for American Progress has issued the following news release:

In 2015, approximately 3.3 million students are expected to graduate from high
schools throughout the United States. Many of them will pursue postsecondary
education immediately after receiving their diploma but not nearly enough will
complete their degree. Furthermore, high school graduates who do not enroll in a
college or a postsecondary education program are more likely to come from
lower-income families.

While previous generations of Americans were considered to be among the world's
most educated, gains in postsecondary attainment in competitor countries have
outpaced attainment among young people in the United States. U.S. adults between
the ages of 55 and 64 are the third-most educated among the 34 Organisation for
Economic Co-operation and Development, or OECD, countries--nations that are in
competition with the United States. In contrast, U.S. young adults currently
rank 10th on OECD's most-educated list. As the Baby Boomer generation retires
from the workforce, these lower levels of postsecondary attainment among the
current generation of Americans will become increasingly apparent in global
economic performance.

Among the current generation of students, family income plays a significant role
in determining who will receive a college degree, which is a key component of
the growing inequality in the United States. In 2013, students in the top income
quartile were eight times more likely to receive a bachelor's degree than
students in the bottom quartile--up from 1970, when students from high-income
families were five times more likely to earn a bachelor's degree. While income
level determines who enrolls in college after high school, it even more
significantly determines who completes college and earns a degree. In the
context of rising inequality in postsecondary education, it is no wonder that
the United States has fallen behind its competitors. If the United States is to
make gains in degree attainment and improve its ranking among its competitors,
the solution needs to focus on degree attainment in families from the bottom
half of the income scale.

Each year, the federal government spends billions of dollars on federal student
aid programs to help make college more affordable. In 2015, for example, the
federal government spent approximately $28 billion on the Federal Pell Grant
Program, which provides grants to low-income students so that they can attend
college. But, as currently designed, the process of securing federal financial
aid support is a series of mountains instead of open doors. In order to receive
federal financial aid, students and families must complete the complex Free
Application for Federal Student Aid, or FAFSA. The Advisory Committee on Student
Financial Assistance--a working group created by Congress to be an independent
source of advice on financial aid policy--has frequently criticized the
complexity of student aid and pointed out the barriers the process creates,
particularly for the poorest students. The committee called for many
simplifications that have since been implemented, including eliminating
redundant questions; phasing out the paper FAFSA form; simplifying and
streamlining the online application; and instituting a data retrieval tool for
easy access to an aid applicant's tax information from the Internal Revenue
Service, or IRS. Despite all of these changes, the FAFSA still serves as a
barrier to college access.

Another barrier yet to be addressed is the inability of students and families to
determine their eligibility for federal financial aid and the amount of aid
available until after they have already applied to colleges and universities.
For prospective first-generation college students and students from families
struggling to make ends meet, a public college education with an average annual
price tag--after federal, state, and institutional grants--of $12,000 for a
four-year college or $7,500 for two-year college is not affordable or accessible
and can discourage students from applying at all. For those who do choose to
attend college, the lack of financial aid information--as well as the high
costs--can lead to poor financial, academic, and college choice decisions.

FederalAidApplication_webfig1

In 2015, the Center for American Progress announced College for All, a radically
student-centric plan that would significantly boost college attainment rates
among students from low- and moderate-income families by ensuring that students
would be able to attend two- and four-year public institutions without having to
incur any tuition or fees while enrolled. In order to remedy financial aid
timeline inefficiencies, incentivize more students to earn postsecondary
education credentials, and promote future economic success, CAP proposes
improving the federal financial aid system by providing an early guarantee of
financial aid eligibility through the federal tax system and eliminating the
need for students to fill out additional forms in order to receive federal aid.
The early guarantee of federal financial aid would increase transparency of both
college costs and available aid, as well as incentivize students to enroll in
and complete postsecondary education, encourage robust college academic
preparation, and spur families to begin saving if possible.

While early aid notification is proposed as a component of College for All, the
recommendations in this report can and should be applied to the current
financial aid system in order to effectively streamline the aid process and
eliminate barriers such as the need for additional forms. This report also
details how Congress, under the amended Higher Education Act of 1965, could
pilot an early guarantee of aid through the previously authorized demonstration
program. The pilot would allow for an early guarantee to be tested for impacts
and outcomes on college access and completion rates, as well as troubleshoot
delivering aid through the tax system. Through College for All, aid would be
guaranteed, delivered, and repaid through the federal tax system in a more
rational and organized manner. However, even without the additional reforms
proposed under College for All, an early guarantee of aid would increase
transparency and incentivize more students to aspire to and achieve
postsecondary education.

CAP proposes the following recommendations:

Provide an early guarantee of federal financial aid: Students and families
should receive an early guarantee of available aid when the student is in the
eighth grade based on information from their federal income tax return.
Receiving federal financial aid should not require students to fill out forms
providing income data when this information is already collected and reported
through the tax system. The IRS would notify families about their eligibility
for federal financial aid before the student starts high school, and the U.S.
Department of Education would develop and provide detailed information on the
cost of college, net price, types of aid available, and repayment options.

Build a financial aid calculator that works within the IRS income tax system to
determine aid: Currently, financial aid eligibility is determined based on FAFSA
information and the formula that determines expected family contribution, or
EFC. Under College for All, students would not need to contribute anything
upfront for tuition and fees. Instead, students would be guaranteed a mix of
grants and loans depending on the family's income history. Grant aid would
target students with the greatest need in order to eliminate the psychological
barriers of preparing for college, such as worrying about costs. A new
calculator should be created that can work with IRS data points to determine the
amount of available grant aid based on multiple years of income data. The
balance of the aid would be provided in the form of loans.

Permit states and institutions to use income data for families to make a more
accurate assessment of financial need: Under the new aid system, students and
families could elect to share income information with colleges and universities
to help institutions make better and more informed decisions regarding what
types and amounts of aid to provide students.

Target and communicate tuition support and grant aid: In order for an early
guarantee of federal financial aid to be most effective, tuition support and
grant aid needs to be increased. Families need to know that the immediate cost
of college is covered. For low- and moderate-income families, it is important to
explicitly communicate how much federal aid they will receive in the form of
grants that do not have to be repaid. Grant funding should be targeted in a way
that incentivizes the most students to attend and complete a postsecondary
degree or certificate. The program could be piloted by first targeting the
neediest students who are eligible for the maximum Pell Grant award.

Pilot an early guarantee of aid already granted under current law: The Higher
Education Act of 1965, which authorized the federal student aid system, includes
an authority for a demonstration program that would allow several states to
award Pell Grants in conjunction with an information campaign targeting
low-income students in the eighth grade. The Department of Education would then
track these students through college and monitor their progress. The Obama
administration should work with Congress to have funds appropriated in order to
implement a pilot program as quickly as possible to take advantage of state tax
and benefit information systems.

The amount of financial aid available to students should be an incentive and
make the decision to attend college easier, but the complicated process of
applying for aid and a lack of information stand in the way. Together, these
recommendations would simplify and streamline the federal aid system and ensure
that it fulfills the goal of getting the students most in need to and through
college.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             803 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 2, 2014 Tuesday

Hastings Commemorates 26th Annual World AIDS Day

LENGTH: 481  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of House of Representative Alcee L.Hastings, U.S Government has issued
the following news release:

Today, Congressman Alcee L. Hastings (D-FL) made the following statement in
commemoration of World AIDS Day and AIDS Awareness Month:

"Since its establishment by the World Health Organization (WHO) in 1988, World
AIDS Day has served as a call to action and a living memorial to all those whose
lives have been lost to the disease across the globe.  According to WHO, an
estimated 39 million people have died since the first cases were reported in
1981 and 1.5 million people died of AIDS-related causes in 2013.

"In the United States, more than 1.2 million people are currently living with
HIV, with almost one in seven (14 percent) unaware of their infection.
Furthermore, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) report that
only 25 percent of Americans living with HIV are virally suppressed and
successfully making it through the HIV care continuum.  This means that about
825,000 people living with HIV are not receiving the full benefits of treatment,
and may be unknowingly passing the virus on to others.

"Treatment remains the most promising tool we have to creating an AIDS-free
generation.  Because of continued advancements in antiretroviral drugs and
efforts to link individuals to care, more people living with HIV are able to
manage the disease and lead active, productive lives.  If we can increase the
number of individuals living with HIV who are on treatment, then we can achieve
global AIDS control.

"Ultimately, however, the future is in our hands.  We know how to stop the
transmission of HIV and help people living with AIDS stay as healthy as
possible.  It starts with raising public awareness, knowing your status, and
challenging the stigma that prevents so many within our communities from
accessing the care they need.

"As we look to the start of the 114th Congress, it is imperative that we remain
committed to continuing the fight against HIV/AIDS, and address the ongoing
effects of sequestration on HIV care in the United States.  I urge my colleagues
to join me in recognizing World AIDS Day and AIDS Awareness Month, as well as
supporting vital HIV/AIDS prevention, treatment, and care programs, including
the Ryan White Program and Affordable Care Act (ACA)."

Congressman Hastings is a staunch advocate for the HIV/AIDS community and a
member of the Congressional HIV/AIDS Caucus.  He continues to support robust
funding for the President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR) and the
Global Fund, the Ryan White HIV/AIDS Program, AIDS Drug Assistance Program
(ADAP), Housing Opportunities for Persons with AIDS (HOPWA) Program, Minority
HIV/AIDS Initiative, and National AIDS Strategy, as well as HIV/AIDS research.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             804 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Assam Tribune (India)

                              May 6, 2014 Tuesday

Orphaned by AIDS: let them bloom

LENGTH: 814 words

DATELINE: Guwahati


Guwahati, May 6 -- There is no shadow of doubt that children whose parents are
living with HIV often experience many negative changes in their lives and can
start to suffer neglect, including emotional neglect, long before they are
orphaned. Once they become orphan, they may then have to adjust to a new
situation, with little or no support, and may suffer exploitation and abuse. The
loss of a parent to AIDS can have serious consequences for a child's admittance
to basic necessities such as shelter, food, clothing apart from education and
health.

There are all possibilities that children orphaned by AIDS may miss out on
school enrolment. Expenses such as school fees and school uniforms present
barriers to school attendance if the orphans' caregivers struggle to afford
these costs. On the other hand, children orphaned by AIDS may also miss out on
valuable life-skills and practical knowledge that would have been passed on to
them by their parents. Children may be more likely to face social, economic and
health problems as they grow up without knowledge and education.

Schools and institutes or centres managed by some organization can play a vital
role in improving the prospects of children orphaned by AIDS and securing their
future. A good school education can give children a higher self-esteem, better
job prospects and economic independence. Apart from lifting children out of
poverty, such education can also give the children a better understanding of HIV
and AIDS, decreasing the risk that they will become infected. Schools can also
offer benefits to children orphaned by AIDS outside of education, such as
emotional support and care. In Assam, the Assam Network of Positive People and
the Assam State AIDS Control Society along with other support organizations have
started a children home with HIV positive children. The child care home,
inaugurated in 2012, is named as Kasturi Children's Care Home, located at the
Sundarpur area of Guwahati.

To address the issues related to AIDS orphanage, an international organization
named Francois Xavier Bagnoud (FXB) having its international headquarters at
Switzerland has advocated for AIDS orphanage. One of their ideas has become an
international day for AIDS orphans. The World AIDS Orphans Day was started in
2002 by Albina du Boisrouvray, president and founder of the FXB, to draw
attention to the plight of millions of AIDS orphans and children affected by the
pandemic. In 2002, May 7 was declared as the AIDS Orphans Day at New York City.
The FXB came up with the concept of the World AIDS Orphans Day (WAOD) to draw
the international communities' attention towards the plight of children orphaned
by the HIV and AIDS epidemic as well as other children at risk. The WAOD has
sparked a growing movement which aims at influencing governments, private
corporations, humanitarian organizations and individuals to respond to the
plight of children orphaned by the HIV and AIDS pandemic. So far there are less
programmes or international organizations that advocate for the AIDS orphans.

The promoter of the day appeals to various governments that 10% of funds
allocated to the fight against AIDS are dedicated to orphans and vulnerable
children affected by the pandemic. The impact of AIDS on children is a major
humanitarian, economic, social and security challenge that must be tackled with
urgency by the global society. Though the issue of AIDS orphan is getting
attention in some part of the world, ironically there are not much statistics
about such orphans in India. It is difficult to find data or facts related to
AIDS orphans in the country. The goal six of the Millennium Development Goals
(MDGs) is to combat HIV/AIDS by the year 2015. AIDS has become one of the key
challenges for many developing countries as it has killed people directly and
affected millions indirectly.

In this regard, India is also not an exception as there are orphans in India due
to AIDS. Children who have lost one or both parents to HIV and AIDS are among
the society's most vulnerable children. These children cannot lobby or speak out
to their governments or communities as their voices are less heard. Unlike
others, these children cannot influence or reach out to the policy makers. On
the other hand, gender discrimination makes the girl child more vulnerable to
HIV transmission and makes it harder for them to get care. Many of us would be
aware of the problem but then the most important question is are we going to
care for the AIDS orphans? It may not be possible to get involved with the cause
but let us pledge that we shall not discriminate any such orphans and extend our
unconditional support according to our capacity.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Assam Tribune. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Assam Tribune (P) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             805 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                       March 10, 2014 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Rite Aid Introduces Innovative Health Alliance Program to Improve Patient
Health, Treatment Outcomes

LENGTH: 771  words


New Delhi, March 10 -- Rite Aid Corporation (NYSE:RAD) announced today a new
program, Rite Aid Health Alliance, a pioneering health management collaboration
among various healthcare providers that provides comprehensive care and support
to individuals with chronic and poly-chronic health conditions and helps them
achieve health improvement goals established by their physicians.



Rite Aid's Health Alliance integrated care model is a first for the drugstore
industry, as it uniquely leverages the combined expertise of community
pharmacists, who are one of the most accessible and trusted resources among
healthcare providers, along with specially trained in-store healthcare coaches.

Rite Aid Chairman and CEO John Standley, along with Rite Aid President and Chief
Operating Officer Ken Martindale, and Rite Aid Executive Vice President of
Pharmacy Robert Thompson, will discuss the new initiative today at 10:30 a.m. at
the Rite Aid pharmacy located at 2474 Bailey Avenue in Buffalo, N.Y. They will
be joined by Dr. Raul Vazquez, president of Greater Buffalo United Accountable
Healthcare Network and one of the first Rite Aid Health Alliance partners.

"At Rite Aid, we're committed to actively working with our customers to keep
them well and that includes developing new ways to improve access to
high-quality healthcare," said Rite Aid Chairman and CEO John Standley. "Through
our innovative Rite Aid Health Alliance program, we will help patients with the
resources and support necessary to successfully manage their conditions and
improve their overall health and wellbeing."

Through Rite Aid Health Alliance, patients with chronic and poly-chronic
conditions, like congestive heart failure, COPD, high cholesterol and diabetes,
are recommended to the program by their primary care physician. Rite Aid
pharmacists and specially trained care coaches, located in Rite Aid pharmacies,
work with the physician and patient on an on-going basis to improve the
patient's overall health and self-management abilities. The care team members
collaborate with the patient to establish health goals, eliminate barriers and
create a personalized health care action plan in coordination with the patient's
physician.

In addition to Buffalo, Rite Aid has also established Rite Aid Health Alliance
partnerships with High Point, N.C.-based Cornerstone Health Care and Glendale,
Calif.-based Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. ("ApolloMed") to provide these
services in select Rite Aid pharmacies in Greensboro and High Point, N.C., and
the greater Los Angeles area, respectively. Since its inception, Rite Aid Health
Alliance has delivered during this pilot period over 2,300 coaching visits to
almost 1,500 enrolled patients.

In these markets, Rite Aid provides the care coaches on the team through a
partnership with Health Dialog, a leading provider of healthcare patient
support, analytics and decision support. Health Dialog coaches will be available
in Rite Aid pharmacies, and specialize in behavior change to help patients
address lifestyle health issues.

"We are excited about the results of the program to date and believe it presents
a significant opportunity to deliver improved health outcomes for those who need
them most. We look forward to bringing this unique healthcare model to more Rite
Aid markets and customers in the future," Standley added.

"As a physician, I know firsthand how much patients here in Buffalo with chronic
conditions like diabetes and hypertension can benefit from having personalized
and frequent contact with their very own healthcare team," added Dr. Raul
Vazquez, president of Greater Buffalo United Accountable Healthcare Network.
"Rite Aid's Health Alliance program serves as an extension of my practice,
providing my patients with convenient access to supportive healthcare coaching
outside my office. Since partnering with Rite Aid, we're already seeing some
early improvements in the health of my patients and I am looking forward to
continued participation in this program."

The full range of services available to patients participating in Rite Aid
Health Alliance includes medication compliance support; comprehensive medication
reviews and reconciliation; nutrition and weight management information; disease
education; exercise coaching and tobacco cessation support. Records of all
interactions, which occur in Rite Aid pharmacies, as well as updates from the
physician, are stored electronically, along with patient profiles including
medications and lab results. This supports continuity of care and provides
convenient access of information to other members of the patient's healthcare
team.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             806 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                       March 10, 2014 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Rite Aid Introduces Innovative Health Alliance Program to Improve Patient
Health, Treatment Outcomes

LENGTH: 771  words


New Delhi, March 10 -- Rite Aid Corporation (NYSE:RAD) announced today a new
program, Rite Aid Health Alliance, a pioneering health management collaboration
among various healthcare providers that provides comprehensive care and support
to individuals with chronic and poly-chronic health conditions and helps them
achieve health improvement goals established by their physicians.



Rite Aid's Health Alliance integrated care model is a first for the drugstore
industry, as it uniquely leverages the combined expertise of community
pharmacists, who are one of the most accessible and trusted resources among
healthcare providers, along with specially trained in-store healthcare coaches.

Rite Aid Chairman and CEO John Standley, along with Rite Aid President and Chief
Operating Officer Ken Martindale, and Rite Aid Executive Vice President of
Pharmacy Robert Thompson, will discuss the new initiative today at 10:30 a.m. at
the Rite Aid pharmacy located at 2474 Bailey Avenue in Buffalo, N.Y. They will
be joined by Dr. Raul Vazquez, president of Greater Buffalo United Accountable
Healthcare Network and one of the first Rite Aid Health Alliance partners.

"At Rite Aid, we're committed to actively working with our customers to keep
them well and that includes developing new ways to improve access to
high-quality healthcare," said Rite Aid Chairman and CEO John Standley. "Through
our innovative Rite Aid Health Alliance program, we will help patients with the
resources and support necessary to successfully manage their conditions and
improve their overall health and wellbeing."

Through Rite Aid Health Alliance, patients with chronic and poly-chronic
conditions, like congestive heart failure, COPD, high cholesterol and diabetes,
are recommended to the program by their primary care physician. Rite Aid
pharmacists and specially trained care coaches, located in Rite Aid pharmacies,
work with the physician and patient on an on-going basis to improve the
patient's overall health and self-management abilities. The care team members
collaborate with the patient to establish health goals, eliminate barriers and
create a personalized health care action plan in coordination with the patient's
physician.

In addition to Buffalo, Rite Aid has also established Rite Aid Health Alliance
partnerships with High Point, N.C.-based Cornerstone Health Care and Glendale,
Calif.-based Apollo Medical Holdings, Inc. ("ApolloMed") to provide these
services in select Rite Aid pharmacies in Greensboro and High Point, N.C., and
the greater Los Angeles area, respectively. Since its inception, Rite Aid Health
Alliance has delivered during this pilot period over 2,300 coaching visits to
almost 1,500 enrolled patients.

In these markets, Rite Aid provides the care coaches on the team through a
partnership with Health Dialog, a leading provider of healthcare patient
support, analytics and decision support. Health Dialog coaches will be available
in Rite Aid pharmacies, and specialize in behavior change to help patients
address lifestyle health issues.

"We are excited about the results of the program to date and believe it presents
a significant opportunity to deliver improved health outcomes for those who need
them most. We look forward to bringing this unique healthcare model to more Rite
Aid markets and customers in the future," Standley added.

"As a physician, I know firsthand how much patients here in Buffalo with chronic
conditions like diabetes and hypertension can benefit from having personalized
and frequent contact with their very own healthcare team," added Dr. Raul
Vazquez, president of Greater Buffalo United Accountable Healthcare Network.
"Rite Aid's Health Alliance program serves as an extension of my practice,
providing my patients with convenient access to supportive healthcare coaching
outside my office. Since partnering with Rite Aid, we're already seeing some
early improvements in the health of my patients and I am looking forward to
continued participation in this program."

The full range of services available to patients participating in Rite Aid
Health Alliance includes medication compliance support; comprehensive medication
reviews and reconciliation; nutrition and weight management information; disease
education; exercise coaching and tobacco cessation support. Records of all
interactions, which occur in Rite Aid pharmacies, as well as updates from the
physician, are stored electronically, along with patient profiles including
medications and lab results. This supports continuity of care and provides
convenient access of information to other members of the patient's healthcare
team.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             807 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                           December 12, 2013 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Unfinished business key to Australia's aid shake-up

BYLINE: The Canberra Times

SECTION: A; Pg. B005

LENGTH: 683  words


Unfinished business key to Australia's aid shake-up A ustralia's $5billion
foreign aid program is facing great uncertainty. The government's decision to
curtail the growth of the aid budget, as well as the decision to integrate
AusAID into the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade, signals a significant
shake-up.

Change is under way, but what reforms does the aid program really need?

On Thursday, the Development Policy Centre at the Australian National University
launches the results of a ground-breaking survey that draws on the knowledge of
those who know the aid program best.

These are the non-government and contractor executives, the government and
multilateral organisation officials, the academics and consultants that partner
to deliver Australian aid. The survey results show that while these groups hold
different views on some issues, it is remarkable how much they agree on.

The 356aid experts and practitioners surveyed think that Australia's aid program
is good and improving, but they are also clear that there is an unfinished
reform agenda. Respondents are largely happy with the sectoral composition of
the aid program, and its focus on the Asia Pacific. Interestingly, given the new
government's intention to more closely align foreign aid and diplomacy, the
stakeholders surveyed indicated they thought strategic and commercial objectives
were already considered to be more important for aid than development goals. It
is questionable whether any further realignment is necessary, and if it is it
should not be hard to achieve.

Aid effectiveness is the real challenge identified by the survey.

Respondents were asked about a range of factors - 17 in all - which are known to
influence aid effectiveness and support for aid. These include being selective
and realistic, having good monitoring and evaluation, and having sufficient
staff expertise. Overall, the scores were disappointing, with only six of the
17attributes receiving a "pass mark" of at least three out of five.

Some weaknesses stood out more than others. Lack of staff continuity in the
former AusAID was a particular complaint. So was slow decision-making,
micromanagement, risk aversion, and lack of selectivity. But the main message
was that while Labor put in place a good reform agenda for improving aid
effectiveness, it fell through on its implementation, and that agenda has a long
way to run.

There are both short-term and medium-term implications for Coalition aid policy
from the survey.

In the short term, there are real risks that aid effectiveness will worsen under
current settings.

With all the corporate and strategic uncertainty now, and budget and staff cuts,
critical factors for aid effectiveness such as staff continuity, staff
expertise, and program continuity are all under threat. And areas where there
has been progress, such as transparency, might be neglected.

The AusAID and DFAT merger is now a fact of life, but budget, staffing and
structural decisions need to be made quickly and in such a way that staff and
program continuity is protected.

In the medium to long term, efforts to improve aid effectiveness need to be
redoubled. The Coalition has said it wants more effective aid, and benchmarks to
monitor aid effectiveness. Reforms should be geared towards tackling the
critical areas of weakness identified by the survey. Benchmarking these areas
through survey and administrative data will be critical for ensuring progress.

The richness of the data now available for analysis shows the value of asking
aid experts and insiders for their informed views.

Australia's aid is delivered by a partnership involving many individuals and
organisations. Those who are entrusted to deliver Australia's aid know most
intimately the day-to-day challenges that stand in the way of more effective
aid. We should listen to their views.

Professor Stephen Howes is the director of the Development Policy Centre at the
Crawford School of Public Policy, Australian National University. For more
information about the 2013 Australian aid stakeholder survey, and for the full
report, visit devpolicy.org.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TT


       Copyright 2013 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             808 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                            February 22, 2013 Friday

National: Moves to link aid with military spending could put lives at risk,
charities warn

BYLINE: Liz Ford

SECTION: GUARDIAN HOME PAGES; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 734 words


Diverting more of Britain's aid budget to military spending could put lives at
risk and be counterproductive, charities and aid groups warned yesterday.

Following David Cameron's announcement that he is "open" to spending more aid on
peacekeeping and security operations, Christian Aid said any such move could
have long-term implications.

"We would be deeply concerned about any moves to link aid with military spending
in fragile states, not least because of the risk it can pose to aid workers on
the ground. Aid diverted to 'security, peacekeeping and demobilisation' could
have long-term implications."

The charity said the "blurring of the lines" between aid workers and forces
could affect the trust of the people they are trying to help, and aid should be
"solely on the basis of need and not any political agenda".

Ashley Jackson, research fellow in the Overseas Development Institute's (ODI)
humanitarian policy group, agreed. She said: "We know from research into the
Taliban that they justify attacks on aid workers precisely because they were
seen to be working with the army. Providing aid to those who desperately need it
is no longer seen as neutral."

Adrian Lovett, Europe executive director of the advocacy group ONE, said cutting
international aid to bolster the defence budget "would be counterproductive and
is not the answer. The UK's investment in fighting global poverty is needed now
more than ever and must be focused on the needs of the poorest."

In India, the prime minister had reiterated the importance of security in the
UK's development agenda. He said he was open to "building on" the government's
"conflict pool", a funding mechanism for conflict prevention activities, managed
by the Department for International Development, the Foreign and Commonwealth
Office and the Ministry of Defence.

The pool, set up in 2000-01, covering Africa, the Middle East, south Asia,
Europe and Afghanistan, was criticised last year by the UK aid watchdog for its
lack of impact and poor management. The government's 2011 building stability
overseas strategy is expected to help to reform the pool. Downing Street said
the money would not be spent on combat operations or equipment.

Jackson, of the ODI, said aid spending on stabilisation efforts "is proven to be
one of the least effective ways of spending aid", adding: "If we are looking for
value for money and impact, then we should focus on programming that has a
proven track record of effectiveness."

The shadow development secretary, Ivan Lewis MP, said Cameron's comments were "a
cynical attempt to appease his rightwing backbenchers and another example of his
weak leadership".

He said: "Labour supports a co-ordinated approach to tackling conflict, which
brings together defence, diplomacy and development. But as Cameron's own No 10
aides have acknowledged, UK aid money can only be legitimately used for
security, demobilisation and peacekeeping. The major proportion of it must
continue to be used to alleviate poverty, improve basic services and support job
creation, all of which are central to ending conflicts everywhere.

"Cameron's attempt to suggest aid money can be used to offset deep defence cuts
is misleading and will not stand up to scrutiny."

Any shift in Britain's aid spending would have to comply with international
rules. Money can be defined as aid - or official development assistance - only
if it promotes economic development or the welfare of recipient countries.

Aid cannot be spent on military equipment or services, but can pay for the
delivery of humanitarian aid by forces. In terms of peacekeeping, it can be used
only to carry out UN-approved operations, such as election monitoring, the
rehabilitation of demobilised soldiers, weapons disposal and mine clearance.

Ben Jackson - chief executive of Bond, a body that represents NGOs - said: "UK
aid must be spent on poverty reduction and there are internationally agreed
definitions on this. We expect that the government will continue to adhere to
these guidelines and not divert any aid funding to military expenditure."

Since the coalition government came to power in 2010, it has intended to
increase the proportion of aid spent in "fragile" states. The UK is committed to
spending 30% of aid in fragile and conflict-affected states by 2014-15.

30%

The UK is committed to spending 30% of its overseas aid in 'fragile' and
conflict-affected states by 2014-15

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             809 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Telegraph (India)

                            October 29, 2012 Monday

Measures to combat AIDS

BYLINE: OUR CORRESPONDENT

LENGTH: 500  words


Kohima, Oct. 29: The government has come out with several welfare programmes for
people living with HIV under the Nagaland State AIDS Policy.

Various departments have started programmes for around 13,687 people living with
HIV in the state.

According to Nagaland State AIDS Policy, protection and promotion of human
rights and fundamental freedom for all is essential to reduce vulnerability to
HIV/AIDS. It says HIV status would not be a deterrent to employment
opportunities, right to marriage and inheritance.

Women, adolescent girls and people living with disability will be empowered to
protect themselves from the risk of HIV/AIDS infection.

Under the women development department, self-help groups (SHGs) have been set up
in 128 villages across the state for women living with HIV/AIDS. Nutritional
support to females through positive network programmes started since 2004 and
767 HIV-positive women benefited from the programme.

The transport department is considering free rides for people living with HIV/
AIDS to access treatment.

The labour department is also considering National Health Insurance Scheme for
people living with HIV/AIDS while the department of social welfare is supporting
de-addiction and rehabilitation centres.

The department of higher education has formed Red Ribbon Clubs in 57 colleges
while the home department has framed workplace policy on HIV/AIDS for police.

The department of power has printed HIV/AIDS messages on monthly bills. The
department of school education carried out programmes from Classes V to XII.

The state institute of rural development provides training to self-help groups
on HIV/AIDS and the department of information and public relations publishes a
full-page article on HIV/AIDS in the monthly newsletter, The Worrier. The
suggested scope for further collaboration are incorporation of HIV/AIDS session
in training programmes, allocation of Indira Awas Yojana schemes and
Swarnjayanti Gram Swarozgar Yojana for the people living with HIV/AIDS.

The project director of Nagaland State AIDS Control Society, N.L. Changkija,
suggested inclusion of people living with HIV/AIDS in the computer literacy
programme.

She also suggested creating HIV awareness among persons with disabilities as
they are vulnerable to HIV infection. Changkija called for integrating HIV
prevention and access to comprehensive services package into anti-trafficking
initiatives and scale up essential services of nutrition, care and support for
women and children affected and infected by HIV/AIDS.

She also suggested spread of general awareness on HIV/AIDS prevention among
students. For backward areas, she urged the department of underdeveloped areas
to include people living with HIV/AIDS in the income generation schemes.

The state AIDS policy will also set up a state-level ethical committee to review
and give necessary approval before any external agency conducts research in the
state. The state will also encourage national and foreign investment on HIV/AIDS
related research.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2012 The Telegraph (India), distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             810 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                           November 29, 2011 Tuesday

China pulls out of aid partnership

BYLINE: Mark Tranguardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 822 words

ABSTRACT

China says it is not ready to endorse a partnership for global development,
snubbing other nations attempts to forge a common front on aid

FULL TEXT

China has snubbed rich countries in their attempts to establish a world-wide
partnership on aid effectiveness, saying it is not ready to endorse a
partnership for global development.

The move put a dampener on an aid summit starting on Tuesday in South Korea to
be attended by 2,500 delegates, including Hillary Clinton, the US secretary of
state, Ban Ki-moon, the UN secretary-general, and Andrew Mitchell, the
international development secretary.

The fourth high level forum on aid effectiveness was supposed to establish
common principles in an increasingly cluttered marketplace for aid, where China,
Brazil and India now give as well as receive aid.

China had been participating in pre-conference talks that have been going for
months on a summit draft outcome document, and negotiators from OECD countries
had been hoping - naively according to some observers - that China would sign
off on a Busan agreement.

Those hopes were dashed when a Chinese official, Zhu Hong, arrived on Monday
afternoon and told Talaat Abdel-Malek, chair of the working party on aid
effectiveness that China was not ready to endorse a partnership for global
development. Brazil and India have also decided to stay outside of the
Paris-Accra-Busan framework in a blow to attempts to forge a common front on
aid.

"It's important that China start looking at these events as opportunities to
engage in the development process. They are increasingly a large player," said
one aid expert. "They need to engage, my worry is that they're not taking a
policy decision, but simply they don't have people who can make a decision. The
South Koreans have been working hard on the Chinese but there has not been much
receptivity on their part."

There is speculation that recent changes in personnel in China has left a policy
vacuum on Chinese aid and development policy. Other aid experts said China is
wary of coming on board a global partnership when it is not sure of what it is
signing up to.

"They need to to undestand it better," said one western official. "It's
disappointing, but maybe they do not want to be put in the same box as
traditional donors."

China provided about $40bn in aid over the last six decades, much of it to
African countries where Beijing has growing interest in oil, minerals and other
natural resources. The African Development Bank says there is concern that
China, India and Brazil are blurring the boundaries between aid and commercial
investment, undermining the hard-won consensus that aid should be devoted
exclusively to reducing poverty.

"China has clear positions on what it wants," said one AfDB official. "The onus
is on African countries to establish what they want."

Aid campaigners said China's reluctance to adhere to a common framework should
not be an excuse for countries such as France, Japan and the EU to backtrack on
commitments for greater transparency, aid monitoring and for ending tied aid -
the practice of tying aid to business contracts with companies from donor
countries.

"China should not put off the European Union to stand up for transparency,
rights based approaches and democratic ownership. Several EU member states have
pushed for further weakening of aid commitments on aid transparency. EU member
states are not effectively standing up for some of the basic commitments on
untying aid," said Gideon Rabinowitz of Concord, an aid campaigning group.

The conference in Busan follows on from previous summits in Paris and Accra,
that set out broad principles on aid effectiveness: ownership of aid programmes
by recipient countries, transparency, predictability and mutual accountability.
Busan is a stocktaking exercise but also an attempt to build on those principles
and to bring in the new players into a common framework.

Fragmentation of the so-called aid architecture imposes costs on poor countries
who find themselves dealing with multiple donors.

"Harmonising efforts among donors has been uneven, with overall little progress
to adopt common arrangements and procedures," said Brian Atwood, chair of chair
of the development assistance committee at the OECD, the group of rich,
countries that account for about 80% of foreign aid.

"This means developing countries continue to have to dedicate too much of their
scarce capacity to managing their partners, catering to their diverse procedures
and requirements."

Aid campaigners, however, welcomed progress on transparency at Busan.

"The decision by key donors to sign up to the International Aid Transparency
Initiative sends a great signal," said Ben Phillips, Save the Children's
campaign mobilisation director.

"Transparency from all major aid donors would be equivalent to an additional
$3bn - that's enough to immunise 350 million children against deadly diseases
such as pneumonia and meningitis."

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 Guardian Unlimited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             811 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            The Daily Star (Lebanon)

                           December 2, 2010 Thursday

Health minister says awareness still key tool in combatting spread of AIDS in
Lebanon, world

BYLINE: The Daily Star

LENGTH: 670 words


BEIRUT: Health Minister Mohammad Jawad Khalifeh said Wednesday that  tests for
detecting Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS) were  being undertaken
throughout Lebanon and that the best medications were  being offered to
patients, while adding that raising awareness was the  most important means of
combatting the disease. "The [Health] Ministry

BEIRUT: Health Minister Mohammad Jawad Khalifeh said Wednesday that tests for
detecting Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS) were being undertaken
throughout Lebanon and that the best medications were being offered to patients,
while adding that raising awareness was the most important means of combatting
the disease.

"The [Health] Ministry offers the best medications and treatment upon the orders
of specialists at the beginning of every year," he said during an event to mark
World AIDS Day which is celebrated on December 1. "These medicines are available
throughout the year and the Health Ministry has established a specialized AIDS
center for patients to have access to these medications in an organized manner,"
he added.

The patient has to present a magnetic card and fill an electronic application,
added Khalifeh, stressing that the privacy of all AIDS patients was being
protected.

However, Khalifeh emphasized the importance of raising awareness in combating
AIDS and highlighted the role of religious authorities in that field.

"The world is heading toward treating this disease through engaging in research
to come up with effective vaccinations but awareness is most important in
combating it," he said.

Khalifeh was addressing the audience of a ceremony honoring the winners of a
competition aimed at raising awareness of the rights of AIDS victims.

Awards were offered by the Health Ministry's National Program for Combating AIDS
(NPCA) on the occasion of World AIDS Day. The event took place at the
headquarters of the Order of Physicians in Beirut and was organized on the
sidelines of a four-day conference of the Lebanese Association for Bacterial
Diseases.

"Tests to detect AIDS take place throughout Lebanon and cases of infections are
still low compared to other countries because we have an active civil society,
along with media outlets and civil associations, " said Khalifeh, who noted,
however, that the "problem" of AIDS still existed in Lebanon.

"Treatment is a temporary solution and controlling AIDS does not take place
locally. Either the whole world succeeds in controlling AIDS or not," said
Khalifeh, as he noted the effects of increased immigration on the spread of
AIDS.

Mostafa Nakib, NPCA's director, said that the number of male and female victims
of the disease in Lebanon ranged between 3,000 and 5,000 cases, adding that 89
percent of AIDS patients were male.

Some "42 percent of people who have AIDS do not show symptoms, 18 percent of
AIDS patients are below 30, 30 percent are aged between 31 and 50 and 17 percent
are above 50," said Nakib.

He said the number of people affected by AIDS in 2010 was close to the numbers
recorded in 2007.

The regional director of the World Health Organization, Samir Sadiki, said that
some 33.4 million individuals were suffering from AIDS in the world.

"For every two persons who receive treatment for AIDS, another five catch the
disease, but for sure this will not mean that we will give up," said Sadiki.
"Efforts and resources dedicated to combating AIDS are bearing fruit," he added.

At the end of the event, rewards were handed out to competition winners, who
were university students.

The contest was entitled "Help and get Distinguished," and it featured an audio
or visual sketch to raise awareness of the rights of AIDS sufferers.

In other news, students at the American University of Beirut marked World AIDS
Day with a campaign entitled "Free Hugs: Hugging is really not contagious." The
campaign is an initiative aimed at expressing support with AIDS sufferers, as
well as a campaign to help combat the discrimination that victims of disease
often face. - The Daily Star

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 23


             Copyright 2010 The Daily Star - The Daily Star FZ LLC.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             812 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             July 16, 2009 Thursday

Afghan government ready to give account of aid it has spent - TV

LENGTH: 537 words


Text of report by Afghan independent Tolo TV on 15 July

[Presenter] The special agency inspecting US financial aid for Afghanistan's
reconstruction reports in a very critical tone massive waste of the aid the USA
has provided to Afghanistan. The agency adds that American aid for the
reconstruction of Afghanistan has been wasted more than expected. According to
the head of this agency, 26 cases of waste of the aid for Afghanistan are due to
be investigated. Wali Arian is reporting.

[Correspondent] There were reports about the embezzlement of international aid
for Afghanistan, but the USA now confirms that American aid for the
reconstruction of Afghanistan has been wasted in most cases. The special agency
inspecting US financial aid for Afghanistan's reconstruction, which was recently
set up by the American Congress, does not make clear how much of the aid has
been embezzled in favour of which organizations. According to this agency,
America has provided nearly 40bn dollars in aid for Afghanistan in seven years,
but some residents of Kabul city say much improvement is not seen in
Afghanistan's economy despite pouring of huge aid.

[A man, in Dari] Do you see any area of Afghanistan reconstructed and rebuilt?
Poverty has increased and people's economy has not improved.

[Another man, in Dari] They [the officials] are merely serving their own
interests and do not care about the poor.

[A young man, in Dari] Reconstruction work has been carried out in the capital
and provinces by 50 per cent and we are thankful to the international community
to some extent.

[Correspondent] Meanwhile, Afghan officials say only 6bn of the aid provided to
Afghanistan have been spent through the budget of the Afghan government and bulk
of the aid has been spent by donor countries in Afghanistan. Bulk of the aid has
apparently been wasted by international organizations and donor countries.

[Aziz Shams, the spokesman for the Ministry of Finance, in Dari] In case the aid
has been embezzled, the inspection of the donor countries will make clear after
investigating many cases of embezzlement whether the aid has been wasted or not.

[Hamed Helmi, deputy presidential spokesman, in Dari] The government is ready to
give account of the aid money provided to it. We believe huge aid money has been
wasted by the organizations that spent the aid without informing the government.

[Correspondent] On the other hand, the head of parliament's national economy
committee says assessment of Afghanistan's parliament shows that most of the aid
has been wasted by donor organizations.

[Aziz Ahmad Nadem, the chairman of parliament's national economy committee, in
Dari] There is 40 per cent corruption in government spending while 80 per cent
corruption in the spending of donor countries and the international community in
Afghanistan.

[Correspondent] Donor countries have not channelled [bulk] of its aid through
the government of Afghanistan because the latter cannot transparently spend the
aid money. According to experts, no noticeable change has been brought to
people's economy and reconstruction of the country despite massive aid provided
by various countries to Afghanistan.

Source: Tolo TV, Kabul, in Dari and Pashto 1330 gmt 15 Jul 09

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2009 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             813 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             The Observer (London)

                                  July 2, 2006

Poverty: What did the G8 achieve?: G8: One year on: Now is the time for the
world's rich to deliver on aid pledge: Charities are sceptical that G8 nations
will practise what they preach, says Angela Balakrishnan

BYLINE: Angela Balakrishnan

SECTION: OBSERVER SPECIAL SUPPLEMENT; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 759 words


'QUALITY OVER quantity' doesn't hold true when it comes to aid: both are vital.
More and better aid was one of the key promises made by the G8 but, a year on, a
child still dies from poverty every three seconds, according to Oxfam.

Twelve months may be too soon to pass judgment on the aid promises made at the
Gleneagles conference, but non-governmental organisations say the early signs
are not encouraging. Many believe that although the G8 followed through with
debt cancellation, progress on aid is much slower.

The G8 promised that by 2010 there would be an additional $50bn in aid each year
above 2004 levels. If this is honoured, then by the end of the decade rich
countries will collectively be giving 0.36 per cent of their income (GDP plus or
minus investment flows) in aid and be half-way to reaching the UN aid target of
0.7 per cent in 2013, which they agreed as long ago as 1970.

For many campaigners the aid pledge fell short of their demands to increase aid
immediately. NGOs also felt that much of this money had already been committed
and, with 25 per cent of the increase coming from non-G8 donors, they believed
the G8 could have done more.

'The situation is "the glass is half full: we did not get nothing, but we did
not get all we asked for. What they agreed to, we must ensure happens,' said
George Gelber of Cafod, the Catholic agency for overseas development. Yet as
this year's G8 summit in St Petersburg approaches, there is further scepticism.
Aid agencies are angry that governments are counting the money they have spent
on providing debt relief as part of their aid budget. Recent huge write-offs for
Nigeria and Iraq have given aid spending an artificial boost.

Oxfam's recent report on the first year after Gleneagles said: 'On the face of
it, OECD figures show that 2005 aid from the G8 has increased massively, by
$21bn, or 37 per cent over its 2004 levels, however . . . since the overwhelming
majority of the increase [80 per cent] is made up of one-off debt cancellation
deals for Iraq and Nigeria . . .the underlying trend in aid by some of the
richest countries in the G8 actually gives cause for concern.'

Other NGOs agree and have warned that aid figures will again be inflated this
year by a second tranche of debt relief for Iraq and Nigeria, leaving an aid
time bomb in 2007, when G8 countries will face a steep climb to reach the target
of doubling aid by 2010.Some campaigners say countries agreed at the Monterrey
Financing for Development conference in 2002 to ensure that the money they
provide for debt-cancellation doesn't deplete their aid budgets.

Stripping out the money used for debt relief, figures from Oxfam's report, which
used OECD data, showed that the 2005 aid budget fell for three G8 countries
including the UK, where aid fell by 2 per cent. The Treasury and the Department
for International Development, however, insist that Britain will meet its
commitments.

A DfID spokesman said: 'The debt relief versus aid argument is a false one. Debt
relief frees up money to be spent on the poor. Tanzania's debt relief paid for
31,000 new classrooms and 1,000 new schools so every child can have basic
education. Britain's aid to Africa is rising. Last year we gave over £ 1bn and
next year it will top £ 1.25bn rising by £ 1.5bn to £ 5.3bn in 2008, underlining
our commitment to deliver our G8 promises. Plus, we're the first government ever
to commit to a date to meet the UN target of providing 0.7 per cent of GDP as
aid. We've set ourselves a timetable to reach 0.7 per cent by 2013, two years
ahead of the EU target.'

Greater challenges are faced by Germany, which must more than double its aid
budget by 2010 to meet the EU target of 0.56 per cent of national income, and by
Italy, which must almost triple it. Uncertainty also surrounds when aid will be
given. Japan still has no timetable to deliver the $10bn of extra aid it pledged
at Gleneagles and it is unclear if the new, more conservative Canadian
government will increase aid.

The Gleneagles deal

* To increase aid to $130bn a year by 2010 (an extra $50bn globally). Half of
that to go to Africa, doubling aid to the continent.

* To provide 100 per cent cancellation of debts owed to the International
Monetary Fund and World Bank. Initially, the agreement covers 19 countries, but
it could eventually include up to 43, and cost $50bn.

* To deliver an 'ambitious and balanced conclusion' to the Doha round of global
trade talks, as 'the best way to make trade work for Africa and increase African
countries' integration into the global economy'.


LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             814 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                             April 24, 2006 Monday

Law: Poor suffering most as legal aid 'is scraped to the bone' say judges

BYLINE: Clare Dyer, Legal editor

SECTION: GUARDIAN HOME PAGES; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 613 words


Hundreds of judges from the court of appeal downwards have accused the
government of "emasculating" civil legal aid, threatening access to justice for
the poor and vulnerable.

They say ministers have allowed legal aid for criminal, family and asylum cases
to swell unchecked, squeezing the funds for helping disadvantaged people with
ordinary legal problems such as debt and housing.

They also blame the legal aid authorities for wasting money by funding many
"hopeless" attempts to appeal against asylum decisions.

In a strongly-worded contribution to a review of how legal aid services are
bought, commissioned by the government from the Labour peer Lord Carter of
Coles, the judges say civil legal aid has been "scraped to the bone over the
last 10 years".

The response comes from the judiciary as a whole - from court of appeal down to
district judges - apart from the 12 law lords. They point out that the budget
for civil aid, which helps poor and vulnerable people with everyday legal
problems, has been slashed from £378m in 1995-96 - the year before Labour came
to power - to £210m in 2004-05.

In the same period, family legal aid went up from £373m to £452m and asylum aid
soared from £24m to £148m.

The judges express fears that the "emasculation" of civil legal aid, coupled
with lawyers' pay rates which have been pegged for the last 10 years, will
prevent vulnerable people from accessing the legal services they need.

The judges blame both Labour and the previous Tory administration for
introducing initiatives in the justice system with no regard for the knock-on
effects on the legal aid budget. "There can be no doubt that our civil legal aid
system has been brought to its knees in the last 20 years because successive
government initiatives in the fields of criminal justice, family justice, and
justice for asylum seekers did not take account of the legal aid costs of those
initiatives," they say.

"The budget for civil legal aid has been eroded continuously over the years
because of the uncontrolled and swelling demands of the criminal, family and
asylum legal aid budgets."

They argue that legal aid is given too readily in hopeless challenges to
official decisions, including asylum cases, because those granting the funding
lack expertise in the law.

Oral applications to the appeal court, after the court has refused permission on
paper for an appeal against an asylum decision, are usually funded by legal aid,
despite a success rate of only 3%, they note.

Administrative court judges, who hear judicial review applications, are "very
familiar" with cases in which it is unclear why the legal aid authorities had
granted aid for representation in court, the judges say.

The success rate in judicial review cases where a litigant is refused permission
to apply on paper and then requests an oral hearing is only 16%, yet many of
these cases are funded by legal aid.

A spokeswoman for the Department for Constitutional Affairs said the aim of the
lord chancellor, Lord Falconer, was to rebalance spending to provide a larger
share for civil legal aid.

The legal services commission (LSC), which administers legal aid, said spending
on asylum legal aid had fallen dramatically in recent years and was projected to
be £110m in 2005-06 and £88m in 2006-07.

An LSC spokesman said: "The reduction is due to a combination of the major
reforms introduced by the LSC and the significant reduction in the number of
people seeking asylum.

"We do not accept the judiciary's view that legal aid is given too readily in
'hopeless' cases and would welcome further input from them together with details
of any cases they considered 'hopeless' so that we may make further inquires."

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             815 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                              May 22, 2005 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

CAN YOU HEAR ME NOW? Stigma disappearing from wearing hearing aid

BYLINE: DONNA CALLEA - STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SECTION E; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 1640  words

DATELINE: DAYTONA BEACH


DAYTONA BEACH The stigma is decreasing. Technology is improving. And the
customer base is increasing as baby boomers many now in their 50s and beyond
begin to concede that their ears, like other parts of their bodies, may need
some enhancement. To hear or not to hear is no longer the question for many
people. But buying a big ticket item like a hearing aid small enough to be
barely noticeable, yet powerful enough to make a lifestyle difference can be
confusing for consumers.

Digital hearing devices cost $400 to $4,000 each. Utilizing sophisticated
computer chips, the more advanced instruments can help people make up for their
loss in ways that were unheard of when all aids did was amplify sound. Still,
it's hardly a case of one size or kind suits all. Government and industry
experts caution that unless consumers get the right instrument for their needs
from someone competent and reliable who provides good follow-up services, an
expensive aid mightup in the drawer rather than in the ear. In Florida, hearing
aids can be purchased from either audiologists or licensed hearing aid
specialists. Audiologists are health care professionals who typically have six
years of college education, culminating in a master's degree in audiology. Their
training includes clinical experience and graduate course work in such areas as
anatomy, physiology, communication, assessment and treatment of hearing loss.
Some audiologists go on to earn doctorate degrees in their field. Licensed
hearing aid specialists don't need to attend college. The state requires them to
have high school diplomas and six months of on-the-job training before being
tested for a license. In addition, they have to take continuing education
courses. Some also receive certification from a national board of hearing
instrument specialists. Hearing aid centers run by audiologists and licensed
hearing aid specialists abound locally. Over the past few years, however, a
multinational hearing aid company has expanded its network in Volusia and
Flagler counties, and now the majority of local hearing aid retailers here
audiologists and hearing aid specialists alike are affiliated with Sonus or its
Italian-based parent company, Amplifon. Until recently, the nonprofit Easter
Seal Society of Volusia & Flagler Counties also sold hearing aids. But that
agency discontinued hearing services to adults this year, and callers are now
referred to three area audiologists. Debi Zarajczyk is one of them. An
audiologist for 25 years, she worked for Easter Seals before opening her own
practice in Ormond Beach 12 years ago, which remains independent. Though
approached by Sonus, she said she opted not to join the network because she
didn't want an outside corporate entity influencing her business practices or
"giving me my marketing tools." Zarajczyk said she gets many of her referrals
from two local ear, nose and throat physicians, who rely on audiologists to do
evaluations. Business has been so brisk at her office she recently hired a
part-time hearing aid specialist to help with fittings and follow-up visits,
although she does all evaluations herself. It's important, Zarajczyk stressed,
for those experiencing hearing loss to first have their ears checked by a
doctor, "to make sure there's nothing medically wrong." People also may have a
build up of earwax that could prevent proper testing. Audiologists unlike
hearing aid specialists are allowed to remove the wax, although Zarajczyk said
she prefers to have a physician do it. But for most people it's simple wear,
tear and aging of the delicate inner workings of the ear that cause hearing
loss. One of the major culprits is loud noise, which over time can cause
sensory-neural damage. People who've worked around loud machinery may be
vulnerable. And some members of the original rock 'n' roll generation are now
starting to pay the price in middle age for liking their music extra loud. "I do
see a lot more of them," Zarajczyk said of baby boomers. "The stigma (of getting
a hearing aid) is not as great as it used to be," she added. The kind of device
a person ultimately decides upon depends on his or her "hearing loss, lifestyle
and pocketbook," according to the audiologist, who notes that for most people
it's an expense not covered by insurance. Dan Allen of Allen Hearing Center in
Daytona Beach, said keeping prices as low as possible while providing good
service has given him an edge over centers affiliated with big corporations. The
business is "unbelievably competitive," noted the independent licensed hearing
aid specialist. But "the little guy can sometimes beat the big corporation," he
said. Allen also contended that licensed hearing aid specialists are just as
qualified to sell hearing aids as audiologists. "It all comes down to the
individual," he said. "We all use the same testing techniques, the same
equipment, the same manufacturers." Audiologists, however, counter that their
professional education makes them best qualified to evaluate hearing loss and
offer the most knowledgeable service. "There are a lot of good and honest
hearing aid specialists," conceded Joe Luckett, a practicing audiologist for 28
years. And it's "legal and honest to carry a hearing aid license." But the
difference in training is evident, according to Luckett, who has eight years of
college education, including a doctorate in audiology from the University of
Florida. "It makes sense," he said, for consumers to seek out people with the
"maximum amount of training, expertise and experience." The Daytona Beach
audiologist doesn't object, however, to being part of the same corporate network
as hearing aid specialists. Six months ago Luckett became one of 1,600 Sonus
affiliates in the United States and Canada in order to take advantage of its
discount purchasing from manufacturers and other benefits. In 2002, Sonus was
acquired by the Italian-based Amplifon Group, the largest distributor of hearing
aids in the world. Amplifon also owns Miracle Ear, a hearing aid brand sold in
Sears stores. "The thing I tell people is you can get a good hearing aid just
about anywhere," said Robert Morrison, a licensed hearing aid specialist with
Audio Arts Hearing Aid Centers, which has offices in Ormond Beach and New Smyrna
Beach, and is now also part of Sonus. "Find a person you can trust to deal
with," he said. "People should go to a couple of different vendors, audiologists
or hearing aid specialists," suggests Allen. "They should shop around." For Bill
DeNoon, who splits his time between Ormond Beach and Ohio, just acknowledging he
had a hearing problem was the biggest step. "My wife was saying you better get a
hearing aid. My kids were saying it. My grandkids were saying it." He ended up
getting a high-tech model from Zarajczyk that's so tiny it's virtually invisible
when it's in his ear. But he knows it's there. "I can hear fairly well," DeNoon
said during a recent check up and adjustment in the audiologist's office. "I
notice a difference." Types of Aid There are several types of hearing aids,
offering different advantages, depending on size, levels of amplification and
design.*In-the-Ear, or ITE, hearing aids fit completely in the outer ear and are
used for mild to severe hearing loss. The case, which holds the components, is
made of hard plastic. ITE aids can be damaged by earwax, and their small size
can cause adjustment problems and feedback.*Behind-the-Ear, or BET, hearing aids
are worn behind the ear and are connected to a plastic piece that fits inside
the outer ear. The components are contained in a case behind the ear. A poor fit
or buildup of earwax or fluid can cause feedback or whistling
sounds.*In-the-Canal, or ITC, hearing aids are customized to fit the size and
shape of the ear canal and are used for mild or moderately severe hearing
loss.*Completely-in- Canal, or CIC, hearing aids are concealed in the ear canal
and used for mild to moderately severe hearing loss. Because of their small
size, canal aids may be difficult for the user to adjust and remove. Canal aids
also can be damaged by earwax and ear drainage. The inside mechanisms of hearing
aids can vary among devices, even if theyre the same style. The types of
circuitry used include: *Analog/Adjustable. The laboratory builds the aid to
meet certain specifications. This type of circuitry is the most basic and
usually the least expensive.*Digital/Programmable. The hearing aid is programmed
on a computer and sound quality and response time can be adjusted. Digital
hearing aids use a microphone, receiver, battery and computer chip. Those that
provide the most flexibility for computerized adjustments are typically the most
expensive.SOURCE: National Institute on Deafness and Other Communication
DisordersListen UpThe Federal Trade Commission, Food and Drug Administration and
state law all play a role in how hearing aids are dispensed in Florida. The
state also mandates minimum testing procedures and equipment used. The following
are some government suggestions for consumers and requirements for dispensers:*A
person selling a hearing aid in Florida must give the buyer a 30-day trial
period and money-back-guarantee. Cancellation fees cant exceed 5 percent of
total charge of the hearing aid.*The FTC can take action against companies that
mislead or deceive consumers.*The FDA requires that dispensers obtain a written
statement from the patient that his or her ears have been medically evaluated by
a licensed physician and that the patient is cleared for fitting with a hearing
aid.*The National Institute on Deafness and Other Communication Disorders (part
of the National Institutes of Health) recommends that people with hearing loss
first see their own physician, who can then refer them to an otolaryngologist
(ear, nose and throat specialist) or audiologist.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Caption: Photo 1: Audiologist Debi Zarajczyk looks in the ear of
patient Bill DeNoon in an examining room at her office in Ormond Beach.
Zarajczyk says people who suffer from hearing loss should check with their
physician first to make sure there is nothing medically wrong.Photo 2: Hearing
patient Bill DeNoon holds his hearing aid, an In-the-Ear one, in his hand along
with a dime to show the relative size of it during a visit to his audiologist,
Debi Zarajczyk. News-Journal/ NIGEL COOK

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2005 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2005 News-Journal Corporation


                             816 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Ledger (Lakeland, Florida)

                             May 21, 2002, Tuesday

NEW AIDS CASES IN POLK DOWN IN 2001; BUT THE NUMBER OF NEWLY REPORTED HIV CASES
INCREASED FOR A SECOND YEAR IN A ROW.

BYLINE: ROBIN WILLIAMS ADAMS The Ledger

SECTION: Metro; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 665 words


BARTOW -- Polk County had 78 new AIDS cases reported in 2001, the third decrease
in a row, and within three cases of the low of 75 cases in 1992.

The county's number of newly reported HIV cases increased, for the second year
in a row, going from 98 cases in 2000 to 113 cases in 2001. HIV is the condition
preceding AIDS.

Statewide, the Florida Department of Health reported more new cases of AIDS and
HIV in 2001, ending a seven-year decline in AIDS cases.

Spencer Lieb, a department epidemiologist, said it's too soon to know the
significance of the increase in AIDS cases.

"We will be monitoring (reported cases) over the next year to see if this is a
blip or if it reflects some trend," Lieb said.

Possibilities to be considered include whether people are coming for testing
later in their infection and whether the benefits of highly successful HIV
treatments have peaked. The success of HIV treatments in suppressing the virus
and delaying people's progression into AIDS means more people are living with
HIV who are at risk of eventually developing AIDS, he said.

When the AIDS epidemic began, almost everyone infected with HIV eventually
developed AIDS. Powerful drug combinations released in the mid-1990s began
suppressing the virus, however, delaying or preventing people from progressing
into AIDS.

How long the drugs can maintain that effect is uncertain.

The increase in people being diagnosed with HIV pleases Dr. Daniel Haight,
director of the Polk County Health Department.

"That's good," he said. "The more we can find, the more we can get treatment to
and prevent AIDS from even occurring."

Florida began recording numbers of people with HIV in mid-1997 to get a clearer
picture of future trends in the AIDS epidemic.

Comparing racial and sexual percentages of AIDS and HIV cases, two trends have
been consistent for the past few years:

Women represent a growing number of people infected with the virus.

Blacks are being affected by AIDS and HIV at a greater rate than their
percentage in the population would predict.

Women were 29 percent of new AIDS cases in Florida in 2001. They were 36 percent
-- more than 1-in-3 -- of new HIV cases that year.

In Polk County, the figures are 29 percent and 49 percent. In other words,
almost half of newly reported HIV in Polk County for 2001 was in women.

Denise Allegro, a registered nurse who works with the Polk Health Department's
HIV/AIDS clinic, said education has led more women to be tested and more
community groups to get involved in fighting AIDS.

"There is more awareness," she said. "We're doing more testing in the
community."

Blacks, about 15 percent of Florida's population, were 53 percent of AIDS cases
reported in 2001. Whites were 31 percent and Hispanics 16 percent.

Blacks were 54 percent of HIV cases. Whites were 28 percent, and Hispanics 17
percent. The other 1 percent were Asian, Indian or unknown.

In Polk County, blacks were 55 percent of new AIDS cases and 59 percent of new
HIV cases in 2001. More black women than black men in Polk were reported with
HIV in Polk that year.

Statewide, black women were 39 percent of new AIDS cases among blacks and 47
percent of new HIV cases among blacks in 2001.

Among whites, women were 16 percent of new AIDS cases and 21 percent of new HIV
cases. Among Hispanics, women were 20 percent of new AIDS cases and 24 percent
of new HIV cases.

Women diagnosed with HIV often are concerned about the impact on having
children.

"They have to walk through the issues with pregnancy to determine if that is
going to be right for them," Allegro said.

Although new treatments for HIV reduce the risk of having an infected child,
some risk remains, she said.

With men and women, mental-health counseling is important. Allegro said she
would like to see more counseling available countywide for people who can't
afford private counseling.

"Acceptance and learning to live with the disease helps one keep a

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2002 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                             817 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                THE KOREA HERALD

                          December 29, 1999, Wednesday

Misunderstandings about AIDS

BYLINE: By Sanjeev Sharma

LENGTH: 587 words



Recently, we celebrated AIDS awareness day. Perhaps, AIDS is the only disease
that still has no medical cure. AIDS originated, many believe, from monkeys in
southern Africa and very soon became a horror for humankind. Many people don't
know the meaning of AIDS, but they know that it is the worst disease and they
don't want to have anything to do with AIDS patients. In many countries around
the world that are not aware of the causes of AIDS, many people believe that it
is a social evil as it is caused by sexual relations. But the truth is far
beyond that. Of course, sexual relations with more than one man or woman without
protective measures can cause AIDS. But this is not the only way it is
transmitted. There are numerous other causes of AIDS.

Two years ago, a medical hospital nearby India's capital city of New Delhi,
treated several patients for fever who also tested HIV-positive. Somehow the
news leaked out to the media. The patients were from a nearby village and they
believed that AIDS meant a bad name for their whole family and they did not have
long to live. They immediately left the hospital for their homes and refused to
allow a medical team to check them further.

The reason the villagers ran away both from the hospital and doctors was that
they thought AIDS meant that some member of their family had got it through
sexual relations. But they were not aware of the other ways that AIDS is
transmitted. Many people living in villages are not aware of the fact that AIDS
can be caused by non-sterile needles and the blood transfusions. Poor conditions
in the medical facility might have transmitted the virus also. But the people
didn't understand that and refused to allow doctors to treat their illness.

The New Delhi case was rare in that it appeared on the news. But how many cases
are there that go unnoticed? And how many people carry the deadly virus of AIDS
in silence? For many people AIDS means a bad name for them and that they will be
shunned by society. AIDS is a deadly threat to us all, so we all have to fight
against it by educating the masses about the causes and harm of AIDS. If we shun
those people who are in need of help, we'll find ourselves helpless in fighting
against this devil. When the news of some villagers of that family with some
HIV-positive members flashed in the newspapers, many people came to know their
identities. The family was then treated as pariahs socially and the man engaged
to their daughter refused to marry her. He refused to marry her not because she
was carrying the HIV-virus, but simply because she belonged to that family.
Eventually, they were made to flee the village. They felt ashamed of themselves
because of AIDS and fled the village in the darkness of night.

Medical doctors are tying hard to cure this deadly disease. But we must remember
that behind any achievement, the courage and cooperation of people and society
play an important role. And to achieve victory against AIDS, which is a
challenge both to the medical professionals as well as to our society, we must
all shoulder our responsibility by extending our moral support to the victims of
AIDS. My brother, who is a doctor, told me that medical professionals can only
succeed with the support of the people behind them. Every one of us should play
the roles assigned to us. We should make people aware of AIDS and should
eradicate the persistent misunderstandings that cause harm to AIDS victims.

The writer works for Samsung Electro-Mechanics. - Ed.


LOAD-DATE: December 28, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Copyright 1999 The Korea Herald


                             818 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 19, 1999, Monday, FIRST EDITION

Africa AIDS crisis becomes a higher priority for U.S. Gore to announce today
doubling of prevention and treatment funding

BYLINE: Steve Sternberg

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 1268 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- President Clinton hardly mentioned AIDS in Africa
during his 12-day, six-nation tour of the troubled continent this
spring to promote economic development.

Likewise, the Clinton-backed Africa Growth and Opportunity Act,
which passed Congress last week, didn't address the continent's
leading killer.

Vice President Gore's planned announcement today -- that the White
House will double funding for global AIDS prevention and treatment
to $ 200 million next year -- represents an increased administration
commitment. Almost two-thirds of that funding will be spent in
sub-Saharan Africa, administration officials say.

"We have to look for ways to do more; otherwise the continent
will be consumed by AIDS," Clinton told USA TODAY last month,
after he instructed officials throughout government to find money
for the initiative.


Daniel Zingale, director of the lobbying group AIDS Action, hailed
the new initiative as "terrific."

"This means that the U.S. recognizes that AIDS threatens to bring
down entire nations in Africa and is responding," Zingale said
Sunday.

White House officials say that Clinton and Gore long have been
aware of AIDS' killing spree in sub-Saharan Africa, the epicenter
of an epidemic that afflicts at least 33 million people worldwide.

Clinton said he decided to act after receiving updates on fact-finding
missions to the region by Sandra Thurman, director of the White
House Office of National AIDS Policy. Her reports from those trips
offer a glimpse of countries ravaged by the epidemic. Since 1981,
AIDS has killed 11.5 million Africans, 83% of the world's AIDS
death toll. Another 22.5 million Africans are infected with the
AIDS virus, and 16,000 more people become infected each year.

As the deaths add up, so will the population of orphans, experts
say. Over the next 10 years, nearly 40 million children -- a population
equivalent to all of the U.S. children east of the Mississippi
River -- will lose one or both parents.

"Turning a blind eye to this crisis is no different than turning
a blind eye to Kosovo or turning a blind eye to (World War II)
Germany, and the numbers in this crisis are worse than anything
we've seen in those horror shows put together," Thurman says.

Yet for two decades, the world and even the afflicted nations
have done little to curb the epidemic.

Just three months ago, Peter McDermott, a UNICEF official working
in Zambia, railed at what he regards as the global "conspiracy
of silence" shrouding AIDS in sub-Saharan Africa.

"If the same numbers of people dying daily were to occur in a
so-called humanitarian emergency, we would be fully mobilized
with planes, supplies, media attention, etc.," he wrote recently
in a memo to his superiors. "Yet there seems to be no passion,
no anger, no outcry."

Ambassador Stephen Lewis, UNICEF's director, says the agency's
stance has begun to change. "The commitment to do something about
HIV/AIDS is accelerating by the day," he says. "Where the pandemic
is worst, east and southern Africa, it is our absolute highest
priority."

Even AIDS activists in the USA, who for years have pressed the
government to focus first on the crisis at home, have turned their
attention to the epidemic abroad. In April, AIDS Action dispatched
dozens of activists to the Capitol to lobby for funds to fight
the global epidemic.

Peter Piot, director of UNAIDS, the United Nation's AIDS program,
says the Clinton administration's initiative could prompt other
donor countries to step up their global AIDS efforts. "The U.S.
is a major trendsetter in the world," he said last week in an
interview. The White House initiative is one of several under
way in the United States and abroad. Among the others:

-- The Rev. Leon Sullivan, organizer of the African-African American
Summit held in May in Accra, Ghana, announced at the meeting that
he is launching a 10-year program to help countries curb their
AIDS epidemics and selecting two countries as test cases.

-- On March 3, then-South African President Nelson Mandela, who
had been largely silent on AIDS, appealed for a major campaign
to curb the spread of the killer disease. He said AIDS is "eroding
the fabric of our society and jeopardizing the reconstruction
and development of our country." Mandela's successor, Thabo Mbeki,
has added that the disease is likely to curb the nation's economic
growth significantly.

-- Former representative Ron Dellums, D-Calif., in April proposed
launching a $ 400 million "AIDS Marshall Plan" to provide money
for basic medical care, though not expensive new drugs. The government
and a consortium of drug companies each would provide half of
the funding. Rep. Barbara Lee, D-Calif., soon plans to submit
legislation that, if passed, would finance Dellum's Marshall Plan.

-- Bristol Myers Squibb announced May 6 that the company will
contribute $ 100 million to fight HIV in five sub-Saharan nations.

-- In May, a Johns Hopkins University researcher based in Zambia,
Paul Zeitz, and colleagues from Harvard proposed that Zambia be
relieved of a portion of the interest owed for loans from the
World Bank and International Monetary Fund, provided that the
savings is spent on AIDS programs.

One month later, the wealthy members of the G7 group of governments
voted to support an effort to reduce interest rates for "heavily
indebted poor countries." The G7 is made up of the United States,
Germany, Japan, France, Britain, Italy and Canada.

The initiative is designed to free up funds for health, child
survival and AIDS prevention.



5,500 sub-Saharan deaths a day

Key findings from the Report on the Presidential Mission on
Children Orphaned by AIDS in sub-Saharan Africa, being released
by the White House today:

-- Deaths resulting from AIDS in sub-Saharan Africa will soon
surpass the 20 million people in Europe who died in the plague
of 1347.

-- Over the next decade, AIDS will kill more people in sub-Saharan
Africa than the total number of casualties in all wars of the
20th century.

-- Each day, 5,500 in the region die of AIDS-related causes.
By 2005, the daily death toll will reach 13,000.

-- There are nearly 600,000 new infections each year among African
babies. Nine of every 10 infants infected with HIV at birth or
through breastfeeding live in sub-Saharan Africa.

-- In nine sub-Saharan countries, from one-fifth to one-third
of children will lose one or both parents to AIDS this year.

-- In Lusaka, Zambia, 100,000 children are estimated to be living
on the streets, most of them orphaned by AIDS. By next year, 1
million children in Zambia, or one out of three, will have lost
one or both parents.

-- In large part as a result of AIDS, infant mortality will double
and child mortality will triple over the next decade in many areas
of sub-Saharan Africa.

-- AIDS has reduced life expectancy in Zambia to 37 years from
56. In the next few years, AIDS will reduce life expectancy in
South Africa by one-third, to 40 years from 60.

-- Over the next 20 years, AIDS is estimated to reduce by one-fourth
the economies of sub-Saharan Africa.

-- In Malawi and Zambia, 30% of teachers are HIV positive. In
Zambia, 1,500 teachers died of AIDS-related causes in 1998.

-- By 2005, AIDS deaths in Asia will mirror those in Africa.
Asia will account for one out of every four infections worldwide
by the end of the year. In India, rates of infection are expected
to double every 14 months.


LOAD-DATE: July 19, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Jym Wilson, USA TODAY; In Uganda: White House AIDS policy
director Sandra Thurman meets Rovina Ndagire, 65, and some of her grandchildren
during a fact-finding mission in February. Ndagire cares for 11 grandchildren
whose parents died from HIV-related causes.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             819 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Ledger (Lakeland, Florida)

                         September 30, 1998, Wednesday

POLK AIDS DEATHS CONTINUE DECLINE; WITH 43 DEATHS IN 1997, THE DEATH RATE
LOCALLY HAS FALLEN THREE YEARS IN A ROW.

BYLINE: ROBIN WILLIAMS ADAMS The Ledger

SECTION: News; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 663 words


LAKELAND -- Fewer funerals were held.

Combinations of expensive, powerful AIDS drugs let more people live longer.

AIDS deaths in Polk County went down for the third year in a row, with 43 deaths
in 1997, compared with 62 the previous year, 70 in 1995 and a high of 94 in
1994.

Statewide figures are equally encouraging: There were 1,879 known AIDS deaths
last year, down substantially from 3,093 in 1996.

Similar shifts are reported nationwide, with deaths dropping 44 percent in the
first half of 1997. National totals for the full year aren't available.

"Everybody in the country's crossing their fingers the decline is going to
continue," said Spencer Lieb, epidemiologist with the Florida Department of
Health's Bureau of HIV/AIDS.

The number of newly reported AIDS cases also is down. Some of that reflects how
new drugs delay HIV-infected people from reaching full AIDS.

"What it means is not that the epidemic is going away, but that people are
living longer before progressing to full AIDS," Lieb said.

Some infected people feel well enough to return to work. But they are afraid of
what will happen if the drugs become ineffective and they have lost their
disability benefits because of working.

"The difficult thing for us is trying to help our clients decide whether to go
back to work," said Melba Dix, who supervises AIDS case workers for the Polk
County Health Department.

"They're afraid."

That's AIDS in the late 1990s -- new hopes and new fears.

Some people want to believe the new drugs are a cure, but they aren't. The drugs
can give people more time, but researchers don't know how long they will stay
effective.

"When patients start on the triple meds, they do so well, then after a while
they don't," said Gloria Barnes, who tracks AIDS and HIV cases locally for the
Polk County Health Department. "They start getting the opportunistic infections
and their viral load shoots into the millions."

Some patients don't do well on the drug combinations, called drug cocktails,
often because of side effects or being unable to maintain the complex routines.

HIV patients are likely to take 20 pills a day, although a new once-a-day
medicine, Sustiva, got Food and Drug Administration approval Sept. 18.

People continue getting infected with HIV, human immunodeficiency virus, and
becoming sick enough to have full-blown AIDS.

In 1997, 107 Polk County residents were diagnosed with AIDS, 14 fewer than in
1996, but five more than in 1995. Another 74 were added through August of this
year.

Polk County has had 1,052 residents diagnosed with AIDS since the disease began.
Barnes estimated about half of those are still alive.

Throughout Florida, the total through August was 68,261. More than 3,000 of them
were diagnosed January through August, according to the Department of Health
Bureau of HIV/AIDS.

"With the decline in AIDS cases and decline in AIDS deaths, the number of people
living with AIDS is increasing," Lieb said.

That means increasing demand for treatment, including the drug combinations,
which strain the budgets of AIDS programs.

"Our dollars are limited and these medications are very expensive," Barnes said.
"It does not take long to run out of money."

FEWER DIE OF AIDS

AIDS deaths were down for the third year in a row in Polk County and the second
in a row for Florida and the number of Florida residents dianosed with AIDS
continues to drop. New drug treatments allow more people who become infected
with HIV (human immunodeficiency virus) to live longer before reaching full
AIDS.

NEW AIDS CASES

YEAR FLORIDA POLK

1990 3,833 60

1991 5,484 78

1992 8,579 76

1993 10,390 180

1994 8,457 125

1995 8,040 102

1996 7,244 121

1997 5,941 107


DEATHS

YEAR FLORIDA POLK

1990 2,239 33

1991 2,725 54

1992 3,098 57

1993 3,492 52

1994 4,142 94

1995 4,336 70

1996 3,093 62

1997 1,879 43

SOURCE: Florida Department of Health's Bureau of HIV/AIDS


LOAD-DATE: September 30, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MARK WILLIAMS/The Ledger: Chart

             Copyright 1998 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                             820 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                 July 1, 1998, Wednesday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

Editorials;
U.S. can fight harder against AIDS

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 18A

LENGTH: 490 words


The public has heard a lot of good news about AIDS lately. Most notable has been
the success of "drug cocktails" --- three or more medicines taken together ---
in fighting the HIV virus, which destroys the immune system. Such drug regimens
enable AIDS sufferers to live longer. When most people think of AIDS these days,
they think of retired basketball star Magic Johnson, who looks happy and healthy
seven years after testing positive for the AIDS virus.

But there's much less magic, or even good news, in the worldwide portrait of
AIDS drawn this week at the 12th World AIDS Congress in Geneva. The scientific
and medical advances that are making AIDS a manageable illness in developed
nations are not stemming the epidemic in Third World countries, where 95 percent
of the planet's infected people live. Of the 600,000 infants a year who come
into the world already infected, 90 percent are born in Africa. Africa remains
the hardest-hit continent. In some areas, 70 percent of the population is
infected.

Poverty explains why Third World nations cannot match the gains that
industrialized countries are making in the fight against AIDS. The most
effective anti-AIDS drugs cost hundreds of dollars a day, far beyond the reach
of people whose average income is a few dollars a month. And governments in
poorer countries don't have the resources to mount educational programs to
promote safe sex and other AIDS prevention techniques.

Even though AIDS' most tragic toll is taken in poor countries, the disease
infects more people and takes more lives than it should in the richest nation in
the world, the United States. As U.S. Surgeon General David Satcher forthrightly
told the AIDS congress, "Frankly, we have some way to go" when it comes to
dealing with AIDS in a realistic way. As Satcher said, we can't be squeamish
about advertising condoms on TV or funding needle exchange programs when we know
these are ways to prevent the spread of AIDS. Abstinence is one way, but it
cannot credibly be the only way to protect our young people from AIDS when we
know that many will be sexually active no matter what we say to them.

And a community can't allow people to die because it fears the stigma of a
deadly disease. African-Americans make up a disproportionate share of the new
AIDS cases in this country, yet none of the large, mainstream minority
organizations has made fighting AIDS a priority. They view AIDS as a disease of
homosexuals and intravenous drug abusers, and they don't want "those people"
associated with the black community.

Well, many of "those people" are members of the black community. They should not
be further ostracized. Those already infected should be embraced and helped.
Those who are at risk should be educated about how to protect themselves.

Unlike many nations of the world, we have the resources to fight AIDS. Any
failure to do so because we lack will and compassion is shameful.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Metro Final

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                             821 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              DAILY MAIL (London)

                                  May 15, 1998

Why I now reluctantly believe that Western aid is often responsible for the very
misery it tries so hard to cure;
ANN LESLIE CONCLUDES HER DISPATCHES ON KOREA'S TRAGEDY WITH AN INDICTMENT OF THE
AID AGENCIES

BYLINE: Ann Leslie

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 1599 words


YOU'VE got to hand it to us Brits.

We're a generous lot. In fact, as private individuals, we are the most generous
aid-givers in Europe. Show us pictures of starving babies sucking helplessly at
the shrivelled breasts of their mothers and we'll react instantly. A civilised
response indeed.

It doesn't matter how obscure the country, how remote it may be from our lives,
if children are suffering, we want to help. Ethiopia, Somalia, Bosnia, Sudan . .
. the list goes on.

And the generosity goes on: little sign yet of major 'compassion fatigue'.

Everyone admires the numerous (and, in truth, bitterly competing) aid agencies
which, with their glossily-produced starving-baby pictures, so expertly tug on
our heartstrings - and our purses. Aid workers are the secular saints of modern
society, never to be criticised openly, their motives and behaviour never to be
questioned. And individual aid workers I've met all over the world are, indeed,
among the most saintly and heroic human beings around.

But aid agencies as such? I'm not so sure. Journalists, despite their private
doubts about them, rarely criticise them publicly: after all, they often provide
us with transport and access, and supply us with 'good' (ie harrowing) pictures
in difficult-to-get-at parts of the world. We get the story, the agencies get
the funds: a benign conspiracy.

But is it so benign? After long experience in some of the most benighted corners
of the world, I'm reluctantly coming to the conclusion that, in the long run,
the 'secular saints' of aid often end up perpetuating the very miseries they're
there to cure.

WHAT causes famine? It is rarely drought, floods or harvest failure in
themselves. What makes it impossible to deal with such natural disasters is
civil war, corrupt regimes and crackpot economic policies.

A poor country which respects its own people can often avoid mass starvation, no
matter what the weather conditions. In the Eighties, Botswana endured years of
drought, but no one starved, no dying Botswanan babies appeared on our screens.
Why? Because its government tackled the disaster with sensible, unideological
policies.

Its government had a vested interest in helping the poor because, in Botswana,
even the poor have votes. Such quiet good sense is rare. During the crisis in
Somalia, for example, the aid agencies had to pay money to, and give food to,
the 'technicals' (the armed militiamen in pickup trucks) to get them to allow
the aid through thereby keeping the warlord gangs fit and strong enough to buy
more arms and keep on killing.

In fact, at the height of the famine, Somalia was actually selling food
overseas. While 325,000 people were dying of starvation, and we in the ago-nised
West poured in aid, Somalia was exporting 600,000 sheep in order to buy yet more
weaponry to pursue its apparently endless civil war.

In Sudan, the situation is, if anything, even more grotesque. There is no
nationwide famine in Sudan: it is confined to one particular area, Bahr el
Ghazal, on the front line of the north-versus-south civil war - a war which has
been going on for 15 years.

Each side, quite cynically, uses the aid agencies as a way of feeding its
'home-front' - with 'import taxes', demands for rake-offs, denials of permission
for mercy flights, and often straight theft of incoming aid - while trying to
starve out the forces on the other side. And now there's North Korea.

After much research and many interviews, I have no doubt that there is a
massive, largely unreported famine taking place here.

So why are many of the aid agencies not telling us the truth? Why do they
pretend in their fund-begging literature that they are supervising the aid
properly, so that it goes to the needy - and not to the army and to party
officials who keep this paranoid, totalitarian and profoundly dangerous regime
in power?

The director of one major charity said to me: 'Reports of cannibalism?

Well, I wouldn't take them too seriously.' Had she been to North Korea? No.

Had she interviewed refugees? No. What she did know was that if her agency gave
any credence to the cannibalism report by Medecins Sans Frontieres (the biggest
independent medical charity in the world), then her organi-sation might be
thrown out of North Korea.

AS ONE 'dissident' aid worker, currently in Peking and fearful for his job if he
went on record, told me bitterly: 'There's a terrible careerist element in aid
politics. If you can say: "Oh, we're doing wonderful work in North Korea, saving
millions of lives," then you get more money, more prestige and you score over
other agencies.

'If you get thrown out of the country for revealing the facts, you lose that
prestige and that moneymaking power. That's why so many aid careerists prefer to
believe the barefaced lies of the North Korean government, rather than the
testimonies of entirely nonpolitical refugees who have nothing to lose and
nothing to gain by revealing the truth.' Another aid worker, with much
experience of North Korea, reluctantly admitted to me: 'Well, you have to make a
choice. If you're allowed to stay in the country, then you can do something,
however little. If you're thrown out, you can do nothing at all.

So, of course, you make compromises. I don't think those compromises are
unreasonable.' I disagree. Let's look at those 'compromises'.

The North Koreans don't allow independent supervision of aid: their Public
Distribution System insists on using its own trucks and personnel. (Some aid
donors have actually seen trucks drive the food straight into army barracks.)
They do not allow aid workers to talk to ordinary people without being
supervised by party officials; indeed, they refuse visas to aid workers who
speak Korean. They allow no independent analyses of what's needed, or where.

Aid workers are confined to government hotels and compounds, and cannot move
around the country (whole areas of which are sealed off anyway) without 'giving
up to five days' notice of the proposed schedule'.

ONLY about 100 foreigners, including diplomats, are allowed to reside in North
Korea, a country of 24 million people: these closely-supervised foreigners see
only what they are allowed to see. And this grotesque regime has no qualms about
exploiting its most vulnerable innocents - its children - in order to gouge more
money out of the generous-hearted West.

When the regime wants more aid, it takes aid workers to some creche which is
full of obviously dying children. But, according to another aid worker: 'When
they want to show how much good the aid agencies are doing - so let's have more
money - they take us to what is often the very same institution, which is
suddenly full of suspiciously happy, healthy, well-fed toddlers.

'I'm convinced the regime has "batches" of malnourished children, and
deliberately well-fed ones, and swops the batches

around, according to current tactics, in order to manipulate the aid workers.

That's how cynical and heartless these people are.' Few of the refugees whom I
and 'dissident' aid workers spoke to said they'd ever seen - or indeed even
heard of - any international aid. One refugee said that, yes, a sack of grain
was delivered to his family with aid workers present, but he was told not to
touch it (in Korean which, of course, the aid workers didn't understand).

After the 'photo-opportunity' with the aid workers was over, the sack of grain
was removed by officials and that's the last he ever saw of it. Any aid worker
who asks too many questions and demands independent access is liable to be
accused of being a spy. Aid has been cruelly - but often all too accurately -
described as 'poor people in rich countries giving money to rich people in poor
countries'.

THE ELITE of poor countries like aid - so long as there are no strings attached.
They will not tolerate demands for an end to the selling of food-aid by corrupt
officials; for a respect for human rights; or for more accountability. Such
demands are denounced as 'aid imperialism' and an 'unwarranted interference in
our internal affairs'. One expert on Stalinist North Korea describes its
behaviour as 'militant mendicancy - demanding money with menaces'.

If it doesn't get aid, it threatens to behave even more badly - and, with its
terrorist propensities, its vast military arsenal, and its chemical and
biological weapons, it certainly has the capacity to do so. It's underwriting
Pakistan's nuclear programme, and yesterday it even threatened to resume its
own.

But, of course, without aid people starve. So what do we do?

Withdraw all aid and let innocent people die? I can't pretend I have the answer,
but part of it may lie in the ideas of some 'dissident' aid workers I've talked
to.

They passionately believe it's time that all agencies stop competing so
ferociously - and present a united front. They should refuse to deliver a single
grain of rice, a single aspirin, to any rogue regime until there's full
accountability and, where necessary, changes of policy. (The European Union,
last year's biggest donor to North Korea, has suspended its aid operations,
precisely on these grounds.) The fact is that softhearted,
'something-must-be-done' generosity is not enough. Until we are clearheaded -
and, at times, hardhearted - the scandal of the way aid is exploited by
recipient regimes will continue. And if this scandal persists unchecked then, in
the long run, we will be guilty of the deaths of even more of the very people
whom we desperately want to save.


LOAD-DATE: May 18, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 1998 Associated Newspapers Ltd.


                             822 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              DAILY MAIL (London)

                                  May 15, 1998

Why I now reluctantly believe that Western aid is often responsible for the very
misery it tries so hard to cure;
ANN LESLIE CONCLUDES HER DISPATCHES ON KOREA'S TRAGEDY WITH AN INDICTMENT OF THE
AID AGENCIES

BYLINE: Ann Leslie

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 1599 words


YOU'VE got to hand it to us Brits.

We're a generous lot. In fact, as private individuals, we are the most generous
aid-givers in Europe. Show us pictures of starving babies sucking helplessly at
the shrivelled breasts of their mothers and we'll react instantly. A civilised
response indeed.

It doesn't matter how obscure the country, how remote it may be from our lives,
if children are suffering, we want to help. Ethiopia, Somalia, Bosnia, Sudan . .
. the list goes on.

And the generosity goes on: little sign yet of major 'compassion fatigue'.

Everyone admires the numerous (and, in truth, bitterly competing) aid agencies
which, with their glossily-produced starving-baby pictures, so expertly tug on
our heartstrings - and our purses. Aid workers are the secular saints of modern
society, never to be criticised openly, their motives and behaviour never to be
questioned. And individual aid workers I've met all over the world are, indeed,
among the most saintly and heroic human beings around.

But aid agencies as such? I'm not so sure. Journalists, despite their private
doubts about them, rarely criticise them publicly: after all, they often provide
us with transport and access, and supply us with 'good' (ie harrowing) pictures
in difficult-to-get-at parts of the world. We get the story, the agencies get
the funds: a benign conspiracy.

But is it so benign? After long experience in some of the most benighted corners
of the world, I'm reluctantly coming to the conclusion that, in the long run,
the 'secular saints' of aid often end up perpetuating the very miseries they're
there to cure.

WHAT causes famine? It is rarely drought, floods or harvest failure in
themselves. What makes it impossible to deal with such natural disasters is
civil war, corrupt regimes and crackpot economic policies.

A poor country which respects its own people can often avoid mass starvation, no
matter what the weather conditions. In the Eighties, Botswana endured years of
drought, but no one starved, no dying Botswanan babies appeared on our screens.
Why? Because its government tackled the disaster with sensible, unideological
policies.

Its government had a vested interest in helping the poor because, in Botswana,
even the poor have votes. Such quiet good sense is rare. During the crisis in
Somalia, for example, the aid agencies had to pay money to, and give food to,
the 'technicals' (the armed militiamen in pickup trucks) to get them to allow
the aid through thereby keeping the warlord gangs fit and strong enough to buy
more arms and keep on killing.

In fact, at the height of the famine, Somalia was actually selling food
overseas. While 325,000 people were dying of starvation, and we in the ago-nised
West poured in aid, Somalia was exporting 600,000 sheep in order to buy yet more
weaponry to pursue its apparently endless civil war.

In Sudan, the situation is, if anything, even more grotesque. There is no
nationwide famine in Sudan: it is confined to one particular area, Bahr el
Ghazal, on the front line of the north-versus-south civil war - a war which has
been going on for 15 years.

Each side, quite cynically, uses the aid agencies as a way of feeding its
'home-front' - with 'import taxes', demands for rake-offs, denials of permission
for mercy flights, and often straight theft of incoming aid - while trying to
starve out the forces on the other side. And now there's North Korea.

After much research and many interviews, I have no doubt that there is a
massive, largely unreported famine taking place here.

So why are many of the aid agencies not telling us the truth? Why do they
pretend in their fund-begging literature that they are supervising the aid
properly, so that it goes to the needy - and not to the army and to party
officials who keep this paranoid, totalitarian and profoundly dangerous regime
in power?

The director of one major charity said to me: 'Reports of cannibalism?

Well, I wouldn't take them too seriously.' Had she been to North Korea? No.

Had she interviewed refugees? No. What she did know was that if her agency gave
any credence to the cannibalism report by Medecins Sans Frontieres (the biggest
independent medical charity in the world), then her organi-sation might be
thrown out of North Korea.

AS ONE 'dissident' aid worker, currently in Peking and fearful for his job if he
went on record, told me bitterly: 'There's a terrible careerist element in aid
politics. If you can say: "Oh, we're doing wonderful work in North Korea, saving
millions of lives," then you get more money, more prestige and you score over
other agencies.

'If you get thrown out of the country for revealing the facts, you lose that
prestige and that moneymaking power. That's why so many aid careerists prefer to
believe the barefaced lies of the North Korean government, rather than the
testimonies of entirely nonpolitical refugees who have nothing to lose and
nothing to gain by revealing the truth.' Another aid worker, with much
experience of North Korea, reluctantly admitted to me: 'Well, you have to make a
choice. If you're allowed to stay in the country, then you can do something,
however little. If you're thrown out, you can do nothing at all.

So, of course, you make compromises. I don't think those compromises are
unreasonable.' I disagree. Let's look at those 'compromises'.

The North Koreans don't allow independent supervision of aid: their Public
Distribution System insists on using its own trucks and personnel. (Some aid
donors have actually seen trucks drive the food straight into army barracks.)
They do not allow aid workers to talk to ordinary people without being
supervised by party officials; indeed, they refuse visas to aid workers who
speak Korean. They allow no independent analyses of what's needed, or where.

Aid workers are confined to government hotels and compounds, and cannot move
around the country (whole areas of which are sealed off anyway) without 'giving
up to five days' notice of the proposed schedule'.

ONLY about 100 foreigners, including diplomats, are allowed to reside in North
Korea, a country of 24 million people: these closely-supervised foreigners see
only what they are allowed to see. And this grotesque regime has no qualms about
exploiting its most vulnerable innocents - its children - in order to gouge more
money out of the generous-hearted West.

When the regime wants more aid, it takes aid workers to some creche which is
full of obviously dying children. But, according to another aid worker: 'When
they want to show how much good the aid agencies are doing - so let's have more
money - they take us to what is often the very same institution, which is
suddenly full of suspiciously happy, healthy, well-fed toddlers.

'I'm convinced the regime has "batches" of malnourished children, and
deliberately well-fed ones, and swops the batches

around, according to current tactics, in order to manipulate the aid workers.

That's how cynical and heartless these people are.' Few of the refugees whom I
and 'dissident' aid workers spoke to said they'd ever seen - or indeed even
heard of - any international aid. One refugee said that, yes, a sack of grain
was delivered to his family with aid workers present, but he was told not to
touch it (in Korean which, of course, the aid workers didn't understand).

After the 'photo-opportunity' with the aid workers was over, the sack of grain
was removed by officials and that's the last he ever saw of it. Any aid worker
who asks too many questions and demands independent access is liable to be
accused of being a spy. Aid has been cruelly - but often all too accurately -
described as 'poor people in rich countries giving money to rich people in poor
countries'.

THE ELITE of poor countries like aid - so long as there are no strings attached.
They will not tolerate demands for an end to the selling of food-aid by corrupt
officials; for a respect for human rights; or for more accountability. Such
demands are denounced as 'aid imperialism' and an 'unwarranted interference in
our internal affairs'. One expert on Stalinist North Korea describes its
behaviour as 'militant mendicancy - demanding money with menaces'.

If it doesn't get aid, it threatens to behave even more badly - and, with its
terrorist propensities, its vast military arsenal, and its chemical and
biological weapons, it certainly has the capacity to do so. It's underwriting
Pakistan's nuclear programme, and yesterday it even threatened to resume its
own.

But, of course, without aid people starve. So what do we do?

Withdraw all aid and let innocent people die? I can't pretend I have the answer,
but part of it may lie in the ideas of some 'dissident' aid workers I've talked
to.

They passionately believe it's time that all agencies stop competing so
ferociously - and present a united front. They should refuse to deliver a single
grain of rice, a single aspirin, to any rogue regime until there's full
accountability and, where necessary, changes of policy. (The European Union,
last year's biggest donor to North Korea, has suspended its aid operations,
precisely on these grounds.) The fact is that softhearted,
'something-must-be-done' generosity is not enough. Until we are clearheaded -
and, at times, hardhearted - the scandal of the way aid is exploited by
recipient regimes will continue. And if this scandal persists unchecked then, in
the long run, we will be guilty of the deaths of even more of the very people
whom we desperately want to save.


LOAD-DATE: May 18, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 1998 Associated Newspapers Ltd.


                             823 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                    January 25, 1997, Saturday, ALL EDITIONS

New York City AIDS deaths decline; adolescent cases rise

BYLINE: Anne Rochell; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 01C

LENGTH: 470 words

DATELINE: Washington


AIDS deaths in New York City declined 30 percent in 1996, a New York state
health official said Friday, possibly thanks to better therapies and expanded
access to publicly funded health care in that city.

That was the good news from the Fourth Conference on Retroviruses and
Opportunistic Infections on Friday. On a grimmer note, adolescent AIDS cases are
on the rise nationwide, according to the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention.

Between 1990 and 1995, AIDS incidence rose 22 percent in people aged 13 to 25,
from about 2,300 cases per year to 2,800 cases, said Dr. Paul Denning of the
CDC. Some 20,000 AIDS cases have been diagnosed in that age group since the
epidemic began.

In New York, AIDS deaths dropped for the first time in the history of the
epidemic, from 7,000 deaths in 1995 to 5,000 deaths last year, said Dr. Mary Ann
Chiasson of the state health department. New York City has 16 percent, or
90,000, of the nation's total AIDS cases since 1981, and 60,000 New Yorkers have
died of the disease, she said. AIDS incidence in the city hasn't declined, she
added.

Dr. John Ward of the CDC's HIV/AIDS Surveillance Branch said similar declines in
AIDS deaths in other cities or regions haven't been reported. However, for the
first time, U.S. AIDS deaths remained stable at about 42,000 a year from 1994 to
1995, the latest year for which figures are available, Ward added.

"The decline in deaths could be because of expanded access to health care,
better management of opportunistic infections (the illnesses AIDS patients get
because of their weakened immune systems) and the new therapies," Chiasson said.

Federal funding for AIDS treatment in New York more than doubled from 1993 to
1994. And half of the AIDS patients in the city receive free drugs through a
state and federal program, she said.

In the past few years, the number of drugs available to treat HIV infection
jumped from four to nine. And there are better ways to prevent and treat
infections such as pneumonia, a major cause of AIDS mortality.

The three brands of protease inhibitors - the most powerful AIDS therapy on the
market - only became widely available in the last year, so the dramatic decline
in deaths can't entirely be attributed to them, she said.

"This is good news," said Dr. Harold Jaffe, director of AIDS laboratory research
at CDC. "But it's important to recognize that this is just an observation, and
we probably won't know what caused this."

The rise in AIDS cases among adolescents and young adults signals the need for
more prevention programs targeting this group, Denning said. Of particular
concern are black heterosexual women ages 13 to 25: Cases in this group rose 158
percent from 1990 to 1995, he said.

Cases among young, homosexual men of all races rose 131 percent.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                             824 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              June 17, 1996 Monday

Foreign aid missing the point  Report says money squandered for political
advantage

BYLINE: BY PAUL KNOX The Globe and Mail

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 930 words


Foreign aid is building too many roads and bridges and sending too few poor
children to school, an international consortium of aid agencies says.

A report by the consortium, based on analysis of figures from the world's
richest countries, says the average foreign-aid budget allocates less than 3 per
cent of spending to basic health and education.

The two categories are considered key to eliminating absolute poverty among an
estimated one billion people around the world.

World leaders pledged to eradicate absolute poverty at a United Nations
social-development summit meeting in Copenhagen last year and endorsed the
principle of spending 20 per cent of aid on basic social services.

But the agencies say the 21 countries that donate most foreign aid continue to
devote too much of their aid budgets to large infrastructure projects.

"There is no clear link between the majority of aid spending and impact on
absolute poverty," the report says.

Basic health care includes such items as primary-care clinics and
oral-rehydration programs. Basic education includes primary schools and literacy
schemes.

Basic education -- particularly for girls and women -- is considered more
effective in reducing absolute poverty than professional-training programs and
university exchanges, which account for much of Canadian aid spending on
education.

Aid donors gave an average of just 1.2 per cent of their money to basic
education, 1.3 per cent to basic health and 4 per cent to water and sanitation
projects, the report says.

"Too much aid is being squandered by governments on projects which have more to
do with commercial and political advantage than poverty eradication," the
authors say.

They note that much aid is still contingent on purchases being made in the donor
country. For example, 45 per cent of Canada's aid agreements require that some
puchases be made in Canada.

They give examples, such as a Belgian project in Indonesia that created a market
for a Belgian company's outmoded lathes. They cite studies of New Zealand's aid
program, which "concluded that political, strategic and economic motivations are
as important as humanitarian ones.

Canada gave a total of 5.3 per cent to education, health and population programs
and just 0.3 per cent to water and sanitation. By contrast, it gave 8.5 per cent
of its $2.7-billion total aid budget to transportation, communications and
energy programs and 11 per cent to debt relief.

The Canadian government says it is committed to spending 25 per cent of foreign
aid on basic human needs and says it has already reached the 21 per cent level.

But a recent study by Alison Van Rooy of the Ottawa-based North-South Institute
says that under UN definitions of basic human needs, which exclude housing and
emergency food aid, the figure is only 13.6 per cent.

The report, titled The Reality of Aid 1996, is produced by the International
Council of Voluntary Agencies and Eurostep, a group of European aid agencies.
The chapter on Canada was written by Brian Tomlinson of the Canadian Council on
International Co-operation, an ICVA member.

It is the fourth in an annual series analyzing figures from the Organization for
Economic Co-operation and Development. The data cover the 1994 calendar year.

The report highlights several trends:

Eight of 21 donors cut their aid levels in 1994 and average spending fell to 0.3
per cent of gross national product, the lowest level in 20 years;

Governments preoccupied with spending cuts are slashing aid budgets even though
surveys suggest that in many rich countries voters continue to believe aid
levels should not be lowered;

Aid to the world's poorest countries has fallen by 7 per cent since 1990. At the
same time, governments have managed to increase their aid to the better-off
nations of Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union;

Because of crises in such places as Rwanda and Somalia, emergency relief is
accounting for a greater share of total aid -- up from 1.5 per cent of bilateral
aid in 1991 to 8.4 per cent in 1994. In Canada's case, the increase was even
greater -- from 3 per cent to 16 per cent.

Japan was the largest aid donor at $13.2-billion (U.S.), followed by the United
States at $9.9-billion, France at $8.5-billion and Germany at $6.8-billion. But
U.S. spending was lowest when viewed as a percentage of gross national product.

The report seeks to refute the contention that private investment can be a
substitute for foreign aid.

Most foreign direct investment goes to just a handful of countries in Asia and
Latin America, it says. "It is not possible to focus foreign direct investment
on need or on the kind of long-term investment in people which is the key to
growth with equity."

The report also points to significant differences in the way aid recipients
spend the money they receive.

In Thailand, Ghana and Nicaragua, governments spend more than a quarter of their
gross national product on health and education. Egypt, China and Pakistan spend
less than 5 per cent.

The report renews questions about the usefulness of global summits, which have
occurred at the rate of more than one a year since a 1990 meeting on issues
affecting children. The most recent, on housing and urban environments, ended
last Friday.

The summits stimulate discussion and set performance benchmarks on social
issues, which are regularly evaluated in well-publicized reports by UN agencies.
But the promises made are not binding.

"If civil society fails to remind governments of the commitments they made, such
declarations may never be implemented," the report says.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1996 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             825 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                 November 29, 1995 Wednesday MINNESOTA EDITION

BOOK LETS PEOPLE WITH AIDS TELL STORIES - AND BATTLE BIAS;
OTHER EVENTS TO MARK WORLD AIDS DAY HERE

BYLINE: BYLINE: Rhoda Fukushima, Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 893 words


Darrel, Cindy, Jessica and Stephen are your friends, your neighbors, your
co-workers.

They are also The Other America. They have AIDS.

They tell their stories in the newest book in "The Other America" series, which
embraces the outsiders of society. The series, aimed at younger readers, aims to
smash stereotypes and remind people that we may not be so different from one
another. Publication of the book coincides with World AIDS Day, which is Friday.

As many as 17,000 people statewide are estimated to have HIV, the virus that
causes AIDS. Minnesota had 2,532 AIDS cases as of July 1995, according to the
Minnesota Department of Health. AIDS-related deaths numbered 1,519. For the
book, Minneapolis author Gail B. Stewart compiled first-person accounts from:

Darrel, a divorced heterosexual man from rural North Dakota. "For anybody, but
especially someone with a terminal illness like AIDS, the idea of making each
day a holy day is a good idea."

Cindy, a young married woman whose toddler son died of AIDS. "I am not afraid of
dying. I admit I was at first, after my diagnosis. But after Nicholas died, I
haven't been as afraid. I know he's not suffering or in pain anymore."

Stephen, a gay man, who died in July. "I'm as ready as I'll ever be. If
something bad happens ... I can just feel in my heart, in my soul, that I'm
ready."

Jessica, 8, whose mother already died of AIDS. "Blacks and whites didn't get to
know each other very well, until Rosa Parks sat where she wanted to on the bus
... If people without AIDS would sit next to people with AIDS, we'd get along.
It just takes someone to be brave, to start."

World AIDS Day Events

11:30 a.m., today, Weisman Art Museum, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis,
east bank. Brown bag lunch, "Living with HIV at the U."

1:45 p.m., today, Weisman Art Museum, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, east
bank. Presentation of "Silverlake Life: the View from Here," a home-video diary
of AIDS' effect on a videographer and his companion.

5 p.m., Thursday, various sites at the University of Minnesota. Red ribbon
dispersal, for tying on trees and lampposts.

8 a.m. to 5 p.m, Friday, Hennepin County Government Center atrium, 300 S. 6th
St., Minneapolis. The Red Door Clinic and the NAMES Project Twin Cities host a
display of panels from the NAMES Project AIDS Memorial Quilt. Volunteers will
demonstrate how a quilt panel is made. At 2:30 p.m. there will be a ceremony to
allow people to present panels that will be added to the AIDS Memorial Quilt in
San Francisco. Those who wish to present a panel or share memories are invited
to do so. AIDS information and materials will be available from 11 a.m. to 1
p.m. through Friday at the government center. 348-3793.

9 a.m. to 4 p.m., Friday, Sister Kenny Institute Lobby. AIDS information and
materials available.

Friday, University of Minnesota HIV Clinic, first floor PWB. AIDS information
and materials available, sponsored by Clinic 42.

Friday, St. Paul Ramsey Medical Center Cafeteria. AIDS information and materials
available.

11:30 a.m., Friday, Abbott Northwestern, Ewe Chapel. Service of hope and
healing.

Noon, Friday, University of Minnesota's St. Paul Student Center. Display of
"Traveling seX Files."

1:50 p.m., Friday. National Catholic AIDS Network and AIDS Interfaith Network
silver bell will be rung 15 times, to commemorate 15 years of the AIDS epidemic.
Silver bells are available for $15, with proceeds going to sponsor AIDS
Ministry's programs. 672-4345.

6 p.m., Friday, Purple Onion Coffeehouse, 4th Street and 14th Avenue, Dinkytown.
HIV/AIDS poetry and prose readings.

6 p.m., Friday,Episcopal Cathedral of St. Mark, facing Loring Park in downtown
Minneapolis. Service composed of readings and music, including performances by
Ballet Arts Minnesota, Minneapolis Community College Choir and St. Mark's
Cathedral Choir. U.S. Sen. Paul Wellstone, Minnesota Public Radio's Eric Friesen
and actor Dudley Riggs are also expected to participate. The Rt. Rev. James
Jelinek, Episcopal Bishop of Minnesota, and other spiritual leaders will greet
those present. All community religious leaders are invited to participate.

After the service, a candlelight procession will lead participants to a
reception sponsored by Arts Over AIDS at the Walker Art Center.

Memorial names to be read the evening of the event are being taken in advance by
the Episcopal AIDS Ministry Office. 824-8990.

8 p.m., Friday, Ted Mann Concert Hall, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis,
west bank. "Love and Remembrance" free concert. Features mezzo-soprano Glenda
Maurice and pianist Ruth Palmer. Includes poetry and music. Presented in memory
of William Parker, Randall Fostvedt and all musicians lost to AIDS.

8:30 p.m., Friday, Walker Art Center. Film premiere of "The Celluloid Closet."
Based on a book by Vito Russo, the film recounts the history of Hollywood's
portrayal of homosexuality. It is written by Armistead Maupin and narrated by
Lily Tomlin.

Friday-Dec. 31, Historic Landmark Center, St. Paul. AWARENESS AIDS art/memorial
premiere. Designed by Anthony Eaton to inform, educate and raise money for the
fight against AIDS. The AWARENESS project's goal is to have at least 5,000 names
for the premiere. Friends and family members of those lost to AIDS can have a
name placed on the memorial for free.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: HEALTH//World AIDS Day

                     Copyright 1995 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             826 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                                 June 27, 1995

Offering help to AIDS patients more important than judging them

BYLINE: By Pang Ker-Wei

SECTION: Letters; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 358 words


I REFER to the letter entitled "Screen AIDS patients for halfway houses"
(NST, June 14) by L. Choo.

According to Choo, halfway houses should only cater to "innocent" AIDS
patients, that is those who contract the disease through blood
transfusions. Prostitutes, homosexuals and dadah addicts do not "deserve"
this form of care and treatment.

I am a student at a local college and am doing research on AIDS.

Prior to my research, I must admit that my views on people with AIDS
were as prejudiced and biased as Choo's. However, I realise now how wrong
and selfish my attitude was.

Given a choice, no one would choose to have AIDS. And it is certainly
not up to us humans to judge whether a person with AIDS is innocent or
guilty, or whether he/she deserves to have AIDS or not.

How a person contracts AIDS also should not be a matter of importance
but rather, how he/she can be helped and cared for.

What Choo wrote about prostitutes, dadah addicts and the like taking
advantage of the halfway house services to carry on with their lifestyles
without caring whether or not they get AIDS only reflects the shallowness
of the writer's thinking.

Choo has completely disregarded the feelings of these people, and also
of the volunteers who have made many sacrifices to care for them.

Can we honestly believe that by denying the dadah addicts and
prostitutes these support services, the spread of AIDS will be effectively
discouraged?

Or would not letting them suffer and die alone because they asked for it
only help spread sentiments of hatred and self-centredness in society?

People with AIDS and people affected by AIDS are already hurt because
they are being discriminated against and ostracised by society. They now
not only have to fight AIDS but also the stigma caused by societal
attitudes.

Perhaps, it's time we Malaysians took a different perspective on AIDS
and people with AIDS.

AIDS does not discriminate. It is only when we become less prejudiced
that the stigma surrounding AIDS can be removed. This is an opportunity
for us to show that we are a caring society.
Pang Ker-Wei
Kuala Lumpur


LOAD-DATE: March 10, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

            Copyright 1995 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                             827 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                               November 19, 1994

Social workers to join AIDS event

BYLINE: By ALISON WISEMAN

SECTION: NEW; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 398 words


THE social services will take part in annual World AIDS Day activities in Hong
Kong this year for the first time.

Social workers face the prospect of dealing with a growing number of infected
patients in the course of their work.

But the Health Department's consultant on the disease, Dr Lee Shui-shan, said
their involvement in the event should have come much sooner, although he added
it was better late than never.

''The social service is providing support for Hong Kong's AIDS patients and it
is important that they are involved in AIDS awareness and education
activities,'' he said.

Fung Cheung-tim, of the Hong Kong Council for Social Service, who is convenor of
the working group on AIDS Fortnight, which kicks off tomorrow, admitted that
social workers needed to gain a better understanding of the disease.

He said: ''Social workers have not generally had to deal with this issue yet
because the numbers are still relatively small, but they will have to do so more
in the future and so we want to raise the awareness of AIDS among them.

''We will not be treating AIDS patients differently from anyone else but in a
situation where workers might be at risk of coming into contact with body fluids
we will probably take universal precautions.''

An ethics and AIDS seminar will be staged by the council for all social welfare
personnel tonight, while a survey on their attitudes towards AIDS and their
knowledge of the disease will be released later this month.

So far, there have been 115 reported cases of AIDS in Hong Kong, although the
figure is expected to rise rapidly during the next few years as more HIV
-positive people reach the stage where they are more likely to develop the
disease.

Dr Lee said: ''AIDS patients need social support and although it is difficult to
say whether what is provided at the moment is adequate, we do get complaints
from patients who say they cannot get the services they need.''

AIDS Fortnight, organised by the Health Department, Hong Kong AIDS Foundation,
AIDS Concern, and the council, will begin at the piazza of Hong Kong Cultural
Centre in Tsim Sha Tsui at 11 am.

The main feature of the Fortnight, which has adopted the slogan ''AIDS: A Family
Concern'', will be World AIDS Day on December 1, which will include the
distribution of safer sex kits, a foundation open day and a sponsored dance
marathon.


LOAD-DATE: November 23, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1994 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                             828 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                               November 19, 1994

Social workers to join AIDS event

BYLINE: By ALISON WISEMAN

SECTION: NEW; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 398 words


THE social services will take part in annual World AIDS Day activities in Hong
Kong this year for the first time.

Social workers face the prospect of dealing with a growing number of infected
patients in the course of their work.

But the Health Department's consultant on the disease, Dr Lee Shui-shan, said
their involvement in the event should have come much sooner, although he added
it was better late than never.

''The social service is providing support for Hong Kong's AIDS patients and it
is important that they are involved in AIDS awareness and education
activities,'' he said.

Fung Cheung-tim, of the Hong Kong Council for Social Service, who is convenor of
the working group on AIDS Fortnight, which kicks off tomorrow, admitted that
social workers needed to gain a better understanding of the disease.

He said: ''Social workers have not generally had to deal with this issue yet
because the numbers are still relatively small, but they will have to do so more
in the future and so we want to raise the awareness of AIDS among them.

''We will not be treating AIDS patients differently from anyone else but in a
situation where workers might be at risk of coming into contact with body fluids
we will probably take universal precautions.''

An ethics and AIDS seminar will be staged by the council for all social welfare
personnel tonight, while a survey on their attitudes towards AIDS and their
knowledge of the disease will be released later this month.

So far, there have been 115 reported cases of AIDS in Hong Kong, although the
figure is expected to rise rapidly during the next few years as more HIV
-positive people reach the stage where they are more likely to develop the
disease.

Dr Lee said: ''AIDS patients need social support and although it is difficult to
say whether what is provided at the moment is adequate, we do get complaints
from patients who say they cannot get the services they need.''

AIDS Fortnight, organised by the Health Department, Hong Kong AIDS Foundation,
AIDS Concern, and the council, will begin at the piazza of Hong Kong Cultural
Centre in Tsim Sha Tsui at 11 am.

The main feature of the Fortnight, which has adopted the slogan ''AIDS: A Family
Concern'', will be World AIDS Day on December 1, which will include the
distribution of safer sex kits, a foundation open day and a sponsored dance
marathon.


LOAD-DATE: November 24, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1994 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                             829 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           September 9, 1994, Friday

AID Atlanta's director quits in less than year

BYLINE: By Anne Rochell STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Section C; Page 5

LENGTH: 387 words


AID Atlanta, the Southeast's largest service organization for people with AIDS,
is without a director: Becky Clayton Burton has resigned after less than a year.

Ted Haslam, chairman of the AID Atlanta board of directors, said this week that
Burton plans to pursue her seminary studies full time.

"Being executive director of AID Atlanta is a 24-hour-a-day, 7-days- a-week
job," he said. "We're disappointed, but we certainly understand."

But some AIDS activists and former AID Atlanta employees say Burton was not the
right person for the job, and they believe her departure will be good for the
agency.

"She was wrong for the position," said Sherry Siclair, who left AID Atlanta last
winter after four years because of Burton's leadership. She now works for
Neighborhood Reinvestment Corp. "She didn't seem to be committed to the issues
and her management style didn't promote solid working relationships with the HIV
and gay and lesbian communities."

Burton could not be reached for comment despite numerous attempts. Haslam said
he knew of employee complaints about Burton.

"Some of these issues had been brought to my attention, but they were not part
of our discussions with her," he said.

Formerly senior vice-president for marketing and resource development at Boys &
Girls Clubs of Metro Atlanta, Burton joined AID Atlanta in October 1993. She had
a tough act to follow, replacing the outspoken Sandy Thurman. And she had a
complex job, juggling a $ 4 million budget, 90 employees, 1,000 volunteers and a
variety of services for people with HIV/AIDS. Moreover, the director of AID
Atlanta must work with all other AIDS service organizations in the metro area.

Mark King, executive director of AIDS Survival Project, also expressed hope that
the next director will be someone with stronger connections to the AIDS
community.

"I think AID Atlanta has the potential of getting someone really great," he
said. "I hope they're more serious this time."

A search committee headed up by AID Atlanta executive committee member Geri
Thomas will be responsible for finding a replacement. A New York-based search
firm, Creative Management Associates, has been hired to find candidates. In the
interim, board members will assume greater responsibility for the day-to-day
operations of the agency, Haslam said.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942530227

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                             830 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                               November 28, 1993

Paying the price of ignorance

SECTION: Sunday Edition; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 942 words


The number of people being infected with the HIV virus, which causes AIDS,
continues to grow at an alarming rate and those responsible for educating the
public have to ask themselves what they have done to reduce ignorance about the
killer disease.  KAVITA DASWANI reports.

THERE was silence at the other end of the line before the confession: a young
homosexual had just had casual sex in a public toilet with a stranger and did
not wear a condom. He wanted to know if he should be worried.

Calls like this are fielded with alarming frequency by Horizons, a gay support
group. Almost half of the 150 hotline calls received monthly are from "closet"
gays who, despite the publicity campaigns and educational programmes, still have
not got the message and are dangerously careless in their sexual practices.

With the Hong Kong AIDS Week starting today and the sixth World AIDS Day on
Wednesday, those responsible for educating the public have to ask themselves
what they have done to stem the flow of ignorance surrounding the killer
disease.

Despite all the noise and activity, the number of people being infected with HIV
in Hong Kong continues to escalate: last month the figure reached an all -time
high of 403 - 91 of whom have full- blown AIDS.

But those are only the official figures. There could be thousands more who have
the virus and do not know it, putting their sexual partners at risk.

The territory's first comprehensive AIDS survey, released in April, showed more
than half a million people in Hong Kong were highly vulnerable to HIV infection.

Another survey this year revealed only three per cent regarded AIDS as a serious
problem.

This was in sharp contrast to other Asian countries where between 19 and 29 per
cent described the disease as serious.

Efforts to educate Hong Kong people on AIDS prevention have been hampered in the
past by personality and political conflicts between groups like AIDS Concern and
the Hong Kong AIDS Foundation.

The two groups engaged in a slanging match in June, with AIDS Concern accusing
the foundation of being "grossly" unprofessional and unethical.

At the centre of the row was an AIDS Foundation project - a $ 3 million feature
film. The bone of contention was the way in which two producers approached AIDS
Concern requesting meetings with AIDS patients or HIV carriers.

The voluntary organisation said it was worried the patients and HIV carriers
would be used for self-promotional activities.

The AIDS Foundation hit back saying it was a case of "paranoia" and professional
jealousy on the part of AIDS Concern.

Three months earlier, the Sunday Morning Post revealed the AIDS Foundation had
lost at least $ 1 million after dabbling in high- risk foreign currency.

Criticism was widespread with AIDS Concern saying the foundation had wasted
money which was meant to save people's lives.

Legislator Dr Leong Che-hung, who took over the AIDS Foundation reins in
September, said he was looking forward to the various organisations working
together and "plotting a new course in our fight against AIDS and promoting a
better society for the inflicted".

But he also launched a stinging attack on the relevant bodies for a lack of
policy co-ordination and said anti-AIDS campaigns had failed to address the
problem by reinforcing fear rather than generating an understanding towards
sufferers.

"These bodies have been working overtime. But their efforts have not paid off -
overlapping in some areas while leaving gaps unfilled.

"We need a clear-cut policy direction, proper co-ordination, a concrete work
schedule and a sensible division of work among Government and various voluntary
organisations," Dr Leong said.

"We don't have another 10 years to spend to save those infected."

These two groups, along with the Government's AIDS unit, are trying to set aside
their differences.

Lisa Ross, of AIDS Concern, said: "We have been working much more closely with
the AIDS Foundation in terms of information and presentations to schools, groups
and churches. But we still have very different strengths as organisations.

"They have the governmental and social connections, which is important, while we
work with the community through volunteers."

Despite their background squabbles, there has been important progress. Last
November, former dentist and stand-up comic Mike Sinclair announced he had
contracted HIV through a homosexual relationship, and was commended for putting
a human face on the dreaded disease, talking candidly about the pain, fears and
frustration.

Most importantly, he warned people to be careful. "Don't let what happened to
me, happen to you."

But many people were not listening. And these are the ones who have to be
educated.

"The gay community still needs a lot of education," said Daniel Kong, publicity
co-ordinator for Horizons. "There are many new entrants in the gay community,
and their attitude is that AIDS is almost non-existent.

"Horizons receives lots of calls from people who talk about their sexual
practices, but a number of them are not aware of the dangers and say they still
have sex without protection".

Mr Kong said organisations like AIDS Concern and the Hong Kong AIDS Foundation
tend to target their publicity campaigns more towards the general public than
the gay community.

"There are about 100,000 gays in Hong Kong, so maybe the numbers are too big for
the AIDS groups to reach. We are planning a survey within the homosexual
community about safe sex practices which will tell us more, but the way it looks
now, there has not been enough education," he said.


LOAD-DATE: November 27, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1993 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                             831 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           The Nikkei Weekly (Japan)

                                November 9, 1992

Government getting serious about AIDS-prevention measures

BYLINE: BY YOSHIAKI ITOH, Staff writer

SECTION: POLITICS & SOCIETY; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 541 words


A sharp increase in the number of AIDS patients and carriers is pressing central
and local government officials to set to work on full-scale AIDS-prevention
measures.

According to the Ministry of Health and Welfare, 326 people were found to be
infected with AIDS or carrying the virus which causes the fatal condition in the
first eight months of this year.  That compares with 238 for all of 1991.
Ministry officials believe the 1992 total could be double that of last year.

The total number of AIDS patients and carriers in the country was 2,866 as of
the end of August.  Analysts estimate that the actual number is 10 times the
official figure.

As a result, the ministry has established a headquarters to promote public
awareness of AIDS and how its spread can be prevented.

Included in the ministry's campaign are informational advertisements in comics
and weekly magazines for young people, the holding of symposiums in cooperation
with companies and the publication of a monthly report on AIDS in Japan and
other countries.

The ministry is also planning to improve counseling and testing services, as
well as increase the number of hospices for AIDS patients in national hospitals.

To that end, the ministry has requested Y10.2 billion in the fiscal 1993 budget,
five times as large as the AIDS budget for the current fiscal year through March
1993.

In the area of AIDS education, the Ministry of Education recently distributed a
pamphlet on AIDS prevention to high school students.  This is the first time for
the ministry to pass out teaching material that refers to AIDS or the human
immunodeficiency virus (HIV) which causes it.

"Because the young generation (ages 20-29) accounts for the largest percentage
(41.5%) of AIDS carriers, we considered it highly necessary to inform high
school students," an Education Ministry official said.

Among local authorities, the Tokyo Metropolitan Government has become the first
to set up an AIDS/HIV-Infection Control Office.  More than 30% of the nation's
AIDS patients and carriers are in Tokyo.

The metropolitan government has earmarked Y354 million for the current fiscal
year to take emergency measures against AIDS.  some of the money has been used
to put together radio and TV spots on AIDS awareness which are now running in
the Tokyo area.  Some 20 celebrity volunteers appear in the spots.

"The present situation in our country is just like that of the UK and France
seven years ago," said Hiroshi Nakamura, director of the Tokyo government's
infection control office.  "If we are to prevent the spread of AIDS, now is the
time."

Similar campaigns in the UK were deemed more or less successful.  The UK had
about 5,000 confirmed AIDS cases in 1991, while France, with about the same
population, had 17,000.

The stigma of AIDS is still very strong in Japan.  A 37-year-old poet recently
became the first person to publicly admit that he contracted AIDS through sexual
contact.  some others who were infected through blood transfusions stepped
forward earlier.

Poet Yutaka Hirata announced the formation of a private society to support those
who contracted AIDS or HIV through sexual contact, and to work to eliminate
discimination against sufferers.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Inc.


                             832 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Daily Yomiuri

                           November 3, 1992, Tuesday

More Firms Tackling AIDS

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 400 words


An increasing number of companies are taking the initiative in preventing the
spread of AIDS, introducing measures ranging from campaigns to educate their
employees in AIDS awareness to conducting AIDS tests free of charge.

An indication of company zeal is the fact that a manual covering AIDS prevention
measures for companies issued by the Tokyo Chamber of Commerce and Industry
(Tosho) has registered sales of about 10,000 copies since it was put on the
market on Oct. 15.

More than 100 orders a day have been received, including orders for 100 or 200
copies. The 1,500 copies originally prepared were soon sold out.

Tosho printed 1,000 additional copies four days after the date of issue and
7,000 more copies three days later.

Tosho plans to send a delegation of company executives and officials working in
personnel management to the United States and Britain this month, to learn how
communities and companies should coexist with AIDS patients and HIV carriers.

Niko Mart, a chain of 462 convenience stores in and around the Tokyo
metropolitan area, started a crusade against AIDS last month. It is holding a
study meeting for its employees to educate them in AIDS prevention measures and
do away with discrimination and prejudice against AIDS patients and HIV
carriers.

The store chain has also prepared a special case for condoms to make it easier
to buy them. It plans to spend part of the proceeds from sales of condoms on
AIDS prevention measures.

It is also conducting an AIDS awareness survey on youths who visit its chain
stores.

Levi Strauss Japan, noted for its jeans, is another company that is putting a
great deal of effort into AIDS prevention measures. It is using an AIDS
education video produced by its parent company in the United States, Levi
Strauss & Co., to train its employees.

"We don't discriminate against prospective applicants infected with the AIDS
virus. We see AIDS in the same way as other diseases," a Levi official said.

Despite these positive advances, volunteers working with AIDS patients caution
against complacency. They pointed out that on the whole, companies'
understanding of AIDS is still insufficient.

The volunteers cited telephone calls complaining that the callers had been
tested for AIDS without their permission or that they had been asked to leave
their companies when their infection with HIV was disclosed.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1992 The Daily Yomiuri


                             833 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  September 26, 1991, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Panel urges AIDS assault

BYLINE: Kim Painter

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 181 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The nation met the first decade of AIDS with ''anger, fear and indifference,'' a
federal panel said Wednesday.

But the National Commission on AIDS - reporting after two years' work - says
it's not too late to avert future suffering:

- The government should distribute AIDS drugs to needy patients.

- Medicaid should cover the care of low-income people with HIV, the AIDS virus -
even before they become disabled.

- President Bush should use his ''bully pulpit'' to mobilize anti-AIDS efforts.

White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater says the U.S. will have spent $ 17
billion on AIDS through 1992.

But commissioners and AIDS activists say an end to discrimination and more
compassion also are needed.

The government counts about 180,000 AIDS cases, 120,000 AIDS deaths. One million
more are thought infected, many unknowingly.

By 1993, the death toll is expected to reach 350,000.

''We know better than anyone that reports don't move people,'' says panel
chairwoman June Osborn. ''We're talking about 180,000 people lost to AIDS, and
they're all somebody's children.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.


                             834 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                  November 30, 1988, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

AIDS-related deaths cost $1 million each, disease experts say

BYLINE: (CP)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. F8

LENGTH: 630 words

DATELINE: MONTREAL


   MONTREAL (CP) - Each AIDS-related death costs Canada about $1 million,
researchers say.

While medical costs average about $82,000 for each AIDS patient in this country,
other costs are often overlooked, Rod Fraser, a Queen's University professor,
told researchers yesterday at an international conference on the economic impact
of the disease.

Related expenses, such as screening tests for the AIDS virus, counselling,
education and research, raise that figure to about $350,000 for each AIDS
sufferer, said Margaret Duckett, a researcher at McGill University.

Add indirect factors, such as the cost when society loses a young, well-educated
person - the profile of the typical Canadian AIDS victim - and the economy loses
about $1 million for each death, Fraser said.

Hits tax base

"Because it's a disease affecting males age 25 to 40, there is an effect on the
tax base of the community," Duckett said in an interview. "And that doesn't
include pain and suffering, the loss and grievance of family and friends, a
whole multitude of things."

The conference was organized to enable researchers to compare data on economic
effects and assess where to fill in the gaps on health services and social
policy, Duckett said.

With about 6,000 cases of AIDS expected in Canada by 1992, and no cure for the
AIDS virus expected for at least 10 years, she said governments should be
concentrating on prevention.

In Canada, 2,118 cases have been reported and of these 1,162 have died.

"If we want to limit costs for the future we need to stop transmission now,"
Duckett said.

Dr. Anne Johnson, a British AIDS expert, said her country has allotted about
$112 million, 0.4 per cent of its total health services budget, to AIDS this
year.

Johnson and France's Dr. Gabriel Bez said it is difficult to compare costs
between countries because of differences in health systems and cultures.

Dr. Giuseppe Marasca said Italy differs from other industrialized countries in
that two-thirds of its AIDS cases are intravenous drug users, who are on average
10 years younger than victims in the U.S. and Britain.

Shorter stays

The use of AZT, an experimental drug that slows the disease, has had an effect
on the cost of care as patients appear to require less frequent hospital stays,
said Dr. Bruce Whyte of Australia.

Figures to be released by the World Health Organization tomorrow indicate
129,000 cases of AIDS have been reported worldwide, said Dr. James Chin.

But he cautioned that in many parts of the world, AIDS cases are "grossly
under-reported" and estimated there are actually about 350,000 cases.

Chin, who works with the World Health Organization's AIDS program, said that in
some African cities, 10 per cent of the population has been exposed to the AIDS
virus. By 1991, this could lead to a doubling of the adult mortality rate in
some areas of the continent, he said.

Experts at the conference confirmed recent reports that AIDS is moving into the
heterosexual population, increasingly affecting women and children, especially
in Caribbean and central African countries.

Drug users

In Western countries, AIDS victims are mainly homosexuals. Most of the
heterosexuals with AIDS are intravenous drug users and their sexual partners.

Chin said the number of babies born to AIDS-infected mothers has almost doubled
in the last year to 150,000.

"People don't always realize that the largest group affected in the world are
heterosexual women," said Duckett.

In the U.S., women now constitute 10 per cent of all AIDS cases, she added.

Acquired immune deficiency syndrome attacks the body's immune system, making it
unable to fight infections and cancer. It is spread through body fluids such as
semen and blood.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1988 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             835 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     March 22, 1988, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

$7 million AIDS campaign to hit every Ontario household

BYLINE: By Lillian Newbery Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 407 words


   A $7 million advertising and public information campaign about AIDS has been
launched by the Ontario health ministry.

It includes newspaper and transit messages, television and radio spots and a
brochure mailed to every household in the provincce.

Anyone seeking information will be invited to call the provincially funded AIDS
telephone hotline where nurses and other health professionals answer questions
by phone. The hotline has been expanded to offer service in French.

Health Minister Elinor Caplan said, "The time has come to reach throughout
Ontario with the message: 'You can protect yourself against AIDS.' "

In one message a young man asks, "Can you get AIDS from sharing a lunch?" The
answer given is: "No, of course not. But you can get AIDS by sharing needles
while doing drugs.

"If you have any suggestions, call this free number for the facts about AIDS.
Not knowing creates fear. Knowing the facts is the first step in protecting
yourself. Let's talk."

In another message an older woman says: "Can you get AIDS from a toilet seat?"
The answer given is: "No, of course not. AIDS is transmitted during sexual
intercourse with an infected person."

In another, an 18-year-old girl asks: "Can you get AIDS from kissing." The reply
is: "No one ever got AIDS from kissing. AIDS is transmitted during sexual
intercourse with an infected person. If you are sexually active, cut the risk -
use a latex condom."

Caplan said she expects television stations to run the ads in prime time.

Among the educational programs on AIDS is one now being given to the Metro
police force. Each member of the force is getting a 45-minute training session
on how to deal with AIDS, including a 9-minute video.

It explains how the AIDS virus is spread and advises on precautions to be taken
to protect police officers and others.

The video says that the AIDS virus cannot be transferred through casual
day-to-day activities but only through blood tarnsfusions, the exchange of blood
or semen, the sharing of contaminated needles or from a mother to a fetus.

AIDS, acquired immune deficiency syndrome, is a fatal condition that breaks down
a part of the body's immune system, affecting its natural ability to fight
disease.

The provincially funded hotline number is 392-AIDS in Toronto.

Outside the Toronto area, the toll-free number is 1-800-668-AIDS. The French
language toll-free number is 1-800-267-SIDA.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1988 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             836 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     March 11, 1988, Friday, FINAL EDITION

AIDS experts dispute sex researchers' findings

BYLINE: (REUTER-STAFF)

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 842 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


   NEW YORK (Reuter-Staff) - Numerous AIDS researchers are disputing a
contention by Masters and Johnson, the sex researchers, that AIDS is rampant
among heterosexuals and that the odds of heterosexual transmission are much
higher than believed.

They also want to know why the couple claimed acquired immune deficiency
syndrome can be spread by an isolated case of "rubbing against" the body fluids
of someone with AIDS.

One federal AIDS researcher says he is looking forward to reading the book
since, "I always enjoy fiction."

In their book Crisis: Heterosexual Behavior In The Age Of AIDS, Dr. William
Masters and Virginia Johnson write: "The AIDS virus is now running rampant in
the heterosexual community. Unless something is done to contain this global
epidemic, we face a mounting death toll in the years ahead that will be the most
formidable the world has ever seen."

Newsweek magazine printed excerpts of the book.

'Clearly untrue'

It is "clearly untrue" AIDS is rampant among heterosexuals in North America and
there is no data in the excerpts to support that contention, says Dr. Richard
Mathias of Vancouver, a member of the National Advisory Committee on AIDS that
advises federal Health Minister Jake Epp.

In the United States, where AIDS is spreading rapidly among heterosexuals,
victims are largely intravenous drug abusers who catch it from infected needles,
says Dr. Mike O'Shaugnessy, director of the bureau of laboratories and research
at the Federal Centre for AIDS in Ottawa.

Masters and Johnson say they studied 800 sexually active people who met three
criteria: no intravenous drug use, no blood transfusions since 1977, no
homosexual or bisexual contact.

Risk ratios

Their findings include:

* Among 400 who had at least six sexual partners a year in the preceding five
years, 7 per cent of women and 5 per cent of the men carried the human
immunodeficiency virus (HIV). The presence in the body of HIV indicates previous
contact with the AIDS virus and often precedes the onset of AIDS.

* Among 400 "long-term monogamous" people, one person (or 0.25 per cent) had
HIV.

* Among a subgroup who had more than 12 partners a year, 14 per cent of the
women and 12 per cent of the men were infected with HIV.

* The risk of an infected male spreading AIDS to his female partner is 1 in 400.
The ratio is 1 in 600 in the reverse case.

Mathias says he would like to know more about these ratios.

A risk of 1 in 600 is lower than for most sexually transmitted diseases, he
says.

Splashed blood

He says there's no question AIDS is sexually transmitted from men to women and
from women to men, and though the risk to heterosexuals may be low as a group
it's still good advice to use condoms with a spermicide except in long-term
monogamous relationships.

Masters and Johnson also claim: "Infection with AIDS does not require intimate
sexual contact or sharing of intravenous needles: Transmission can, and does,
occur as a result of person-to-person contact in which blood or other body
fluids from a person who is harboring the virus are splashed on to or rubbed
against someone else, even if this is a single, isolated occurrence."

"We don't have any evidence of that," says O'Shaugnessy. "I don't know why they
made that statement."

In fact, studies of people in the households of people with AIDS who shared
toothbrushes, razors and glasses showed no transmission of the virus, he says.

Federal study

The Federal Centre for AIDS has studied "a couple of hundred" Canadian health
care workers who have pricked themselves with needles or scalpels containing
blood from AIDS patients and none has caught the virus that way, O'Shaugnessy
says.

In Canada, 125 persons caught AIDS heterosexually. Of these, 83 diagnosed with
AIDS are from central African countries and Haiti, where the virus spreads
heterosexually as a usual route. Some 42 caught it from a sexual partner in a
high risk group: a bisexual, blood or blood product recipient, or intravenous
drug user.

"An explosion among heterosexuals isn't likely, and it never has been," said Dr.
Harold Jaffe of the Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta. "But people want to
be told the risk of heterosexual transmission is not worth worrying about. We
have never been in a position to say that. And I doubt we ever will."

Baltimore clinics

Tests of clients in two Baltimore clinics that treat sexually transmitted
diseases have shown the AIDS virus appears to be spreading heterosexually among
that city's black population.

As reported in the New England Journal of Medicine, slightly more than 5 per
cent (1 in 20) of some 4,000 new clients walking through the clinic doors in
Baltimore last spring were infected with the AIDS virus. More than half the
infected women and a third of the infected men did not fit into any of the
groups most at risk for AIDS: homosexuals, intravenous drug users, their sexual
partners.

Health officials point out that people entering these clinics tend to be more
sexually active.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1988 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             837 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 9, 1987, Tuesday, Final Edition

AIDS: A National Turning Point;
Conference Signals a Willingness to Confront Looming Social and Political Issues

BYLINE: Don Colburn, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: HEALTH; PAGE Z8; HEALTH FOCUS

LENGTH: 1533 words


The 6-year-old AIDS epidemic came of age last week as a social and political
issue.

One sign was the sheer numbers at the Third International Conference on AIDS at
the Washington Hilton, the largest scientific meeting ever held on a single
disease. The 7,342 scientists and health-care workers who attended more than
doubled the count at the 1986 AIDS conference in Paris.

"When I think that in 1981, we had a hard time getting a conference of 50 or 60
people together on AIDS, the interest in this conference is very gratifying,"
said Dr. Frank Young, commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration.

Another sign was diversity. The Third International Conference on AIDS brought
together scientists and lay people, virologists and counselors, epidemiologists
and economists, immunologists and ethicists. There were as many sessions on
human behavior as on cell biology, as much concern about how to reach drug
abusers as about how to activate T-cells.

Still another sign was the way politics intruded on a meeting dedicated to
research and rational, nonpartisan discussion of a modern-day plague.

The conference was barely under way when District police, wearing bright yellow
rubber gloves, arrested 64 demonstrators outside the White House during a
protest against the Reagan administration's call for more "routine" testing for
AIDS. Attorney General Edwin Meese later told a meeting of police chiefs that
police should wear rubber gloves when handling people at high risk for AIDS.

President Reagan himself, in his first speech on AIDS in the six years of the
epidemic, had been booed at a dinner on the eve of the conference, as was Vice
President Bush when he advocated increased AIDS testing in his keynote address.

By contrast, Dr. Edward Brandt, chancellor of the University of Maryland's
Baltimore professional schools, received thunderous applause during his summary
speech at the meeting's closing session when he declared, "We cannot let AIDS
become a political toy."

Minutes later, Dr. Otis R. Bowen, secretary of Health and Human Services, was
hissed and booed when he pledged the Reagan administration's intention "to
remain in the forefront of the AIDS issue" and said AIDS had "the president's
complete attention."

The conference itself generated little sensational scientific news. It was less
a forum for scientific bombshells than a record of incremental steps of research
progress. Collectively, the five days of speeches, papers and exhibits offered a
relentless reminder of the dimensions of the global challenge of AIDS.

"We expect no breakthroughs to be reported here," Dr. George Galasso, conference
chairman, said as the meeting opened, and he proved correct.

Two years ago, at the first international AIDS conference in Atlanta, recalled
Dr. June Osborn, dean of the University of Michigan School of Public Health, the
general atmosphere was one of "shock" at the fearsome new retrovirus. Last year
at the Paris meeting the dominant sense was "gloom" about the steadily worsening
scourge of AIDS.

This year, Osborn sensed "restrained but real optimism" on the part of
scientists at the conference, a feeling that the AIDS epidemic "is not so
awesome as to be beyond control."

The roughly 250 papers presented at the conference documented "sound and careful
progress," though "nothing we have learned suggests that the vaccine problem
will be easier than we thought it would," she said.

At least this year, there were "no rude or shocking surprises" reported at the
conference, she said. With an epidemic as new and frightening as AIDS, that in
itself is a kind of progress.

Though Dr. Robert Gallo, one of the first to identify the AIDS virus in 1984,
reported a new AIDS-related virus identified in 10 Nigerians, he emphasized that
it did not yet pose anywhere near the threat that the original AIDS virus does.

"This time at least we are ahead of the game," Osborn said. "This time we can be
braced and ready."

Through universal and increasingly reliable testing of all blood donations in
the United States, the risk of being infected with the AIDS virus from a blood
transfusions has now been reduced far below the risk posed by medical illnesses
that require blood transfusion.

What's more, the panic over AIDS has been blunted by careful scientific
investigation showing that the virus can be transmitted only through sexual
intercourse, the sharing of contaminated needles or other direct exposure to
infected blood -- not through casual contact or by donating blood.

The lesson of the conference is that "good data make good ethics," Osborn said.
"It is a wonderful and merciful fact of this epidemic, that public health and
human rights are, as it turns out, best served by the same approaches."

The conference went beyond pure science and the traditional American search for
a "technological fix" to address every aspect of the AIDS epidemic -- social,
economic, educational and political.

In one sense, the societal challenges posed so starkly by the AIDS epidemic are
not new. They have been raised, if less dramatically, by every other infectious
disease.

"The only new thing about the AIDS virus is the virus itself," Osborn said.

"We're rediscovering what we were doing a generation ago with syphilis and other
sexually transmitted diseases before they were even called sexually transmitted
diseases," said FDA Commissioner Young. "People have forgotten the principles of
controlling infectious disease -- all that lore and science."

Pride in the pace of scientific research on AIDS -- which is caused by a
retrovirus that four years ago had not even been identified -- is tempered by
the knowledge that changing risky human behavior is at least as difficult as
devising a vaccine.

"I am struck by how little is know about human sexuality, drug abuse and other
risk-taking behavior" that are crucial to the spread of AIDS, said Dr. Lars Olaf
Kallings, chairman of next year's AIDS conference in Stockholm.

Even education -- society's most effective weapon against AIDS so far -- is
fraught with complexity.

And particularly in urban areas, AIDS is inextricably tied up with other
socioeconomic problems, including poverty, racism, unemployment, illiteracy,
teenage pregnancy and poor access to health care, said the Rev. Carl Bean, of
the Minority AIDS Council in Los Angeles.

Reaching the inner city poor and the minorities who are at disproportionate risk
of AIDS requires different techniques than reaching middle class whites, he
said.

"If you want to get to the drug addicts, use a recovering addict, not a Phd,"
Bean said. "If you want to get to the prostitutes, use someone from that
community, not someone from UCLA."

Cross-cultural warnings about AIDS have to be carefully designed with the target
audience in mind, agreed Gloria Rodriguez, of the New Jersey Department of
Health, who said the fast-growing Hispanic population has been overlooked by
most public health campaigns.

One-third of the Hispanic population in the United States is under 15 years old,
she said. Forty percent of hispanic families are headed by women, and half of
those are below the poverty line.

And in the Hispanic culture, Rodriguez warned, telling a woman to "be prepared
with condoms" is another way of saying, "You're a loose woman."

No other health issue so entangles scientific and societal issues, said Dr.
Samuel Broder, chief of clinical oncology at the National Cancer Institute. The
only historical parallel he could think of, he said, is "maybe the development
of the atomic bomb -- but we didn't know it at the time."

Testing for the AIDS virus is a volatile political issue raising difficult
questions of cost, confidentiality and individual rights. Most public health
experts support increased voluntary testing but worry that mandatory testing
will drive underground the very groups it is aimed at -- those at high risk for
AIDS, including gay men, intravenous drug users, prostitutes and others.

Testing has been mandatory for military recruits since 1985, and the Senate has
unanimously passed a bill requiring testing of new immigrants to the United
States. Beyond that, proposals to expand testing are highly controversial.

One problem with testing is that there is no effective treatment, let alone a
cure, for those who test positive for the AIDS virus. At least one-third to
one-half of them will come down with AIDS.

With no available cure or vaccine, public health officials must rely on the only
weapon they have against AIDS -- education and behavior changes to curtail
unprotected sexual activity and sharing of intravenous needles.

Simply knowing one's test result, several studies have suggested, is no
guarantee that one will alter one's behavior to slow the spread of the virus.
And the essential public health message stays the same, regardless of the test
result.

"Let's say you test positive," said Dr. Reed V. Tuckson, the District's
Commissioner of Public Health. "I tell you to stop screwing around, and if you
do, use a condom.

"On the other hand, let's say you test negative. What do I tell you? Stop
screwing around, and if you do, use a condom.

"What's the difference?"

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, A POLICE OFFICER WEARING RUBBER GLOVES ARRESTS LEONARD
MATLOVICH, WHO WAS EXPELLED FROM THE MILITARY BECAUSE HE IS GAY. LAST WEEK,
MATLOVICH SAID HE HAS AIDS. JAMES K.W. ATHERTON; PHOTO, "WE CANNOT LET AIDS
BECOME A POLITICAL TOY".-DR. EDWARD N. BRANDT JR.

TYPE: FEATURE

                       Copyright 1987 The Washington Post


                             838 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 30, 1986, Tuesday, Final Edition

Progress Against AIDS;
Work Procedes Amid Guarded Optimism

BYLINE: Larry Thompson, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: HEALTH; PAGE Z6

LENGTH: 1501 words


Nineteen eighty-six may be remembered as the first year in which anyone
recovered from AIDS.  No one is talking about a cure, but the year will be
remembered as a time of significant scientific and clinical progress against
acquired immune deficiency syndrome, a modern epidemic that already has killed
nearly 16,000 Americans since first described in 1981.

Clinical trials with the drug AZT proved so successful that it now is standard
treatment for some AIDS patients. Several different vaccines are being tested in
chimpanzees. It's still too soon to know whether they can prevent the disease.

And, agree most AIDS researchers, this has been a year of rapid discoveries
about the strange virus -- a retrovirus -- that spawned this modern plague: how
diverse this retrovirus is, how it works, the kinds of cells it can infect and
how it causes disease.

Despite the progress, however, there is no real cure for AIDS. Nor does a
vaccine stand ready to stop the epidemic here or abroad. Scientists themselves
are cautious.

"It is likely that there are not going to be major breakthroughs," said Dr.
Anthony S.Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious
Disease.

Yet it was Fauci himself, in Paris last June for an international conference on
AIDS, who reported what may be the first recovery from AIDS. A 34-year-old man
with AIDS and Kaposi's sarcoma, a normally rare skin cancer often associated
with AIDS, was treated with the now-discarded anti-AIDS drug suramin, a bone
marrow transplant from his identical twin brother and transfusions of
lymphocytes, the white blood cells normally destroyed by AIDS.

In June, there had been no sign of the virus in the man for 10 months. His
cancer had regressed and the other symptoms of AIDS disappeared. What's more,
tests of the immune system showed that the man, again, was able to mount an
immunologic attack against invading microorganisms. He recovered to the point
where he went back to work.

"We insist we don't call that a cure," Fauci said in a recent interview. "This
person is a year and a month or two post transplant. That really is nothing to
prove that person is cured."

The same procedure with a bone-marrow transplantation had been tried in two
other patients. Both attempts failed. Even in this one, Fauci explained, the
virus may reappear in the blood at any time. The treatment is not expected to
ever become widespread because of the difficulty of finding donors whose bone
marrow sufficiently matches the bone marrow of the AIDS patient. Unless the
match is good, a bone marrow transplant can be fatal.

But the treatment did prove a point. It showed that the disease could be
attacked, and, perhaps, beaten.

More recently, the successful trials with the drug AZT did the same thing. "It
shatters the doubt that pervaded this entire field," said Dr. Samuel Broder of
the National Cancer Institute. "There was a general belief that it would be
impossible to stop the AIDS retrovirus from replication without damaging the
patient. That has been shattered."

AZT stops the virus from reproducing in the body by blocking a unique viral
enzyme called reverse transcriptase. AZT cannot, however, completely remove the
virus from the body. The doctors believe a patient will probably have to take
the drug for the rest of his or her life.

The federal government's program to screen, develop and test drugs in AIDS
patients is well under way. A number of drugs are now in clinical trials, some
promising, others less so. "We should not be overly optimistic," cautioned
Broder.

Still, next year will see more widespread use of AZT for a wider range of AIDS
symptoms. Currently, AZT is used only for AIDS patients with pneumonia. Soon the
drug will be prescribed for AIDS-related complex, Kaposi's sarcoma, neurological
complications and in pediatric patients.

Several research groups reported advances toward an AIDS vaccine this year,
research findings that strongly suggest a vaccine may be possible. Early in the
year, researchers from Genentech Inc., of South San Francisco, reported that
animals produced neutralizing antibodies against the AIDS virus when vaccinated
with a purified portion of the virus.

A collaborative effort between Duke University, Repligen Corp. of Cambridge,
Mass., the National Institutes of Health and others produced a genetically
engineered vaccine that works in the test tube. Dr. Peter Fischinger, associate
director of the National Cancer Institute, said he was very cautious but that
"this genetically engineered molecule seems to induce the right kind of
antibody."

Over the next year, it and other possible vaccines will undergo tests in
chimpanzees, the only animal besides man that can be infected with the AIDS
virus. Fischinger was unwilling to predict when a vaccine might be available for
testing in human patients.

Key to clinical work and vaccine research is the discovery that there are many
different kinds of AIDS viruses. In the past year, dozens of viruses isolated
from different patients were shown to be sufficiently different that immunity
against one type of AIDS virus would not protect a person against another. Yet
although these were different strains, they still were from the same virus.

Researchers on both sides of the Atlantic have also reported finding AIDS
viruses that were so different they had to be considered a different virus
entirely, not merely a new strain of AIDS.

These discoveries raise questions about how easy it will be to make a vaccine
that will protect against all the major strains of AIDS. It also raises
questions about the reliability of the tests used to screen blood used for
transfusions.

So far, the blood screening tests are able to determine whether a person has
been exposed to the AIDS viruses now in circulation in the United States,
NIAID's Fauci said. What concerns health officials is that a new strain may
surface and not be detected by current blood tests.

"We do not seen any evidence of immediate risk at this time," said Dr. Roger
Dodd, head of transmissable diseases lab, American Red Cross, National
Headquarters. He said the Red Cross is now thinking about future changes in the
tests to keep the blood supply as safe as possible.

While scientists continue to make progress againt AIDS, the disease continues to
spread, though now, apparently, more slowly. At the end of 1984, the Centers for
Disease Control was reporting that the number of new cases of AIDS was doubling
every nine months.  Since then, it has slowed so that the doubling rate is now
13 months.  But the numbers are still going up.

AIDS has stricken nearly 30,000 Americans, killing 75 percent of those diagnosed
before the end of 1984. Estimates suggest that 1.5 million Americans are
currently infected with the AIDS virus, and statisticians predict that 270,000
cases will be diagnosed by 1991.

The good news is that studies continue to show that AIDS cannot be transmitted
by casual contact. It spreads through intimate sexual contact or through
contaminated needles shared by drug abusers. The groups most at risk for
contracting the disease continue to be homosexual and bisexual men (63.8
percent), intravenous drug abusers (15.4 percent), transfusion patients (1.8
percent), heterosexual contact (3.6 percent) and unknown (3.1 percent).

As the disease spreads, constitutional and public health issues related to AIDS
are bound to cause more controversies next year. Should the AIDS blood test, for
example, be used to screen the work force or even the whole population? Should
public health departments spend more time tracking down the sexual partners of
AIDS patients to warn them that they are at risk?

And should sex education, especially relating to the transmission of AIDS, be
provided for younger and younger children, as called for by U.S. Surgeon General
Dr. C. Everett Koop this fall? Without a vaccine, the spread of AIDS can be
prevented only by avoiding contaminated needles and through safer sexual
practices, such as the use of condoms.

And if the social institutions fail to help stem the disease, will science
emerge as the savior and provide a cure?

"Very doubtful," Fauci said.

The main problem is the AIDS virus itself. As part of its life cycle, the AIDS
retrovirus intertwines its genes into the genes of the patient, setting up a
permanent infection. No one knows how to get the alien viral genes back out.

To cure the patient, every infected cell must be killed. No one knows how to do
that, either. "There is no drug that can eliminate a latently infected cell,"
Fauci said.

For now AIDS research will inch along, with each new study building on the
previous one. Progress has come slowly, but as knowledge accumulates, as new
drugs are given to patients, as new vaccines are tested in animals, physicians
will get new tools to fight the disease.

"I am cautiously optimistic," Fauci said. "We are not going around in circles.
We are clearly going in the right direction."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, (HUMAN HEADS ATOP GRAVESTONES), STUART ARMSTRONG FOR TWP

TYPE: FEATURE

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                             839 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 22, 1985, Friday, Final Edition

Live Aid And the Swirl of Criticism;
Leaders Under Fire As Disorganized, Slow

BYLINE: By Steve Coll, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Style; B1

LENGTH: 1864 words


Four months after the gala rock concerts that raised millions of dollars for
African famine relief, the celebrity organizers of the Live Aid Foundation are
under fire from private charity groups who say the foundation is disorganized
and has failed to move quickly enough to fund their proposals to aid starving
Africans.

Earlier this month, Live Aid attempted to improve its administrative procedures
by establishing an American operations center at Georgetown University. But
officials of the private relief groups operating in famine-stricken areas of
Africa also have criticized the Georgetown center, saying it has no direct
experience in the famine relief field and is poorly qualified to evaluate their
requests for funding.

At a meeting here last week with the director of the Georgetown Live Aid center,
the Rev. Harold Bradley, representatives from 50 major voluntary agencies
seeking Live Aid money for their projects in Africa strongly criticized the way
Live Aid has handled the approximately $70 million it says it has raised for
famine relief, according to some of those who attended the meeting.

Live Aid officials said they have purchased 17,000 tons of grain, 169 trucks,
200,000 gallons of diesel fuel and numerous other supplies. But officials in
London and Los Angeles gave contradictory reports about their finances, and the
organization's executive director, Kevin Jenden, said he was unable to provide
detailed information about his organization's revenues and expenditures.

Live Aid has not yet released any audited statement of its finances in England
or the United States. Jenden said he hoped to be able to release "a statement of
affairs" by the end of November.

"There is a lack of clarity about how much money has been allocated and how much
remains," said a senior official of one private relief organization. "I think
these figures that are talked about just come off the tops of people's heads and
then become gospel. Nobody really knows." The official declined to be
identified, saying that public criticism of Live Aid might jeopardize his
agency's chances of receiving Live Aid money.

"The situation has been chaotic ever since Band Aid the English version of Live
Aid, founded by rock singer Bob Geldof and organized separately for tax purposes
was formed," another senior relief official said. "We got some rumors to send in
some proposals quickly to London and they just sat there and nothing ever got
acted on. Many agencies have had proposals sitting in London and Los Angeles for
months without anything occurring."

U.S. Agency for International Development (AID) and private relief officials
cited the case of a mid-September request by the Save the Children Federation
for an emergency $500,000 grant from Live Aid to transport 400 tons of chickpea
seeds from Morocco to Ethiopia. Save the Children had already bought the seeds,
which had to be planted within a two-week "window" following the Ethiopian rainy
season. But it did not have the cash available to fly the seeds from Morocco to
Addis Ababa, the Ethiopian capital.

Live Aid previously had announced that it would provide money for relief
agencies' emergency transportation needs. Later, it also had announced a
cooperative agreement with AID, which was assisting Save the Children with its
seed planting program. Every day for a week, Save the Children and AID pressed
their request on Live Aid officials in London via telegram, telex and telephone.
But as the deadline neared, no answer came.

Finally, AID administrator M. Peter McPherson stepped in and made a personal
plea to Live Aid officials for the money. Despite contrary assurances from AID,
Live Aid indicated that it wasn't sure the necessary clearances for the seed
planting could be obtained from the Ethiopian government, according to AID
officials, and it turned down the request. AID eventually agreed to reimburse
Save the Children for part of its transport costs, and the seeds were flown to
Ethiopia in time. The Ethiopian government cleared the planting program without
incident.

AID official Ted Morris emphasized that the confusion surrounding Save the
Children's request was an "exception" to an otherwise cooperative relationship
between AID and Live Aid. "You're not going to win every little seed case,"
Morris said. A spokesman for Save the Children said his agency was
"disappointed" that the request had been turned down, but said that it hoped
subsequent proposals submitted to Live Aid for funding would be considered and
approved.

"We're not here as a bail-out operation for Save the Children or anyone else.
That's not our job," said Harvey Goldsmith, a Live Aid trustee. "Why the hell
did they buy the seeds in Morocco if they couldn't move them?"

Live Aid representatives acknowledge that there have been delays in processing
proposals but say their new Georgetown center will solve the problem by acting
as a clearinghouse for famine relief proposals from U.S.-based charities.
Officials at those charities, however, expressed doubts about the center's
competence to do so.

"There is concern that they are not the most appropriate people to judge the
merits of programs," said Peter Davies, president and chief executive officer of
InterAction, an umbrella group of more than 100 American private voluntary
organizations. "The center does not have any experience in the field."

"It's a little unnerving to many of us to find that a group that none of us
knows anything about is deciding how to use a very large amount of money," said
one senior charity official. "If you make one false step or fund an agency which
is not legitimate or not able to carry out its responsibilities, you could sully
the whole record of everybody, including Live Aid."

The Georgetown center, which had been primarily engaged in immigration policy
research before hooking up with Live Aid, was selected after what one Live Aid
official described as a "very informal" process. No other arrangements were
considered.

It began last August, when Live Aid offices in Los Angeles were flooded with
hundreds of famine relief proposals seeking to tap the millions raised at a pair
of televised rock concerts in Philadelphia and London. Mike Mitchell, a
Hollywood producer and one of the Live Aid concert organizers, decided that Live
Aid's Los Angeles operation could not handle the requests for money. Mitchell
was also anxious, now that the concert had been successfully staged, to return
his full attention to his entertainment business. "The feeling was that everyone
was getting inundated by the proposals," said Zoe Miller, a Live Aid project
manager.

Mitchell's Washington attorney, John Ward, a Georgetown graduate and law partner
of former Reagan campaign manager John Sears, volunteered to contact the
university to see if it might be willing to sponsor a Live Aid center. When he
did, university officials directed him to Father Bradley, director of
Georgetown's Center for Immigration Policy and Refugee Assistance (CIPRA). On
Sunday, Sept. 29, Bradley met with Live Aid founder Geldof in Washington; in
early October, he flew to London to negotiate a final agreement. Under that
agreement, all of the Live Aid center's administrative costs are covered by
CIPRA's own budget, according to Bradley.

CIPRA's administrative expenses, totaling about $1 million over the last five
years, have been paid for by grants from the Engelhard Foundation, whose
endowment comes from a family fortune that originated in South African gold
mines. Bradley said he never informed Geldof or any other Live Aid officials
that CIPRA's administrative expenses have been covered by the New Jersey-based
foundation.

The Engelhard Foundation was incorporated in 1974 by the widow of industrialist
Charles W. Engelhard, who died in 1971. Engelhard built his fortune from
extensive gold mining operations in South Africa, though he later expanded into
South America, Europe and the United States. Shortly before his death, when gold
mining in South Africa was in decline, Engelhard pulled his company out of the
country. The Engelhard Foundation no longer receives money from South African
gold mining operations. Typically, its donations go to educational, cultural,
medical, religious, wildlife and conservation organizations.

Six years ago, when the foundation endowed a library at Harvard University's
Kennedy School of Government, student protests erupted over the Engelhards'
former South African connections, and the foundation finally agreed to allow the
Engelhard name to be left off the library.

Bradley said that after Charles Engelhard's daughter Sophie offered to fund
CIPRA in memory of a mutual friend who had been a professor at Georgetown, "I
didn't involve myself any more in questions about the money."

"CIPRA will take money from any foundation," said David Waters, a spokesman for
the Live Aid center at Georgetown.

Bradley said the increasing tension between Live Aid and the private
organizations that operate camps and development programs in Africa is largely a
result of Bob Geldof's attempt to force the charities to cooperate with one
another before they receive Live Aid money.

"Each of the voluntary agencies has its own fund-raising mechanism and pretty
much goes into a country to try to compete with each other for the poor. And Bob
didn't like that at all," Bradley said. "One of the things he says in private is
that he's convinced that the voluntary agencies themselves are at least partly
responsible for the disaster in Ethiopia and Sudan . . . He doesn't want to
appear to be like all the rest of the agencies that are self-serving."

Live Aid executive director Jenden will arrive in Washington this weekend for
meetings with Bradley and AID officials. From London earlier this week, Jenden
said he "can't understand" the frustration of the private relief groups.

"It's like selling cars," Jenden said. "Each agency will tell you that they're
the best, and each agency will criticize the other agencies horrendously. We
have to take a detached viewpoint . . . One thing we've seen over 10 months of
operation is too many agencies not working closely enough together and a failure
to save as many lives as might otherwise be saved. We're not saying we know
more. We're just saying that maybe you need to stand back a little bit and get
an overview."

Bradley's criticism of the private agencies is "valid," Jenden said. "They've
not been encouraged to coordinate, so there has been duplication and waste. So
until we see full and proper coordination, money will be wasted, and the public
will respond to that cynically. We have to do what we can, including
criticizing."

Jenden conceded that Live Aid "is not acting in a manner that previously
established organizations have followed" and thus is vulnerable to criticism.

Live Aid and officials of the private relief groups agree that they must learn
to cooperate, or the outpouring of contributions from the Live Aid concerts will
be wasted. "We all really care about this long-term development," said Elise
Smith, director of the Overseas Education Fund. "This is an opportunity that we
all don't want to lose."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, The Rev. Harold Bradley. The Washington Post

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                             840 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    August 22, 1985, Thursday, Final Edition

Baltimore Nursing Home Will Provide Care To Dying AIDS Victim

BYLINE: By Paul W. Valentine, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; C1

LENGTH: 818 words

DATELINE: BALTIMORE, Aug. 21, 1985


A private nursing home designed chiefly for the elderly has been approved by
Maryland health officials to accept an AIDS patient -- and will be the first
such facility to do so in Maryland and one of only a few in the United States.

Administrators at Seton Hill Manor, a 310-bed nursing facility near downtown
Baltimore, and state health officials announced the unusual arrangement today in
a joint news conference called also to debunk what officials said were myths
about AIDS and its alleged contagion from casual contact with its victims.

Seton Hill administrators threw open the third floor of their facility to
reporters and television camera crews for a view of the sparsely furnished room
where the still unselected AIDS patient will live, presumably a bed- or
chair-ridden patient with a life expectancy of about 60 days.

"Everyone should have equal access to health care," said Lorraine Raffel, Seton
Hill's president and administrator. "AIDS patients must not become the lepers of
the 1980s."

Raffel said she had met with both residents and staff of Seton Hill before
making the decision to accept an AIDS patient. She said she found that after
instructing the staff in special infection control procedures and explaining the
unlikelihood of contagion, the staff accepted the idea.

"They were very supportive of our decision," she said. " . . . No patient or
staff members decided to leave."

Seton Hill nursing aide Mattie Odom said her two daughters had expressed concern
about her involvement with AIDS, telling her, "You better check this out before
you get into it." But ultimately, "I was satisfied there was no risk for me at
all," she said.

"The reaction of the residents is they seem to think it's all right," said Seton
Hill Residents Council President George Smith. " . . . I don't feel worried
about it."

AIDS, the acronym for acquired immune deficiency syndrome, is a condition that
causes the body to lose its resistance to disease. Found most commonly in the
United States among homosexual men and intravenous drug users, it leads to
severe illnesses, such as pneumonia, and almost always results in death.

Reported cases of AIDS have been on the increase, causing increased alarm in the
general population, and pressure has grown among public health policy makers to
accommodate AIDS victims more than in the past.

Maryland Department of Health and Mental Hygiene figures show 193 reported cases
of AIDS in the state since 1979, with more than 150 in the last 18 months. Of
the total, 108 have died.

In response to the AIDS increase, health officials recently surveyed the state's
204 nursing homes, soliciting those that appeared best equipped for handling
extended, post-hospital care of patients in the terminal stages of AIDS.

In addition to Seton Hill, four other nursing homes have indicated a willingness
to take AIDS patients and of those, three are currently undergoing special
training, officials said. They declined to name the facilities.

Nursing homes generally are prohibited from accepting patients with communicable
diseases, such as hepatitis or AIDS, but can obtain waivers by applying special
state-required infection control measures.

Raffel said the AIDS patient at Seton Hill will not be purposely segregated from
the rest of the nursing home, but since he is likely to be bed- or chair-ridden,
he is not expected to circulate through the facility.

Initially, staff members will wear gowns and gloves when attending the patient,
she said, and his laundry will be washed separately. His cups, plates and other
eating implements, like those of the other patients, will be made of disposable
plastic and thrown away after use, Raffel said.

Raffel said she may accept one or two more AIDS patients if they apply.

Officials of AIDS clinics and research centers throughout the country applauded
the state-sanctioned AIDS program.

"I think it's wonderful that Maryland is taking the lead in this," said Caitlin
Ryan, manager of the AIDS education fund at the Whitman Walker Clinic in the
District.

Ryan, as well as AIDS clinic officials in San Francisco and New York, where
there are large homosexual populations, said they are aware of only a few other
private nursing homes that have accepted AIDS patients.

Thomas Krajewski, assistant secretary for health in the state Department of
Health and Mental Hygiene, said studies by the Communicable Disease Centers in
Atlanta show that hundreds of care providers and family members in close touch
with AIDS victims have failed to develop AIDS themselves.

"No casual contact causes AIDS," Krajewski said. "That's the unwarranted fear .
. . . Even significant contact" will not cause AIDS to spread.

Krajewski and other officials said that AIDS is transmitted principally through
sexual contact or exchanges of blood or other bodily fluids through intravenous
needles used by AIDS victims.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Lorrain Raffel, Seton Hill Manor nursing home's administrator,
in the room that will be occupied by an AIDS victim. By Rich Lipski -- The
Washington Post

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                             841 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                           February 15, 2011 Tuesday
                                  1 - Edition

Aussie aid makes a world of difference Aid makes a world of difference

BYLINE: John Andrewartha

SECTION: TALKING POINT; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 978  words


Generosity may begin at home, but it pays to extend that kindness overseas.

JUST as Australia's overseas aid budget was set to approach $5 billion for the
first time making the country's overseas assistance package the fifth-largest
element of the Federal Government's expenditure the Opposition has called for an
almost $500 million cut to aid to Indonesia.

The Coalition's stance has angered the Federal Government and aid agencies,
which have gone to great lengths to assure Australians that overseas aid makes a
real difference.

Opposition Leader Tony Abbott said the Coalition was committed to doing
everything necessary to rebuild communities hit by floods and Cyclone Yasi this
summer.

The Coalition's approach would provide more than $2 billion to tackle the
aftermath of the Queensland floods and Cyclone Yasi.

Abbott said deferring nearly $500 million from the Australia Indonesia Education
Partnership would help boost federal coffers.

But Foreign Affairs Minister Kevin Rudd and the chief executive of UNICEF
Australia, Dr Norman Gillespie, both highlighted the benefits of overseas aid,
with Rudd saying that cutting Indonesian aid was a mistake.

Rudd, who will be in Hobart today to speak about the country's foreign aid
program, said he had received evaluation reports that revealed the program was
reaching its objectives.

``This program seeks not just to build schools, it also provides training
programs for virtually all of Indonesia's school principals,'' he said.

Gillespie said Australian aid was making an enormous difference worldwide, but
it was important the community understood how aid was allocated.

He said there was little doubt Australian aid was making a positive impact on
the lives of millions of people living in real poverty.

``Yet we often only hear about aid in Australia when there is a significant
disaster, such as with the floods in Pakistan, the Haiti earthquake and the
[2004] Boxing Day tsunami,'' Gillespie said.

He said these emergency response efforts only accounted for a small percentage
of the total Australian aid program.

UNICEF's bigger focus includes the Federal Government's aid arm, AusAID, which
tackles long-term structural issues that keep people trapped in poverty.

The 2010 AusAID budget reveals less than 15 per cent of the $4.2 billion
allocation is dedicated to emergency response efforts, while most of the
remaining funds are used for long-term developments, including improving farming
methods to increase crop production and nutrition; improving water supplies to
limit the spread of diarrhoea and dysentery; and increasing access to education
and health services.

Gillespie said aid agencies such as UNICEF worked to give communities the tools
to lift themselves out of poverty.

``The theory and practice of aid delivery has advanced significantly during
recent years, but it is built around the simple premise of teaching a person how
to fish, rather than just giving them a fishing rod,'' he said.

Gillespie said Rudd had lifted the profile of Australia's aid program.

``Aid had long sat independently from the Foreign Affairs and Trade portfolios
in Australia,'' Gillespie said. ``But now with Mr Rudd directly overseeing the
aid program, there has been a stark change.

``Mr Rudd's passion and knowledge of overseas development and aid is extremely
welcome.

``And the increased focus Mr Rudd has brought to an area that is crucial to the
security and stability of our region is long overdue.

``Many in the aid sector were concerned about changes in the policy framework
brought in under the direction of the Howard government because it focused too
much on governance.

``In 1996, Alexander Downer commissioned a review of the Australian aid program,
claiming it had `multiple objectives that burdened the aid program and blunted
its impact'.

``Mr Downer was referring to commercial and foreign policy interests, long the
bane of effective poverty-focused aid programs.

``The review resulted in the implementation of an official objective which
remains largely unchanged today a directive that Australian aid dollars are used
solely on alleviating poverty.''

Gillespie said Australia's aid program went through significant changes under
Downer.

``But a top-down approach continued, which meant resources were allocated away
from the staples of reducing poverty,'' he said.

``The Rudd government set about reinforcing an aid program focused on poverty.
The world had shifted its aid programs to focus on the international action plan
to tackle poverty, known as the Millennium Development Goals.

``While John Howard had signed on to the goals, it was the Rudd government which
reframed policy around meeting targets.''

Gillespie said there had been some positive AusAID developments in the past few
years that had helped the poorest of the poor.

``And with the aid budget set to double during the next five years, the
Australian public deserves to have its say in how taxes are spent,'' he said.

``One of the key problems facing the Australian aid program is the limited
knowledge many Australians have about aid, development and what does and does
not work.

``The first question many people ask is: `How much of the money gets there?' At
UNICEF we can say 90 cents in every dollar arrives during emergency appeals and
at least 75 cents in every dollar is delivered through our other work.''

Gillespie said that 34,000 children in 1990 were dying each day due to
poverty-related causes.

``Today we have reduced that number by 12,000 children every single day,'' he
said. ``The tragedy of course is that 22,000 children die every day due to
preventable causes.

``We can stop this . . . because every child should have a right to life.''

* Kevin Rudd will speak at a forum titled A Fair Go for All: Australia's Foreign
Aid Program, at the Stanley Burbury Lecture Theatre at the University of
Tasmania's Sandy Bay campus at 6.30pm today.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MER


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             842 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            April 27, 2006 Thursday
                                 First Edition

AID AND OBLIGATION;
FOCUS

BYLINE: Tim Colebatch

SECTION: NEWS; Features; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 1571 words


Australia plans to increase its foreign aid budget to $4 billion by 2010. Tim
Colebatch examines how we disperse the money and explains the changes
foreshadowed by the government's white

WHERE DOES OUR AID MONEY GO?

Roughly three dollars in every eight we spend go to Papua New Guinea and the
Pacific Islands, which Australia regards as its core responsibility in
development aid.

In 2005-06, PNG is budgeted to receive $492 million, almost 20 per cent of the
aid budget, or $85 for each of its 5.8 million people. Much of this is going
into support for law and order and government reform. Australia no longer gives
money directly to the PNG budget, which made it easy to divert, but funds only
project aid.

The Solomon Islands is Australia's third-biggest aid recipient, despite having
fewer than 500,000 people. In 2005-06 it was budgeted to receive $247 million,
10 per cent of the aid budget, mostly to pay for Australian security forces and
consultants stationed in Honiara under the regional security initiative, RAMSI.
The annual cost to the aid budget is $530 per Solomon Islander, whereas
Australia gives African governments aid of 11 cents a year for every African.

Indonesia is the other big recipient of Australian aid, and under a $1 billion
long-term aid package agreed to last year by Prime Minister John Howard and
President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, is set to remain so. In 2005- 06 it was
budgeted to get $302 million, much of it directed into grassroots projects in
the relatively backward islands at the Australian end of the archipelago.

Indonesia and the Pacific account for roughly half the aid budget. A little less
than a quarter goes to aid for the rest of the world, mostly to other countries
in East Asia, such as Vietnam, the Philippines and East Timor ($324 million),
and smaller amounts to South Asian countries such as Bangladesh and Sri Lanka
($98 million), Africa ($77 million) and the Middle East ($67 million, mostly to
Iraq and Afghanistan).

Another $173 million is delivered by other departments, including scholarships
for Asian and Pacific students in Australia, and $486 million goes into
administration, contributions to multilateral aid bodies such as the World Bank.

WHAT DO WE SPEND THE MONEY ON?

Australia's intervention in PNG and the Solomon Islands now dominates the aid
budget. In 2005-06, almost half our aid was spent on projects aimed at
delivering law and order and improving the quality of government. World Vision
estimates that in the past four years spending on these government-centric
programs has grown from $341 million to $896 million, including $421 million on
law and order alone.

To make room for them, spending on poverty-reduction programs such as health,
education, infrastructure and rural development has shrunk, from $1124 million
to $1046 million. Spending on AIDS prevention programs has doubled to $96
million, with $293 million spent on other health services through rural clinics
and other means.

Just $98 million is spent on basic schooling such as primary schools, and $251
million on higher education. The biggest cuts have come in rural development
(down from $261 million to $224 million) and infrastructure projects, which now
get $174 million, a third less than they were given before law and order took
over.

ARE THERE STRINGS ATTACHED TO THE AID?

Not many. Unlike the US, Australia does not attach political conditions to its
aid, such as refusing to fund health centres that perform abortions. Apart from
a $500 million loan as half of its $1 billion post-tsunami aid to Indonesia,
Australia gives its aid money as grants, so recipients are not burdened with
debt thereafter.

The main string, however, is a big one: Australia gives most of its aid in the
form of Australian goods and services, which can be expensive and of dubious
benefit. Did Iraqis get much benefit from the $1 million "aid" that Ausaid
"gave" them when it was ordered to pay the salary of former AWB chairman Trevor
Flugge's salary during his months as an adviser in Baghdad? World Vision
estimates that up to 80 per cent of Australian aid money ends up with
Australians, rather than being spent where it will make most impact.

SO POLITICS INFLUENCES THE ALLOCATION OF AID?

You bet. As the Flugge affair showed, the Ausaid budget is a weakly defended pot
of gold that ministers and other departments can dip into at will to fund their
own priorities.

Ausaid is paying out $171 million in aid to Iraq and $136 million so far to
Afghanistan, which have been given priority because of the war on terrorism. Aid
to Indonesia has doubled since Dr Yudhoyono took office, partly because
Australia wants to give him support.

Australian aid focuses on the Pacific and our near neighbours because it helps
buy us influence. Africa is the region in most need of aid, but only 3 per cent
of Australia's aid budget is spent there, because it is too remote to matter to
us.

EDITORIAL NEWS 18 ONLINE

www.ausaid.gov.au/

www.dfat.gov.au/aib/international_aid.html

www.australianpolitics.com/foreign/

THE WHITE PAPER: WHAT CHANGES

THE DOLLARS

Problem: Australia spends only $2.5 billion a year on foreign aid, or 0.25 per
cent of its income. This is the fourth-lowest level among the 22 main donors.

Solution: Total aid budget will increase to $4 billion a year by 2010, or 0.36
per cent of national income. Australia will, however, remain near the bottom of
the donor ladder.

LOCAL CONTENT

Problem: Up to 80 per cent of Australian aid is in the form of Australian goods
and services, which aid groups say are often far more expensive than those
bought or supplied locally or by another country.

Solution: Aid programs will no longer be required to use Australian suppliers of
goods and services, but will be opened up to worldwide tenders.

Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said yesterday he thought this would make
little change to actual practice, and the white paper seems to envisage relying
on Australian consultants for many programs.

INFRASTRUCTURE

Problem: Asia and the Pacific need to invest $270 billion a year for the next
five years to overcome critical infrastructure shortcomings, yet Australia's
infrastructure aid has been slashed in recent years.

Solution: The white paper foreshadows a new program, Infrastructure for Growth,
to offer $800 million over five years for infrastructure investments such as
rural electrification, rural roads, building schools and health centres, and
extending water to smaller towns and villages.

HEALTH

Problem: Despite much progress, the lack of health services, clean water,
sanitation and safe practices cause a massive loss of lives in the region. In
East Timor, one in every 150 births causes the death of the mother, AIDS is
spreading through the region and PNG and the Solomon Islands have the world's
highest incidence of malaria.

Solution: The white paper proposes to double Australia's spending on health aid
by 2010, from $300 million to about $600 million. This will focus on maternal
health; sexual and reproductive health, including contraception, nutritional
programs and AIDS; improved sanitation; immunisation programs; and strengthening
the health infrastructure and workforce. Ausaid also plans a long-term program
to tackle malaria in the Solomons and Vanuatu.

EDUCATION

Problem: Millions of children in the region grow up without completing even
basic schooling, and at higher levels many countries lack the professionals they
need to deliver basic services, partly because professionals tend to emigrate to
Australia or New Zealand.

Solution: The white paper proposes to treble the amount Australia spends on
support for national education systems, funding Islamic schools, among others,
to tackle "pockets of disadvantage'' in countries such as Indonesia, assisting
in teacher training and the supply of materials to ensure "improved and expanded
service delivery''.

Australia will also offer $443 million of new funding over five years to double
to 19,500 the number of scholarships for Asian or Pacific students to study in
Australia.

LAND TENURE

Problem: As in Aboriginal Australia, the traditional system of communal
ownership of land in PNG and the Pacific has become an impediment to
development, making it difficult to put the land to new uses.

Solution: Ausaid will finance programs to introduce innovative ways of allowing
tribal land to be leased for business ventures, while maintaining communal
ownership.

WHAT HASN'T CHANGED

- Australia's aid program will continue to focus overwhelmingly on Asia and the
Pacific, with the white paper ruling out a substantial increase in aid to
Africa, the world's poorest region, on the grounds that "given the global
concentration of donor effort on Africa, Australia is better placed to focus on
its own region''.

- Australia's aid will combine altruism with selfinterest, with aid programs
having a fourfold focus: accelerating economic growth; fostering functioning and
effective states; investing in people; and promoting regional stability and
cooperation.

The overall objective remains "to assist develop countries to reduce poverty and
achieve sustainable development, in line with Australia's national interest''.

WHERE DOES OUR AID GO? 2005-06
   $M  $/HEAD
 PACIFIC   955  124.38
 PNG   492  85.29
 SOLOMON ISLANDS  247  529.61
 EAST ASIA  646  0.33
 INDONESIA  302  1.40
 EAST TIMOR  42  45.41
 SOUTH ASIA  98  0.06
 AFRICA   77  0.11
 MIDDLE EAST  67  0.22
 OTHER   648  -
 TOTAL   2491  -
 SOURCE: BUDGET PAPERS


LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TWO PHOTOS: Villagers in PNG carry sacks of rice delivered by the
Australian Air Force. PHOTO: AAP; MAP: GRAPHIC: MICHAEL WHITEHEAD

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             843 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                      April 28, 1992, Tuesday, 1* EDITION

Groups bury hatchet, set up house together in new resource centre

BYLINE: REBECCA WIGOD; VANSUN

SECTION:  Pg. B1

LENGTH: 438 words


Vancouver's two biggest AIDS organizations are healing past differences and
moving in together.

A new AIDS Resource Centre, to open July 1, will house both AIDS Vancouver and
its more radical offshoot, the Vancouver Persons with AIDS Society.

A suite of offices at the corner of Helmcken and Seymour streets will also
accommodate the Women and HIV/AIDS Support Network as an equal partner.

Mark Mees, executive director of AIDS Vancouver, said his organization and the
PWA Society realize that to make an impact "we need to complement each other a
lot more closely."

AIDS Vancouver, the first Canadian community group to respond to the emerging
epidemic, was founded in 1983. Four years later, the PWA Society was created by
a breakaway group that felt the need for a more radical type of advocacy.

"Whenever something like that happens, there's going to be antagonism," said
Mees. "There was a time two or three years ago when the groups didn't get
along."

The new centre will realize a dream of the late Alex Kowalski, past chairman of
the PWA Society. According to Mees, Kowalski thought all AIDS organizations, and
all services people with HIV disease require, should be located in one building
- "a one-stop AIDS shopping centre, so to speak."

Until now, the public has been confused about the differing functions of AIDS
Vancouver and the PWA Society. Writer David Ferman, who compiled Contacts, a
comprehensive guide to AIDS education and support services in B.C., said the
question he was asked most often was "What is the difference between the two
groups?"

In a nutshell, AIDS Vancouver focuses on education and support, reaching out to
the broader community, while PWA - run by and for people with HIV disease -
concentrates on advocacy and patient empowerment.

Because neither goal can be achieved in isolation, the two groups are in daily
contact.

AIDS Vancouver is run by 15 staff and more than 300 volunteers, 60 to 70 of whom
operate a help line (687-AIDS) that puts callers in touch with services.

AIDS Vancouver also gives out assistance grants to people with HIV, provides
them with "buddies" for support, and lends out walkers and wheelchairs.

The PWA Society - with 1,145 members and three more joining every two days - has
only four paid staff members. Its 12 board members, all HIV-positive, handle
portfolios, such as long-term care and housing.

The Women and HIV/AIDS Support Network, which will share office space with the
other two organizations, runs support groups for HIV-positive women and is
planning to offer drop-in services and individual appointments.


LOAD-DATE: April 28, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: LIVING WITH AIDS

               Copyright 1992 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             844 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    October 19, 1990, Friday, FINAL EDITION

'Pioneering' women with AIDS urge others to speak out in book project

BYLINE: By Catherine Dunphy Toronto Star

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 564 words


AIDS is now a women's disease.

In fact, so many heterosexual women are HIV-positive they are counted as the
fastest growing segment of the AIDS population.

Still the statistics can be confusing.

"There are not many clear statistics on the numbers of women who have tested
positive, but 300 women across Canada have been diagnosed (with AIDS), so we can
assume probably 1,500 women (test positive)," says Lesli Gaynor of the AIDS
Committee of Toronto (ACT).

The most recent City of Toronto report says there have been 142 women reported
HIV-positive during the past six years. The biggest increase (from six to 39
reported cases) occurred between 1986 and 1987; in '88 there were 28 reported
HIV-infected women, in '89 there were 38, and so far this year, 30.

Two months ago across Canada, 229 female adults and 26 female children were
reported as HIV-positive, but many cases go unreported.

"They say the number of heterosexual women now getting AIDS is equal to AIDS'
rate of increase in gay men in 1984," says Darien Taylor.

She looks across the restaurant table on Church St. and grins.

She is 33, and she is a woman with AIDS. She is not hiding anything. Darien
Taylor is her real name. She is active with ACT, with its fledgling women's
groups and will soon be a major leader with the very vocal, very upfront AIDS
lobby group, AIDS Action Now.

She's public and above-board because she believes HIV-positive women have been
ignored - by the professionals, by the community activists, by other people with
AIDS.

"Even the one poster (for the current AIDS Awareness Week) they did about 'the
girl-next-door' getting AIDS showed a door opened slightly - the women were
totally out of sight," she says.

Which is why she wants women with AIDS from all over the world to speak up and
out about their experiences. Taylor and another woman with AIDS have a $ 16,000
Canada Council grant to gather the women's experiences into a book. They've put
out a call for submissions - everything from cartoons and love letters to
diaries and dreams. Already they've had replies from New Zealand, Switzerland
and a native American woman.

They're willing to go to groups of HIV-positive women and lead discussions;
they'd like to get so many artistic submissions they could mount an exhibition;
they want to hear from HIV-infected women in Africa, Asia and beyond.

"This book says that this is what we are doing about ourselves. We are not
collecting work already done but work being written by amateurs for the first
time," says Taylor.

If requested, anonymity is guaranteed, because even Taylor's fellow editor on
the project uses a pseudonym. She calls herself Andrea Zack and will not allow
any details - even her age - to be published in case people learn she has AIDS.

She talks upbeat: "We're told face on we are mortal. It's like a kick in the ass
but it also gives you a space to explore things. There are privileges to living
with a life-threatening situation. It has given me much more energy and I'm
doing things with so much more focus."

This year's World AIDS Day - Dec. 1 - focuses on women and AIDS. "This disease
has not been studied as a woman's disease. These women (with AIDS) are
pioneering," says ACT's Gaynor.

* For information on submissions to the book by women with AIDS, contact: P.O.
Box 471, Station C, Toronto M6J 3P5.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1990 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             845 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     April 3, 1989, Monday, WEEKLY EDITION

Foreign aid likely victim of deficit-cutting drive

BYLINE: Andrew Cohen

SECTION: SECTION 1; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 987 words


  The federal government is fixing on foreign aid - one of its few international
successes - as an easy way to reduce spending with little political risk.

The Canadian International Development Agency and the aid community are
preparing for budget cuts. The question is whether the government will actually
cut the current budget or cancel projected spending increases.

In the 1988-89 fiscal year ended March 31, Canada spent an estimated $2.9
billion on official development assistance, or 0.5% of its gross national
product. In 1987-1988, it spent $2.6 billion, or 0.48% of GNP.

The Conservatives have won praise at home and abroad for maintaining aid in a
time of fiscal restraint. Canada is the eighth-largest donor in the world. Among
members of the OECD, Canada gives one third more as a percentage of GNP than the
average - twice as much as the U.S. but half as much as Holland.

In fact, many argue the aid program is the only bright spot in a foreign policy
that has recently come under attack for indecision on the Middle East, the
Soviet Union and South Africa.

'SHORT-SIGHTED'

Nongovernmental organizations, which spend about 20% of aid dollars, are
lobbying the government. They fear a return to the late 1970s when the Trudeau
government reduced aid in the name of austerity.

''Cutting the aid budget is not a soft way of bringing down the deficit,'' says
Tim Brodhead, executive-director of the Canadian Council for International
Co-operation, which represents 110 aid agencies. ''We are just shifting the
burden to those in Africa who have less than we do. It's short-sighted.''

In a letter to members of Parliament, the council argues there are sound
economic reasons for foreign aid.

''In an interdependent world economy, poverty robs Canadians of export markets
and jobs,'' it said. ''Maintaining Canada's aid program is both a moral
imperative and an investment in a more stable and prosperous world.''

The North-South Institute, for its part, estimates Canadian exporters lost a
total of $24.2 billion in potential exports to 17 highly indebted countries
because of their inability to pay for imports.

The government knows cutting foreign aid is far less dangerous than cutting
other programs. Unlike subsidized rail service, for example, foreign aid affects
few Canadians. While public support for aid has always been strong, it has no
vocal constituency.

That has always been so but this year the government may have even more latitude
to cut. It has a new mandate and there is no highly publicized emergency - such
as the Ethiopia famine in 1984 - tugging at the national conscience. The famine
in the Sudan, however tragic, has not evoked the same kind of visceral response.


MAY AVOID FIGHT

In addition, there seems to be less support for foreign aid in cabinet. Former
Communications minister Flora MacDonald, a supporter of aid, was defeated in the
last election and newly elected MP David MacDonald, Canada's former ambassador
to Ethiopia, is not in cabinet. Science & Technology Minister William Winegard
chaired a parliamentary committee that recommended more aid but he has little
influence. Nor does Minister of External Relations Monique Landry, who is in
charge of CIDA.

Moreover, External Affairs Minister Joe Clark, already at odds with Prime
Minister Brian Mulroney on other foreign policy questions, may not want to pick
a fight on this issue. He once reportedly threatened to resign if the aid budget
were cut.

Tampering with the aid budget will undermine the credibility of the government's
strategy on international assistance. The strategy, unveiled amid much fanfare a
year ago, redesigns the delivery of aid while committing Canada to spend 0.6% of
GNP on aid by 1995 and 0.7% by 2000.

Even those targets are weaker than those set by the Liberals, who never
surpassed 0.53% of GNP, despite their commitment to reach 0.6% by 1985 and 0.7%
by 1990. When the Tories were elected in 1984, they too promised 0.7% by 1990.

While the Tories have retreated on their promises, official assistance has risen
to $2.9 billion last year from $2.2 billion in 1984-85. In the same period, the
government has forgiven $627 million in loans to 14 African countries.

The aid agencies argue that even without a natural calamity, the poor are
getting poorer. Real per-capita income in Africa, a major recipient of aid, is
actually falling, largely due to debt, weak commodity prices and bad weather.

If there are to be cuts, they are more likely to come in bilateral rather than
multilateral programs. ''It is harder to renege on our commitments to the World
Bank or the International Monetary Fund than it is sitting face to face across
the table with some low-income African country,'' says Roy Culpeper of the
North-South Institute.


Still, cutting aid will be easier politically than practically. Programs are
planned three to five years ahead, and money is committed in principle. If there
are cuts, Canada will have to explain why it is backing out.

SUGGESTS AND END

For Citizens for Foreign Aid Reform Inc., a 3,000-member lobby group, the
government is not cutting enough. It wants the budget slashed to $500 million
within three years. It argues aid is wasteful and ineffective, and should be
used only for emergency relief. Says spokesman Paul Fromm: ''Cutting aid will
step on the toes of a large lobby but it will not affect anyone else. It is the
one area that can be cut without politicians committing hara-kiri.''

In a recent letter to MPs, he suggests ending funding for public education on
foreign aid and for advocacy groups, particularly those opposing apartheid in
South Africa.

Whatever its zeal in attacking the deficit, the government will not go that far.
It prides itself on raising Canada's profile in the Third World, which is likely
to ensure it wields the scalpel gently.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Graph: DEVELOPMENT AID: Official development assistance as a % of GNP
Fiscal yearend

TYPE: PROFILE

                       Copyright 1989 Financial Post Ltd.


                             846 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 27, 1986, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

DOCTORS CITE STIGMA OF AIDS IN DECLINING TO REPORT CASES

BYLINE: By WAYNE KING, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1752 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 26


The man who died was 32 years old, a nurse, never married, a resident of a
section of San Francisco that is predominantly homosexual. His death occurred
within weeks after serious respiratory problems developed, and his body was
cremated.

It seemed to be a classic case of AIDS. But the death certificate listed
''respiratory failure'' as the immediate cause of death and ''adult respiratory
distress syndrome'' as the underlying cause. It made no mention of AIDS or of
any of the illnesses that Federal health officials have established as defining
acquired immune deficiency syndrome, the lethal disease that predominantly
affects homosexual men.

The case illustrates a dilemma facing physicians who treat AIDS patients: There
is the need to provide accurate data, both for public health policy and for
continuing research, but doctors also want to protect victims and their
families.

'Problem for the Family'

The case of the San Francisco nurse is being cited by a California organization
as an example of the problem. The physician who treated the nurse, while
declining to discuss the cause of death, said: ''I have a tendency not to put
AIDS on the death certificate. That is public information, and if the wrong
person sees it, it could be a problem for the family.''

A New York internist said: ''We're more concerned about the patient's happiness.
The patient may say, 'I don't want to tell my mother I'm homosexual, have AIDS
and am dying.' ''

Indeed, more than a score of doctors around the country, most of whom spoke
anonymously, said they declined to report all the AIDS cases they treated. They
cited the stigma associated with AIDS, the refusal of some insurance companies
to honor claims of victims, and the reluctance of some funeral homes to embalm
the victims.

Public health officials say that although some doctors may not be fully
disclosing AIDS cases, checks on the reporting system assure a count of cases
that is 90 to 95 percent accurate. The total number of cases reported so far
nationwide exceeds 20,000.

A Houston doctor, whose practice is almost exclusively AIDS patients, said
people with AIDS, or their families, often requested that they not be
identified. ''They become outcasts,'' he said. ''Even when they die, the
insurance companies try to weasel out of paying the death claim, saying it was a
pre-existing disease. And a lot of funeral homes won't accept the body, and if
they do, it's usually cremated without embalming.''

Insurance Company Goals

In general, insurance companies seek to screen out people who are at risk of
expensive and fatal diseases. Once a policy is granted, most companies deny
benefits if a policyholder who has a serious disease does not tell the insurance
company when applying and dies of it within two years. Disputes between
insurance companies and AIDS victims are often complicated by the years-long
incubation period for the disease.

Several doctors noted that some apparent cases of AIDS do not meet the strict
criteria adopted by the Federal Centers for Disease Control for defining and
reporting the disease. Health officials in fact say there is underreporting for
all diseases that should be reported to the authorities, sexually transmitted
diseases in particular.

Health officials say a relatively accurate count of cases is assured by the fact
that most AIDS victims eventually end up in a hospital that makes a report to
local health officials and ultimately to the Centers for Disease Control.

However, health officials in Houston said at least one large hospital that
treats AIDS patients does not report its cases, and AIDS patients and their
doctors in several other cities also said some hospitals do not report all
cases.

'It Doesn't Make Sense'

Dr. Bernard Ackerman, a pathologist, heads the testing laboratory at New York
University Medical Center, a major testing center for Kaposi's sarcoma, a fatal
skin cancer that afflicts many people with AIDS. He said that in the last five
years the lab had diagnosed 2,500 cases of Kaposi's, 95 percent of them for
physicians treating AIDS victims outside a hospital.

''It doesn't make sense at all,'' said Dr. Ackerman. ''I think it's unlikely I'm
seeing more than half the cases in the country.'' When he made that observation,
just under 4,000 cases of Kaposi's had been reported nationwide.

His experience suggests that some doctors who are getting positive lab tests are
not reporting the cases, or are not reporting them promptly. Laboratories do not
report results of AIDS tests to the health authorities, only to the physician
requesting the test.

A Case in Houston

A 35-year-old man who is the administrator of a Houston organization for
homosexual rights said that in October it was confirmed that he had Kaposi's
sarcoma. He has since seen three doctors in the Houston area and said all agreed
to his request that his case not be reported. ''It was like I really didn't need
to ask,'' he said, adding that although he had no fear of losing his job, he did
worry about his insurance.

A study of AIDS cases in California suggests that a reluctance by doctors to
report AIDS cases may be greater when the disease strikes married men. Dr. Gary
F. McHolland and Wes Weller, in an academic actuarial study, compared the number
of AIDS cases reported to the State of California through last June with the
number of death certificates listing AIDS-related diseases. The researchers
found that at least 17 percent of those listed as having died of AIDS-related
diseases had never been reported as having the disease. For married men, the
figure was 35 percent.

''The estimated 17 percent understatement,'' their report said, could result
from a number of factors, including incomplete reporting. But, it went on, a
more likely cause ''relates to the rigid Centers for Disease Control
classification of AIDS cases,'' a reference to the Atlanta-based Federal health
agency.

Definition of AIDS

''It has become increasingly recognized that not all AIDS cases meet the strict
C.D.C. criteria for defining an AIDS case,'' the report said. ''For example, a
person could be infected with the AIDS virus and have AIDS-related diseases
(such as Kaposi's sarcoma or pneumocystis carinii pneumonia), and in the opinion
of the treating physician have AIDS, yet not meet the strict C.D.C. case
definition because certain laboratory tests were not performed (e.g., because
the patient refused the test). Also, a person could die from pneumocystis
carinii pneumonia, with AIDS indicated as an underlying cause on the death
certificate, but still not meet the strict C.D.C. case definition.''

As for the 35 percent figure on married men, Mr. McHolland said, ''They don't
want the world to know, even though the reporting is very confidential.'' The
possibility of significant underreporting of AIDS among married men has
''serious public health implications,'' in his view. ''Wives may be more exposed
than they think.''

In California, the American Association of Women Voters, the group that cited
the case of the San Francisco nurse who died, says it has other evidence of
underreporting. But Dr. Dean Echenberg, director of disease control for the San
Francisco Department of Public Health, said he did not think underreporting
posed a serious problem. He said San Francisco and other cities with a
significant number of AIDS patients maintained ''a system of active
surveillance'' that includes scrutiny of pathology and infectious-disease
reports, death certificates and autopsy and coroner's reports.

The reluctance of some doctors to list AIDS as a cause of death emphasizes the
unusual emotional context surrounding the reporting of the disease.

An AIDS researcher associated with Harvard Medical School, discussing whether
the disease was ever left off death certificates, said: ''We do it all the time.
We routinely honor the request of the family and don't put it on.''

''I feel a moral obligation to protect the patient and his or her family,'' he
added. He cited a recent case in which AIDS was put on the death certificate of
a young man from a religious family. The funeral home, upon seeing the
certificate, refused to allow a wake with an open casket. ''Backlash from the
diagnosis is tremendous,'' he said.

But the doctor emphasized that the cases in which AIDS is not specifically
mentioned on the death certificate do not get lost. They are still reported, as
required, to the Boston Department of Health through a coded system that allows
for confidentiality.

Decisions on Cause of Death

Doctors often ascribe the cause of death to the specific disease that caused it,
rather than to AIDS. This is acceptable practice, although California requires
that AIDS be listed as a cause of death.

The Boston doctor cited the case of a young homosexual man who died of AIDS in
Boston. His mother, who was taking the body back to a small town in Indiana for
burial, was concerned that the funeral home would get a copy of the death
certificate and the information would become known in town.

The Boston doctor did not list AIDS as the cause of death, but rather an
opportunistic disease associated with it. An alert researcher would know the
victim died of AIDS, but most laymen would not.

Doctors are ambivalent about the need to inform funeral homes about the cause of
death of an AIDS victim. Some places will not accept the bodies of AIDS victims
for embalming because of fear that mortuary aides will be infected.

''I always put the disease down,'' said a Houston doctor. ''I think the people
who handle the body have to know. I don't see why not put it on the death
certificate. It's not like they're running for office.''

Precautions of Undertakers

John E. Rudolph Jr., general manager of a Houston funeral home, said embalmers
wore double gloves, double gowns and masks when embalming the body of an AIDS
victim. Special care is given to sterilizing instruments after embalming. ''It's
very easy to cut the skin through a glove,'' he said.

A New York undertaker said he had recently handled the burial of a young girl
who had died of AIDS.

He said the funeral home was not notified about the cause of death until the day
of the girl's funeral, and then only by the doorman of the building where she
had lived. The funeral home lodged a complaint with the hospital where the girl
died.

''I wish I could feel differently about it,'' said the undertaker, who is
homosexual. ''But it frightens me.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             847 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 22, 1985, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

NEW SUPPORT FROW AFRICA AS W.H.O. PLANS EFFORT ON AIDS

BYLINE: By LAWRENCE K. ALTMAN, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 29, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1219 words

DATELINE: GENEVA, Dec. 21


In an important change of attitude, major African countries have started to
become more open about AIDS, and officials of the World Health Organization, in
an expression of mounting concern, say they plan a new push to control the
global epidemic of the usually fatal disease.

This week Kenya became the first country in black Africa to officially report
cases of acquired immune deficiency syndrome to the World Health Organization,
an agency of the United Nations with headquarters here. Kenya reported 10 cases
of AIDS; six involved Kenyans and four were patients from three other African
countries whose diagnosis was made in Kenya. Eight of the 10 patients are dead.

President Mobutu Sese Seko of Zaire said at a recent news conference in Kinshasa
that he would act forcefully against AIDS in accordance with recommendations
being drafted by medical experts in that central African country. A few days
ago, doctors and health workers began distributing educational pamphlets about
AIDS to their patients in Kinshasa.

Such public acknowledgments follow repeated denials of the presence of AIDS by
government leaders in Kenya and Zaire. Kenya confiscated the Nov. 9 issue of The
International Herald Tribune, which contained a New York Times article on AIDS
in Kenya and other African countries.

New Cases Unreported

The prevailing thesis that the deadly disease originated in Africa has drawn
widespread objection from officials there, who are concerned that irrational
fear might jeopardize tourism and who perceive themselves as being blamed for
starting an insidious ailment linked to taboo practices.

Dr. Fakhry Assaad, the World Health Organization's official in charge of AIDS
activities, called Kenya's action ''significant'' because it opens the door for
other countries in central and eastern Africa to do the same. Zaire, for
instance, has not reported its AIDS cases to the World Health Organization.

In other central and eastern African countries where government officials still
deny that AIDS is present, doctors are diagnosing several new cases of AIDS each
week.

The health organization plans to create a unit at its headquarters that will be
devoted to AIDS and to staff it with two medical experts, Dr. Assaad said in an
interview.

Methods of Education

W.H.O., a specialized United Nations agency, is seeking $30 million from
developed countries to help developing countries pay for the epidemiological,
laboratory and other technical support needed to build a health system designed
to detect AIDS, Dr. Assaad said. He said a main task for the two new physicians
will be to stimulate and coordinate public health efforts against AIDS in Africa
and other areas where the disease has become epidemic.

Dr. Assaad said he is seeking ''novel ways'' to tell the public about AIDS,
particularly in Africa, because ''we have nothing to combat AIDS except
education.'' No effective treatment has been developed for the disorder, which
is transmitted through blood and sexual contact and attacks the immune system,
leading to death from infections that the body cannot fight off.

He said he would welcome suggestions from advertising and marketing executives,
expressing the hope that imaginative workers would create jingles, catchy tunes
and slogans to deliver messages through newspapers and posters and, most
particularly, over transistor radios to reach people living in remote areas.

The new push was stimulated in part by a meeting here this week of about 60
health officials and experts from 27 countries who agreed to help W.H.O. develop
a stronger program against AIDS.

Russian Doctor at Meeting

One sign of the mounting concern was the participation of Soviet and Hungarian
health officials in a W.H.O. meeting on AIDS for the first time.

Dr. Maja I. Parfanovich of the Ivanovsky Institute of Virology in Moscow said
that two cases had been diagnosed in Central Africans living in Russia but none
among Russian citizens.

Dr. Istvan Domok, who is deputy director general of the National Institute of
Hygiene in Budapest, said that though doctors have not diagnosed any cases of
AIDS in Hungary, they had detected evidence of the AIDS virus in the blood of
about 30 homosexual men, who are the main risk group for AIDS in developed
countries.

Dr. Halfdan Mahler, the World Health Organization's Director-General, pleaded
with the world's scientists and health officials, including those of his own
group, to ''sacrifice their own vanity conflicts'' to develop the coordinated
program needed to fight AIDS.

He said he felt ''considerable anxiety'' about the lack of scientific knowledge
about the long-term effects of the AIDS virus on individuals and society. ''Do
we have a willingness of the best scientists in the world to work together so
that all areas will be able to benefit from their cooperation?'' Dr. Mahler
asked, without answering his question.

Situation in Europe

Dr. Mahler, who spoke before word had arrived from Kenya, also criticized
leaders of countries in Africa and elsewhere who have avoided reporting cases of
AIDS. ''Credibility is essential'' to keep ''undue alarm and fear of AIDS under
control,'' Dr. Mahler said.

Dr. Jean B. Brunet of the Claude Bernard Hospital in Paris, which collaborates
with W.H.O., said that ''the AIDS situation in Europe is growing worse'' with an
increase in cases of 160 percent over the past year and with the number of cases
doubling every nine months. Fifteen European countries had reported, as of Sept.
30, a total of 1,428 AIDS cases as against 559 in October 1984.

Meanwhile, the number of cases in the United States has continued to increase,
though the doubling time has slowed slightly to every 13 months, reported Dr.
James W. Curran of the Federal Centers for Disease Control.

As of Dec. 16, doctors in the United States had reported a total of 15,581 cases
of AIDS and 8,002 deaths.

Of particular concern in Europe, Dr. Brunet said, was the ''very rapid spread of
AIDS among drug addicts,'' who contract the blood-borne disease through the
sharing of hypodermic needles.

Spread Among Addicts

Dr. Friedrich Deinhardt, the director of the Max Pettenkofer Institute for
Public Health in Munich, said that AIDS had ''spread like wildfire'' among some
groups of drug addicts in West Germany.

Many European countries have begun to follow the lead of the United States in
testing blood for evidence of the AIDS virus before using the blood for
transfusions or injections as blood products for hemophiliacs and other people.
W.H.O. has scheduled a meeting to develop ways to improve the safety of blood
and blood products for the week of April 14, 1986.

Participants at this week's meeting said that such drugs as suramin, foscarnet
and ansamycin, which are being tested against AIDS, have shown notable toxic
effects. Researchers in the United States expect to move into the second stage
of experiments in AIDS patients with two drugs, azidothymidine and Ribavirin, in
accordance with the regulations of the Food and Drug Administration.

The participants also urged further study of AIDS-related viruses in animals and
humans to help determine the origins of AIDS, their relevance to human diseases
of unknown cause, and their potential in developing a vaccine against AIDS.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             848 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright (c) 2015 UC Hastings College of the Law
               Hastings International and Comparative Law Review

                                  Summer, 2015

               Hastings International and Comparative Law Review

                     38 Hastings Int'l & Comp. L. Rev. 243

LENGTH: 15699 words

ARTICLE: Towards Peer Presence in Post-Disaster Governance: An Empirical Study

NAME: By Shahla F. Ali*

BIO: * Associate Professor and Deputy Head (Department of Law), Deputy Director,
Program in Arbitration and Dispute Resolution, Faculty of Law, University of
Hong Kong. B.A., Stanford University; J.D. and Ph. D., Boalt Hall School of Law,
University of California at Berkeley. The author thanks the Government of Hong
Kong's University Grants Committee for its kind support through its ECS Grant
(HKU 757412H). For complete discussion, see Shahla Ali, Governing Disasters:
Engaging Local Populations in Humanitarian Relief (Cambridge University Press
2014).

HIGHLIGHT: Abstract


   Recent experience reminds us the United States is anything but immune to the
effects of major natural disasters; in 2012 Hurricane Sandy demolished the
entire eastern seaboard, impacted 24 states and caused $ 50 billion to $ 68
billion of damage. n1 As natural disasters occur with increasing frequency,
there is growing interest and scholarship in disaster relief governance.
Empirical research regarding the mechanisms of post-disaster local governance is
therefore timely given the scale and magnitude of suffering involved. The
findings presented in this article draw on the attitudes and perceptions of
practitioners working in disaster response fields to provide us with insights
into the dynamics, challenges and lessons learned from the perspective of those
directly engaged in the work of post-disaster relief. The principal finding of
this paper, based on survey data and follow-up questions with 96 humanitarian
aid practitioners, is that there is a statistically significant correlation
between the level of "peer" engagement with local residents and the perceived
effectiveness of response. In-depth knowledge about the elements of
post-disaster humanitarian aid coordination efforts will be essential to
understanding the role of states, transnational governance and legal networks,
and global nonstate actors in order contribute to effective post-disaster
responses. Such insights will be particularly useful, as states and
organizations increasingly implement and coordinate relief efforts with civil
society participants.


 TEXT:
 [*245]

   Introduction


   As research on law and humanitarian aid has expanded over the last 30 years,
findings have led to valuable insights into the influences, opportunities, and
constraints of humanitarian intervention following natural disasters. Efforts
have been made in recent years by the United Nations (UN), the European Union
(EU) and the International Law Commission (ILC) to develop a growing body of
disaster response principles. n2 With developments in information technology and
both regional and global integration of governance networks, humanitarian aid is
becoming more global. At the same time, recent experience tells us the success
of post-disaster humanitarian aid efforts is ultimately measured by the extent
to which local actors are effectively involved in decision-making processes
concerning relief efforts.

   The findings of this article echo recent insights from socio-legal scholars
of disaster studies. In particular, the idea that "factors of inequality
contribute to producing higher rates of vulnerability" in disaster contexts and
usually reflect "the profound asymmetry that divides those who decide from those
who will be affected by such decisions." n3 The origins and effects of disasters
are "global and local at the same time." n4 Yet the nature and quality of
response varies. International "presence" n5 whether it be "sheer, mere or
peer," gives rise to widely differing levels of engagement. Mere presence or to
put it simply, "passively just being there," n6 falls short of genuine peer
presence, which is necessary because it "trains [community members]" n7

   The findings of this article speak to the growing literature on post-  [*246]
disaster resilience, reflecting that "emergency response teaches people that
they must rely on each other, and ... that those who respond first to claims in
disaster are neighbors." n8 This literature of internalized self-governance
posits that "people are to be ready to become someone new when disaster strikes
..." n9 It calls on policy makers to ask themselves "who is the community" that
is affected by displacement n10 and "allows the mobilizing for justice ...
sometimes bringing partial compensation or regulatory improvement." n11 At the
same time, the findings warrant caution, as critics of resilience note. n12 This
will be discussed in greater detail below.

   Summary of Findings

 The findings of this article can be grouped into three areas. The first area
reports on the correlation between post-disaster program effectiveness and level
of engagement with local communities. Here, the data suggests a statistically
significant correlation between perceived program effectiveness and level of
community engagement (see Table 2). The second part reports on insights from
practitioners regarding the strengths and challenges of existing disaster relief
programs. The findings here indicate that international institutions face the
greatest challenge in effective engagement with local communities; while state
agencies are in a somewhat better position to collaborate and coordinate in
response planning. The final part synthesizes practitioner suggestions for
improving the overall process of response.

   Given the challenges in localized disaster response, practitioners had a
number of suggestions for improving the overall quality of local-global
coordination in humanitarian relief efforts. These suggestions include training,
logistical support, improvement in networking and coordination, planning at the
community level,  [*247]  accountability, information sharing, as well as,
greater attention to cultural sensitivity and language.

   Survey Data Collection Method

 Survey data was collected in order to gain insight into the planning,
implementation, and distribution of humanitarian post-natural disaster aid as
well as the influence of local involvement, if any, and resulting challenges and
lessons learned. While it must be noted that "the random nature of disasters and
multiplicity of players makes comprehensive analysis difficult," n13 and given
the small sample size (n= 69) the purpose of the survey is not to provide
generalizable findings, but rather to offer insights into how some practitioners
are learning from the challenges of effectively engaging with communities in the
wake of a disaster.

   The survey questionnaire contained a quantitative part asking for "yes-no"
answers and numerical responses in the form of percentage estimates or
evaluations according to a five-point scale. It also had a "supplemental" part
containing qualitative, open-ended questions asking for personal observations,
judgments, and proposals.

   The first part of the survey asked participants for background information on
their organizational affiliation and the number of years they have worked in
disaster aid. The second part of the survey examined the nature and extent, if
any, of participants' collaboration with local communities in disaster relief.
The final part examined the strengths and challenges in local collaboration, and
suggestions for improving the process of local engagement.

   The sample pool consisted of humanitarian aid practitioners working in
post-disaster response from over 18 countries and regions. The sample group was
selected from contacts made with members of over 20 organizations. Including the
Asia Foundation in Beijing, Oxfam in Boston, Massachusetts, USAID in Washington,
DC, RedR in India, the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs in
Geneva, UN Women in New York, UNDP in Bangkok, Thailand, the World Health
Organization, Mercy Malaysia, the Cash  [*248]  Learning Partnership in Oxford,
the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation in Seattle, Washington, the CDC in Atlanta,
GA, Fundacion Macau, and individuals working at Red Cross centers in Yangoon,
Myanmar, Lijiang, Hainan and Shenzhen, Peoples Republic of China, Hong Kong,
Houston, Texas, Macau SAR and Istanbul, Turkey and Haifa, Israel, Kuala Lumpur,
Malaysia the International Committee for the Red Cross and Humanitarian and
Disaster Aid research centers at Tufts University, Harvard University, and UC
Berkeley. Of the respondents, 55 worked for an international organization, 9
worked for a private entity, 3 worked for a state agency, and 7 worked for a
public/private partnership organization. The majority of respondents (36) had
more than ten years of experience.

   Figure 1: Years of Experience


   [SEE FIGURE 1 IN ORIGINAL]

   The survey was conducted between April 2013 and January 2015. A total of 71
surveys were distributed in-person and then initiated via a web link portal and
69 surveys were completed. The  [*249]  questions and survey links were
distributed in-person at humanitarian aid centers throughout the world, to
members of the International Humanitarian and Development Professionals Group
and attendees at the "Human Security: Humanitarian Perspectives and Responses"
conference in Istanbul, Turkey and the "International Humanitarian Conference"
in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia in 2013.

   Program Effectiveness

 Perhaps the most significant survey finding is the existence of a statistically
significant correlation between program effectiveness and community engagement
in disaster response. Those that self-report high levels of community engagement
also perceive their relief programs to be more effective than those that report
low levels of community engagement. This reflects a growing body of research
that collaboration and active participation of multiple stakeholders, are seen
as the "core" principles of new governance, n14 and that large-scale public
challenges benefit from local decision making. n15 This is because
experimentation, inclusion of local knowledge, and collaboration between
stakeholders can take place more readily in the community context. n16

   Figure 2: Program Effectiveness by Level of Engagement with Local Community,
2013-14

                       Level of Engagement
Response               Highly Engaged  Minimal Engagement    Total
Very Effective         39 (58%)        15 (22%)              (54)
Limited Effectiveness  4 (6%)          9 (13%)               (13)
Total                  (43)            (24)                  67

  [*250]  Note: The association between program effectiveness and level of
engagement is considered to be statistically significant according to Fisher's
exact test: The two-tailed P value equals 0.0088; it is also significant
according to the Chi Square test with Yates Correction (Chi Square = 6.132; P =
0.0133).

   The Role of the Local Community in Disaster Relief Work

 In examining the relationship between local actors in disaster relief work, the
findings indicate that international institutions and private agencies face the
greatest challenge in effective engagement with local communities, while state
agencies are in a somewhat better position to collaborate and coordinate on
response planning. A total of 66% of state agency respondents reported a
"primary" or "significant amount of collaboration" with the local community in
disaster response while, only 44% of private actors and 51% of international
agencies reported that relief efforts were "primarily" or "significantly driven
by local input" (see Figure 3).

   These findings reflect the varying nature and quality of disaster response
reflected in scholarship on international "presence." n17 The findings indicate
that international response has a greater tendency to reflect either "sheer" or
"mere" presence (characterized by "social visibility" defined as an "implicit
and explicit show of international concern, resources and actions" n18), while
state response may more closely approximate "peer" presence characterized by the
training of "[community members]." n19 Recent scholarship describes an
overriding "sense of frustration felt by many inter-nationals ... because their
(implicit) model was not functioning according to plan: their presence was often
not enough." n20 This is reflected in the survey findings and follow-up
questions, which are discussed in greater detail below.

   The findings on the varying proximity of collaborative relationships with
local actors in relief work also reflect the aspirations of world community
scholarship. The results also  [*251]  demonstrate how changing notions of
community influence collective interest over "egoistic interests of individual
states." n21 The concept of community designated interactions in which
"participants in pursuit of their own objectives must regularly take account of
the activities and demands of others." n22 Research underscores the link between
perception and action through the observation that "it is the perception of
interdependence in community process that leads participants to appreciate the
relevance of pursuing common interests and motivates them to clarify it." n23
Here, the survey findings indicate that the challenge continues to be the need
for a shift in perception of communities affected by disasters as "recipients of
aid" to peer partners in planning and relief.

   Figure 3: Reporting Primary or Significant Coordination with Local Community
by Response-Type


   [SEE FIGURE 3 IN ORIGINAL]
  [*252]

   Local Collaboration

 Relief aid workers noted that when local-based partnerships in planning take
place, a number of positive outcomes result, including more "effective
communication," n24 "better long term sustainability," and "ownership in work,"
n25 "flexibility," n26 "partnership," n27 "trust" n28 and "good relationships
with the community" n29 and a more "culturally accepted" approach. n30 In
addition, such collaboration enables "the parties involved to work in harmony
with one purpose or goal. Everyone feels part ... of every resource." n31
Collaboration also enables "smart planning [and] effective communication." n32
Other positive outcomes include "transparency, commitment ... team work" n33 and
the ability to reach a "targeted population." n34 In some cases this reflects
the possibility for a shift beyond "mere presence" to something more akin to
"peer presence." n35

   Nature of Collaboration

 In describing the nature of collaboration with community members affected by
disasters, respondents noted that perhaps the most significant area of
collaboration is in "implementation" (52 respondents). This is followed by
"distribution" (45), "training" (42), "planning" (35), and "priority setting"
(28) in disaster relief (see Figure 4). This reflects recent scholarship
indicating that "the legal framework of disaster response does not deal as well
with long term  [*253]  recovery" but rather reflects a tendency to focus on
"short term" efforts. n36

   Figure 4: Nature of Local Collaboration


   [SEE FIGURE 4 IN ORIGINAL]

   Benefits of Collaboration: Efficiency, Access, Information & Resilience

 Disaster aid workers also shared their understanding of the key benefits of
local collaboration. These benefits fell in areas of greater efficiency,
improved access, networking and collaboration, information sharing, integration
of local knowledge, and improved resilience which will be discussed in greater
detail below. The most significant benefit that was highlighted was "more
effective implementation" (33) followed by a "more targeted response/greater
understanding of needs" (27). This was followed by "more efficient use of
resources" (22) and all of the above (19).

[*254]

   Figure 5: Benefits of Local Collaboration


   [SEE FIGURE 5 IN ORIGINAL]

   Efficiency

 Efficiency was identified as a key benefit of local collaboration. One aid
worker noted that with "no expenses for expats, funding stays within the
country, local and cultural specifics are respected, needs of target groups are
properly addressed according to their needs instead of anticipating needs based
on western staff needs assessments, which are usually of bad quality." n37
Collaboration also leads to "better understanding of needs and better and faster
project implementation." n38 Furthermore, questions of scale are relevant, as "a
small yet effective" organization has considerable strength in "local response."
n39

   Collaboration "minimizes resource wastage and promotes efficiency and cost
effectiveness." n40 A collaborative response also draws on insights and local
knowledge associated with "being part of response/during and right after [a]
disaster" n41 and "direct  [*255]  implementation and follow up." n42 It draws
on the strength of "local volunteers" and provides for "well established local
organizations." n43 As one aid worker observed, "if the purpose is to achieve
maximum efficiency of a humanitarian assistance programs for a particular
situation, it would be illusory to go it alone[,] ignoring what actors are doing
or capable of doing in complement of a global effort." n44

   Networking and Coordination

 Respondents also noted increased strength in networking and coordination
systems through collaboration with local community members. One aid worker
noted, "we have bi-lateral relations with local actors ... [which] link to wider
coordination mechanisms which include international and local actors." n45 The
respondents said in practice, "we work together in teams" n46 and the teams
"make plans" n47 that "respect local initiatives." n48 Another respondent noted
that her organization is "Internationally and locally networked with government
agencies (embassies, foreign affairs ministries, health departments, public
universities), [the] public sector as well as other NGOs / INGOs." n49 Drawing
on local volunteers, through schools and universities, was seen as a systematic
way to coordinate with local resources. One respondent noted that her
organization "involves university students in [its] disaster preparedness
programs." n50 Flexibility in coordination was also highlighted: "the primary
idea is to find a mechanism for coordination to ensure optimization of work,
relief and protection of lives." n51

[*256]

   Information Sharing and Access

 Access and sharing of information was another benefit noted in collaborative
response. With local collaboration, aid workers "are able to access local
communities quicker and with appropriate assistance. Local organizations also
know the local dynamics and this helps us to integrate protection and gender
concerns effectively into all programming." n52

   Additional strengths from localized response programs were evident in
"information sharing ... and promoting good practices." n53 Many programs are
increasingly devoting significant attention to "vulnerability analysis and
hazard mapping." n54 Some developmental-oriented NGOs noted that "we almost
always provide support in regions where we are already deployed in development
activities, so we tend to have relationships with the communities and local
supply lines already established." n55 "Good communication," "social media
outreach and volunteer coordination" were noted as strengths, alongside "having
a road map clearly indicating all points of action [for] implementing the task."
n56 Another NGO noted that we "use a science base for response." n57

   Integration of Local Knowledge and Resilience

 Aid workers shared that they had seen improvement in listening skills and
integration of local knowledge in planning and implementing relief activities.
One noted that he saw ""better understanding of needs' and better [and] faster
project implementation." n58 Another noted greater "local wisdom integration in
programming and priority setting [and] participation of community institutions
in coordination, implementation, monitoring and evaluation." n59 Yet another aid
worker mentioned there was a greater "understanding of priorities and conditions
[and] local knowledge of  [*257]  the area" n60 including a "holistic approach
and collaboration with locals." n61

   A key aim of localized response is the development of greater resilience and
strength such that local communities "organize and drive the efforts, while
"outsiders' support in the ways requested by locals, [this] allows (and
encourages) the full capacity of the local actors. Ownership and effectiveness
are increased, which in turn leads to greater resilience." n62 Overall, the
concept of resilience, understood as a "capacity to adapt and thrive in the face
of challenge" continues to be viewed largely as an objective of disaster
response:



   in the past decade, programs of resilience, and particularly resiliency
training, have been developed with the aim of creating subjects able to thrive
and prosper under conditions of extreme uncertainty. They constitute a form of
governance promoting a positive "freedom to." n63

 In summary, although numerous benefits can be associated with greater community
resilience, from a policy perspective, some scholars have cautioned that these
should not constitute an abdication of responsibility on the part of the state
or a claw back of social welfare responsibilities. n64 The balancing of long
term policy aims of self-sufficiency and acute crisis support will remain at the
forefront of policy research for years to come.

   Challenges in Disaster Aid

 Individuals working at all levels of disaster relief, whether it be within
international entities, at state agencies, with local NGOs or in private and
public partnerships - all faced a number of challenges in post-disaster response
and coordination. These challenges include effective coordination and access to
funding, information, and resources in volatile, cross-cultural and multilingual
environments.

[*258]

   For International Organizations

 International respondents reported that perhaps the most significant challenge
facing international entities was that of coordination, particularly given their
distance from locally affected populations. More specifically, survey
participants noted difficulties in "networking national-scale NGOs in each
country," n65 integrating diverse viewpoints "with various worldviews and needs"
n66 and achieving unity of action and movement "in the same direction" n67 while
reconciling different "objectives and expectations" n68 including "donors
milestones" n69 with local "priority needs and expectations." n70 In addition,
limitations were reported in "leadership and facilitation for coordination" n71
to achieve "shared objectives" and "harmony" among "diverse stakeholders and
participants." n72 Given that in many cases, "organisations are cumbersome and
slow moving on policy changes, and decentralisation of authority," n73 makes
these challenges even more difficult.

   International aid workers also noted a funding crisis. One respondent
observed that "sustainable funding for our organizations general fund needs to
be larger so we can operate optimally." n74 In addition to funding, financial
oversight is another challenge. Several respondents noted "difficulties with
overseeing the management of funds. Also there can be bias in the selection of
project beneficiaries as [the] local partner staff choose [the] areas of
interest to them over more needy areas." n75 On a related point, there was a
need for "efficient use of available resources." n76 In some cases, "resources
are spent for established international NGOs, [they have a] monopoly of  [*259]
funding, spending and coordination among the established big organizations and
UN. Local structures only serve as auxiliaries and are not taken seriously in
their expertise and possible contributions." n77 One respondent noted that
because of "funding relationships, we miss opportunities for alternative
collaborations" and "we tend to look for local actors who look or behave like
us." n78 This participant also noted that "externally: national actors often
feel alienated from international coordination systems." n79

   Getting access to information, particularly in disaster areas, was another
major challenge noted by international agencies. n80 This manifested itself in
lack of understanding of "the coordination mechanism" n81 and "lack of
situational awareness." n82 Placing "institutional interest" above
"beneficiaries interest" n83 can occur in situations where a particular project
is funded by an entity with strict requirements on aid distribution absent
awareness of local dynamics and requirements for capacity building:



   There is pressure to change our participatory approaches to fit UN and
RC-driven systems. Also, when under an implementation contract from an external
donor like WFP, the policies regarding rationalization of losses and thefts etc.
can result in long term challenges for our development efforts. We are not free
to require communities to police themselves, participate actively in their own
distributions, and be responsive to such events. We try to work in a
sustainable/community-based approach even in relief settings and strictly limit
straight distribution, but this doesn't fit with other agencies' models. n84

 Effective functioning in volatile crisis environments directly impacts issues
of "staffing," "security" and "coordination." Several survey participants noted
that "accessibility to ... insecure areas" n85  [*260]  was a key challenge,
alongside a "lack of security to reach isolated areas" and under-representation
of women. n86 One participant observed that "disasters usually happen in remote
areas, not accessible by standard or common means of transport, making the final
leg of the delivery of the primary items, be they medicine, food or other,
difficult. The challenge is [to] make sure that the relief items are delivered
by the available means of transpiration by ground or air." n87

   While the importance of local collaboration is generally understood - many
noted the difficulty of "finding relationships," n88 particularly in light of
"changing target areas, beneficiaries and interventions." n89 Difficulties in
coordinating with "all actors present in the humanitarian arena" n90 and
"coordination in general is a challenge as there is a lack of leverage to engage
in coordination with local populations, other organizations and governments."
n91 Offering an introspective assessment, one aid worker noted "we do not work
[in a] participatory way when it comes to working with target groups. Often the
response is based on experience" n92 Centralized coordination is another
difficulty. As one respondent noted, there is "no one to create and host a
platform to coordinate players on relief works. Not all players are willing to
communicate with other players about their own programs." n93 These challenges
required several international NGOs to "redefine the role of the organization in
a distributed knowledge environment." n94 In addition, some noted incidents of
"corruption," "unfair recruitment," and "unfair distribution of resources." n95

   Aid workers also noted cultural and language barriers. There was often a lack
of "mutual understanding due to language  [*261]  barriers." n96 One aid worker
observed that "coordination operations have extremely high transactions costs.
Cultural differences require careful negotiation. None of these operations are
efficient. Usually, financing, resources and patience is inadequate. Lack of
imagination and stereotypes also impair relief efforts." n97

   For State Entities

 The respondents who worked in state-led relief agencies noted a number of
challenges with communications, access, resource support, and institutional
integrity within disaster aid entities. Respondents noted challenges with the
breakdown of communications including "telephone lines." n98 Aid workers also
faced challenges in the context of "changing vulnerabilities" n99 with
"adaptation." n100 In some cases "occupation restrictions" n101 posed barriers
to access. Several state respondents noted challenges in relation to "shortages
and irregularity of funding" n102 and "lack of resources" n103 to address needs
in a "timely manner." n104 In some cases, state agencies can function on the
basis of policies that "work against effectiveness [in cases where] local actors
are both powerful and corrupt." n105

   In Public-Private Partnerships

 Similar to the challenges faced at international and state levels - those
working in the area of public-private partnerships also faced difficulties in
gaining accurate and "real information" n106 from the affected population. Some
respondents noted challenges with  [*262]  "tedious process" n107 and "politics
on the ground." n108 Others faced challenges "convincing the local public and
government to [get] involved in the programs" n109 and "getting all partners on
board with response." n110 A common concern, also often faced by state agencies
was, a "lack of resources," n111 in terms of both finances and labor. Aid
workers echoed the "lack of resources and [man] power" n112 and "lack of
recognition and assistance from relief agencies." n113 One aid worker mentioned
that she faced challenges getting "support from employees to understand
volunteerism and community service." n114

   For Local Aid Workers and NGOs

 Local aid workers noted a number of challenges in coordinating with their local
counterparts. A core element of this challenge seemed to lie in a tendency on
the part of international entities to place external, or international, goals
over local needs. One respondent observed a general "bias towards international
staff (mostly western)" and a "lack of seriousness when it comes to local staff
issues." n115 Another noted that his organization faced challenges "navigating
between competing local priorities and agendas of various actors; overcoming
inclusion and exclusion errors; managing biases among actors and affected
communities." n116 Challenges with "corruption" and "staying neutral" were also
noted. n117

   At the same time, local protectionism may result in "local partners ...
looking after their own benefit first" and therefore "priority setting is
sometimes difficult." n118 Others viewed challenges arising from "weak local
infrastructure, communication, poor  [*263]  budgeting, local hurdles" n119 as
well as "dealing ... with ... bureaucracy." n120 One aid worker noted, "in most
situations, the challenge is to reconcile objectives and aspirations of the
state on the territory of which the assistance is provided with those of the
donors supporting ... other organizations, and indeed with each actor's own
primary objectives. In the case of failed states, the challenge is to identify
(or be recognized, as the case may be) as the most appropriate coordinator - the
natural leader as it were." n121 In some cases, "official duty bearers
(Governments), who have the primary role in assisting their people ... are all
too often and easily left outside of the humanitarian system, and thus not being
held accountable for failure to live up to their duty." n122

   Similarly to the issue noted by aid workers, local respondents also noted the
need for greater training in language, n123 cultural sensitivity and
decision-making on the part of aid workers. One noted that "finding "outsiders'
who know how to listen to locals is always a challenge. While this is a
learnable skill (and I teach it), it shocking how many people don't see the need
to listen." n124 Another observed that "organisations heavily depend on our
trained international medical expert volunteers from Germany and Europe and at
times that is a challenge because cultural issues ... cannot be fully trained
... so patience is needed for younger staff ... and empathy for older who always
try to replicate old disaster situations in a new context ..." n125 The ability
to make good decisions and set priorities n126 was also noted as requiring
further development.

   For emergencies which require rapid response, when international relief is
requested, having a community-driven response is perhaps among the greatest
challenges in the localization of relief work. One relief worker observed that:



   Relief requires timely delivery of urgent basic services. Our  [*264]
approach is based on enabling the local community to be the key driver of its
own development (we are primarily a "training" organization using projects to
help the people realize what they can do once they accept to work together. We
never want to create dependency. In relief, we have to contribute financially a
lot more than what we would normally consider desirable. Another challenge is to
mobilize sufficient resources from the surrounding villages in the state. We
[have been able] however [to] react faster than most international agencies
because we were already there and the money and goods that we got were local.
Our resources came mostly from the ... rural area. Money from the government
took forever and with so many strings attached that we will not repeat [that
approach]. n127

 Other local respondents generally echoed the challenge of "coordination" n128
and "lack of ... involvement in decision making and information sharing" and
general difficulties "working together [in] the field." n129

   Local aid workers also identified "bad experiences" n130 with "top down
policies" n131 which result in "each actor taking his own path and communities
not being considered." n132 Some comments such as, "some system is better than
no system" and "the main issue is to create understanding of the system and its
usage by all" n133 seem to imply a belief on the part of some, that convincing
local communities to simply accept and adopt an external system - which in many
instances may not fit with local realities - reflects a form of "participation.'
In the absence of collaboration, often a disaster-response is designed in a way
that is "not necessarily made to meet the real problems of beneficiaries but ...
rather meets the will and objectives of donor regarding bilateral cooperation."
n134 While  [*265]  improvement has been noted, one respondent observed that
still "integration of local state and non-state actors remains minimal." n135

   Overall, the majority of survey participants viewed relief programs as
"generally effective" (48%) or "somewhat effective" (13%). Only 7% viewed their
relief program as "highly effective." These figures seem to indicate that while
progress is being made in implementing collaborative, timely, and targeted
response programs - much remains to be learned about how such programs can be
improved in the long term. The final section of this chapter examines
suggestions made by relief workers on improving the overall quality of disaster
aid programs.

   Figure 6: Program Effectiveness


   [SEE FIGURE 6 IN ORIGINAL]

   Recommendations for Improving the Quality of Local-Global Coordination in
Relief Efforts

 Given the challenges in localized disaster response, practitioners at the
international, state and local levels gave a number of suggestions for improving
the overall quality of local-global coordination in humanitarian relief efforts.
These suggestions dealt with the need for local capacity building and training,
logistical  [*266]  support, improvement in networking and coordination,
initiating planning at the community level, accountability and information
sharing and greater attention to cultural sensitivity and language.

   Local Training and Capacity Building

 The need for greater capacity building in coordination, planning, and disaster
preparedness and risk reduction at the local level was highlighted by at least
eight respondents. One respondent noted that "capacity building programs [should
focus on assisting] local [communities] to be able to collaborate with
international organizations." n136 This would include training in "strategic
decision making" to enable "more involvement in strategic [planning]." n137
Another noted that a need also exists for "effective training for volunteers."
n138 Elaborating further, one respondent suggested that international
organizations:



   1) ... require work or other participation beyond the six-week mark of a
disaster. 2) focus more on cash for work, and make sure local agencies are
well-trained in delivery of such activities 3) Work with local agencies to build
their capacity in ... complaints management 4) Convince the biggest players that
they must treat concerns of implementing agencies who remain after the end of
disaster response as significant and use them to inform responses ... . n139

 Other recommendations focused on decentralized training and developing local
resources. One respondent suggested that the "focus [should be] on leadership
within [the] country" n140 and that efforts should be made to "promote HR from
around the world and not just the global north." n141 In addition, the focus
should be on "systemic decentralized decision making for response." n142 Another
suggested the need for ongoing training "throughout the country ... [of]
possible facilitators such as school teachers or community leaders [in] disaster
[*267]  preparedness and action planning." n143 As one relief worker noted,
"local capacity building for [the goal of] disaster risk reduction is critical
for effective disaster response." n144

   Greater Logistical Support at the Local Level

 In addition to training and capacity building, several respondents highlighted
the need for enhanced logistical support and improvement in access to necessary
supplies at the local level. In particular, "stock and medicine and food" as
well as "supporting volunteers" n145 were regarded as key needs. The use of
locally sourced goods "based on the real needs of people on the ground[,] using
locally [placed] human and material resources" n146 should "be among the factors
to be given high priority." n147 In addition, "matching donor priorities with
[necessary] resources ... during each phase of emergencies" n148 is critical.
One aid worker noted the need for "reform of funding channels [and] more
reliable and long-term support [rather than an] outdated ... project [based
approach]" and "increased meaningful participation of target groups." n149

   Improvements in Networking and Coordination

 Most respondents had specific suggestions for improving networking and
coordination amongst various actors in disaster relief. One respondent noted
that there is a need for "a more integrated but decentralized approach" in which
"beneficiary involvement should be central" and "community based organizations
must share a consultative platform with international NGO's and institutions
engaged in relief." n150 This is especially challenging in situations where
"humanitarian aid is needed most" and "the local, or national, infrastructure is
missing or is not functioning, (ex: Haiti, Syria). The challenge is to offer and
deliver  [*268]  humanitarian aid but within the limits of [a] country's
sovereignty and find as many local leaders as possible and incorporate them into
organizational discussion and decision-making." n151

   As one respondent noted, there is a need for organizations to "collaborate
and work more together, [rather] than separately" and to "be more efficient and
prevent too many NGOs [from being] in one place while other [areas] are not
receiving help." n152 In this respect, "hybrid networking" n153 including
"vertical and horizontal coordination and information sharing" n154 can be
explored. It was also recommended that coordination processes be simplified by
using "technology to reduce cost" n155 and "be made mandatory at all levels,
most importantly at the headquarter levels." n156

   Information sharing and centralization through "one coordination node" n157
and "standardization in assessment formats" was suggested. n158 Respondents
similarly noted the need for "improved coordination" n159 particularly in
"effective planning and implementation" n160 and "monitoring and evaluation."
n161 One noted, "I think one of the essential points is that a good discussion
happens and a clear understanding [of] who is able to do what" n162 including
agreement on relief "procedures." n163 Careful "selection of local partners"
n164 was also highlighted along with the need to "establish a formal space and
voice for the local [community] in response programming and management." n165
Some suggested that the local  [*269]  government might be in a "good position
to host a platform to facilitate coordination in humanitarian relief efforts"
n166 given the need for "a steering committee to coordinate all relief efforts."
n167

   Some progress has been observed in relief coordination over the years. One
respondent noted that "over the years I have been seeing massive improvement in
response to disasters, more and more are [international] organizations (the UN
mainly) with global forward operative bases located in key geographical areas
[enabling] response within hours." n168

   Initiating Planning at the Community Level

 Perhaps the largest number of respondents had suggestions centered on improving
local collaboration in post disaster response efforts and "ending client-patron
relationships" n169 between international organization and local actors and
"involving partners at the beginning of planning." n170 One respondent noted
that a "key element of [her organizations] success is "being a local deeply
rooted organization." n171 Similarly, as another aid worker put it: "the
communities effected must lead the way. Paternalism is ineffective and
unacceptable." n172 Another respondent noted we should "always start with the
local community first and maintain ongoing open communication as much as
possible, while maintaining a system of accountability." n173 Such community
focused planning arises out of a sense of "respect for local staff involved in
community priority setting." n174

   Specific suggestions on how to facilitate increased local collaboration
centered on creative use of technology, mandating participation in cluster
meetings, and giving funding leverage to local actors. For example, one aid
worked suggested that "local  [*270]  involvement should be mandated by the UN
for all activities ... Those at [the] global level should be held accountable
for involvement at [the] local level." n175 One respondent suggested "replacing
bureaucratic info flows and decision making for a distributed knowledge/crowd
sourced system focusing on ensuring access and usability." n176 Another
emphasized developing accountability mechanisms such that affected communities
become "the stake-holders for their own development - [they should] set their
own priorities (beyond health and safety); allow locally affected people a
mechanism to hold aid agencies accountable [for] providing or not providing the
required aid." n177 One respondent suggested that when putting this into
practice, it is important to "ensure there is a reason for international
organizations to engage in coordination by providing the local organization with
more leverage over the international organizations." n178 Encouraging community
"participation in cluster meetings" n179 was also suggested as a way of
increasing local input.

   The objective of locally based planning is that through such partnership,
rather than "simply providing relief and then leaving ... the local [community]
should be able to sustain [the programs] by themselves." n180 One respondent
noted that state and civil society actors should be "in the drivers seat, taking
the example of development cooperation." n181

   Locally-based planning also helps to ensure avoiding "the duplication of
resources and programs" by "using local resources [and] local traditional
knowledge." n182 As one aid worker mentioned, it serves to provide greater
integration between long and short-term planning:



   we need to rethink and rework our current practice so that it becomes driven
by locals. We also need to move beyond the  [*271]  artificial distinction
between "relief" and "development." That smart, dedicated, well-intentioned,
experienced people continue to insist on this divide indicates that we, as a
field, have gone seriously off the rails. Recipients do not make this
distinction. They do not make it because their lives are the connection between
the short-term and the long-term and whatever is done in their communities has
an effect on the future. n183

 Perhaps more critical than disaster response, is disaster preparedness at the
local level. One respondent noted, "it is always good for international agencies
to develop strong contingency plans with local organizations, particularly in
areas vulnerable to disaster events. Whilst designing these plans[,] it is
important that local organizations have full ownership of these plans so that at
the onset of an emergency event they are able to respond in an effective manner
on an equal footing with the larger international organization." n184

   While the majority of respondents agreed that locally based planning was
critical, in some cases, depending on the governance situation on the ground,
leaving "implementation to the local people" may be challenging since "local
administration is hampered by red tape," as one respondent noted. n185 In such
cases, the respondent said "international technical assistance [may be] required
to push the cart." n186 Another observed that "each case has to be dealt with in
relation to local contextual aspects. Challenges are always there[,] as there
are no identical situations. Studies, guidelines, protocols, policies are fine
... but they need to be universal enough to guide the application process in
each particular context, there is no universal solution for humanitarian
challenges." n187 Furthermore, determining who represents the "local voice' must
be carefully considered as one aid worker noted:



   A trained local elite in some settings could be better connected to global
thinking and pre-conceptions than to local communities and therefore are not
ideal for representing "local." Mechanisms need to be in place to avoid that
this elite becomes a barrier for  [*272]  participation of the true "local."
n188


   Accountability and Information Sharing

 Several respondents believed that disaster response could be improved by "more
attention to data [collection]" n189 and "improved data sharing." n190 Such
improvements would enhance "accountability and transparency" n191 by having a
"more open and [transparent] ... coordination" n192 process. Accountability,
some aid workers suggested, could be enhanced by the use of "accountability
benchmarks" n193 (like the accountability standards used by "HAP/Sphere/People
in Aid" n194). Likewise, training in such aid benchmarks (including "Sphere,
INEE MS, ALNAP, HAP People in Aid, etc.) and codes of conduct" n195 would
improve "evidence based planning and implementation." n196

   Attitudinal Frameworks: Cultural Sensitivity, Humility, and a Framework for
Learning

 The final set of suggestions can be grouped into what might be described as
three attitudinal frameworks for disaster response. These attitudes focused on a
service orientation, humility and a learning approach to disaster response.

   With regard to a service orientation, one aid worker suggested "every
"player' should not be competitive about giving service to the beneficiaries,
[it is] nothing to be bragged about ... just be sincere [and] be able to perform
optimally in the best possible way... [to ensure] the affected people's needs
are met." n197

   Secondly, in regard to cultural and language sensitivity, one aid worker
noted that there is a need to "pay attention to context and  [*273]  culture
(e.g., use of language), [and] consideration of [the] fact that one size does
not fit all in services delivered ([for example,] new urban displacements in
Syria, Libya have different expectations to rural IDPs in Chad)." n198 Another
suggested the need for "more investment in real time translation services.
Clusters [need] to make more effort to link to pre-existing networks. Invest and
support national networks before [a] disaster, not just in the response phase."
n199

   Finally, an attitude of learning was regarded as critical. In practice, this
would mean, "regular exchange of lesson learned and insights gained among the
humanitarian partners ... [and] engage local partners and local communities with
their traditional response skills and knowledge." n200

   Conclusions

 This paper explores the attitudes and perceptions of practitioners working in
the field of humanitarian aid and disaster response. The principal finding of
this paper based on survey data, is that there is a statistically significant
correlation between the level of engagement with a local community and perceived
effectiveness of response. Given that the random nature of disasters and the
multiplicity of players make comprehensive analysis difficult, n201 and with the
small sample size (n = 69) - the purpose of the survey was not to provide
generalizable findings, but rather to offer insights into how some practitioners
are learning from the challenges of effectively engaging with communities in the
wake of disaster response.

   Practitioners offered a number of suggestions for improving the overall
quality of local-global coordination in humanitarian relief efforts. These
suggestions were that more training was necessary and highlighted the need for:
local capacity building, logistical support at the local level, improvement in
networking and coordination, initiating planning at the community level,
accountability and information sharing and greater attention to cultural
sensitivity and language.

    [*274]  The origins and effects of disasters are "global and local at the
same time," n202 and reflect the "the humanitarian impulse to care for people
after disaster." n203 At the same time, "non governmental organizations have
globalized the response to disaster." Yet, the nature and quality of response
varies. "Presence" n204 at the international level is more often characterized
by sheer and mere presence (involving "social visibility' and an "implicit and
explicit show of international concern, resources and actions)" n205 while state
action in some cases is moving toward greater peer presence (focused on
"training [community members]"). n206

   The findings also speak to the growing literature on resilience, reflecting
that "emergency response teaches people that they must rely on each other, and
... that those who respond first to claims in disaster are neighbors." n207 At
the same time, the findings reflect cautionary notes by critics of resilience
policy - that it not be a justification for an abdication of responsibility on
the part of the state or a claw back of social welfare responsibilities, n208 or
even a source of disempowerment. n209 The balancing of long-term policy aims of
self-sufficiency with acute crisis support will need to remain at the forefront
of policy research in years to come.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Business & Corporate LawGeneral PartnershipsManagement Duties &
LiabilitiesGeneral OverviewPublic Health & Welfare LawSocial ServicesEmergency
Services

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Eric Blake et al., Tropical Cyclone Report: Hurricane Sandy, 22 - 29 (Feb.
12, 2013).





n2.  See International Law and Humanitarian Assistance: A Crosscut Through Legal
Issues Pertaining to Humanitarianism (Hans-Joachim & Andrej Zwitter eds., 2011).





n3.  Valerio Nitrato Izzo, Law, State and the Politics of Catastrophes: A
Critical Perspective on Epiphanies of Injustice and the Need for Protection,
Disaster and Sociolegal Studies (Susan Sterett ed., 2013).





n4.  Id. at 225.





n5.  Kimberley Coles, Democratic Designs: International Intervention and
Electoral Practices in Postwar Bosnia-Herzegovina 108 (2007).





n6.  Id.





n7.  Id.





n8.  Susan Sterett, Introduction, in Disaster and Sociolegal Studies (2013).





n9.  Id. See Pat O'Malley, "Uncertain Governance and Resilient Subjects in the
Risk Society." at 15.





n10.  Susan Sterrett & Jennifer Reich,. Prayer and Social Welfare: Race and
Service After Hurricane Katrina, in Racing the Storm. (H. Potter, ed., 2007).





n11.  Sterett, supra note 8, at 165.





n12.  Brad Evans & Julian Reid, Resilient Life: The Art of Living Dangerously
(Wiley, 2014).





n13.  Thomas E. Drabek & David A. McEntire, Emergent Phenomena and
Multiorganizational Coordination in Disasters: Lessons from the Research
Literature, Int'l J. Emergencies and Disasters (2002).





n14.  Id. at 205-206.





n15.  See Jerome Van der Heijden, Looking Forwards and Sideways: Trajectories of
New Governance Theory 6 (Amsterdam Law School Legal Studies, Working Paper No.
2013-04).





n16.  Id.





n17.  Coles, supra note 5, at 92.





n18.  Id.





n19.  Id. at 108.





n20.  Id. at 102.





n21.  Bruno Simma & Andreas L. Paulus, The "International Community": Facing the
Challenge of Globalization, Eur. J. Int'l L., 9 (1998).





n22.  Myres S. McDougal, et al., The World Community: A Planetary Social Process
753 (Faculty Scholarship Series 1988).





n23.  Id.





n24.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 6:15 PM);
all interviews are on file with author.





n25.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 5:51 PM).





n26.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Nov. 18, 2013, 3:07 AM).





n27.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Nov. 6, 2013, 11:52 AM).





n28.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Nov. 5, 2013, 4:44 AM).





n29.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 4:43 PM).





n30.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 4:35 PM).





n31.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Dec. 5, 2013, 8:26 PM).





n32.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Dec. 2, 2013, 3:21 AM).





n33.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Dec. 1, 2013, 3:27 AM).





n34.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Nov. 28, 2013, 7:48 PM).





n35.  Coles, supra note 5, at 108.





n36.  Victor B. Flatt & Jeffrey J. Stys, Long Term Recovery in Disaster Response
and the Role of Non-Profits in, Disaster and Sociolegal Studies (Susan Sterett
ed., 2013).





n37.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 28, 2013, 6:40 PM).





n38.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 28, 2013, 6:33 PM).





n39.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (May 4, 2013, 8:12 PM).





n40.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Nov. 20, 2013, 11:59 PM).





n41.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 29, 2013 6:56 PM).





n42.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 28, 2013, 9:27 PM).





n43.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 28, 2013, 8:17 PM).





n44.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (July 16, 2013, 9:33 PM).





n45.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 28, 2013, 11:24 AM).





n46.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 6:07 PM).





n47.  Id.





n48.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 5:51 PM).





n49.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 5:26 PM).





n50.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 5:05 PM).





n51.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Dec. 2, 2013, 3:02 PM).





n52.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Nov. 25, 2013, 11:23 PM).





n53.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 4:18 PM).





n54.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Dec. 10, 2013, 8:33 PM).





n55.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Dec. 5, 2013, 8:15 PM).





n56.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Apr. 26, 2013, 11:14 PM).





n57.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (May 10, 2013, 4:13 AM).





n58.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 28, 2013, 6:33 PM).





n59.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 28, 2013, 10:59 AM).





n60.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (June 15, 2013, 10:23 AM).





n61.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (May 22, 2013, 3:29 AM).





n62.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (May 8, 2013, 11:01 PM).





n63.  Pat O'Malley, Uncertain Governance and Resilient Subjects in the Risk
Society, in Disaster and Sociolegal Studies (Susan Sterett ed., 2013).





n64.  Id. at 36.





n65.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 5:58 PM).





n66.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 5:51 PM).





n67.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 5:51 PM).





n68.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 4:18 PM).





n69.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Dec. 6, 2013, 7:51 PM).





n70.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Dec. 6, 2013, 7:51 PM).





n71.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Dec. 2, 2013, 3:02 PM).





n72.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Nov. 20, 2013, 11:59 PM).





n73.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Nov. 19, 2013, 10:37 PM).





n74.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 5:26 PM).





n75.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Nov. 25, 2013, 11:23 PM).





n76.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Dec. 10, 2013, 8:33 PM).





n77.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 28, 2013, 6:40 PM).





n78.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 28, 2013, 11:24 AM).





n79.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 28, 2013, 11:24 AM).





n80.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 4:18 PM).





n81.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 4:01 PM).





n82.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 4:01 PM).





n83.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 4:01 PM).





n84.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Dec. 5, 2013, 8:15 PM).





n85.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Dec. 5, 2013, 4:13 PM).





n86.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Nov. 29, 2013, 4:51 PM).





n87.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Apr. 26, 2013, 11:14 PM).





n88.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Nov. 6, 2013, 11:52 AM).





n89.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Nov. 18, 2013, 3:07 AM).





n90.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Nov. 17, 2013, 7:40 PM).





n91.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 30, 2013, 9:15 PM).





n92.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 30, 2013, 7:42 PM).





n93.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (May 17, 2013, 12:50 AM).





n94.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 5:36 PM).





n95.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Dec. 2, 2013, 3:21 AM).





n96.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 6:15 PM).





n97.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Nov. 12, 2013, 2:32 PM).





n98.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 6:15 PM).





n99.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Dec. 16, 2013, 10:04 PM).





n100.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Dec. 16, 2013, 10:04 PM).





n101.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Dec. 1, 2013, 3:27 AM).





n102.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Dec. 1, 2013, 3:27 AM).





n103.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 4:52 PM).





n104.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 4:52 PM).





n105.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (May 1, 2013, 4:44 AM).





n106.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 6:07 PM).





n107.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Nov. 28, 2013, 7:48 PM).





n108.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Nov. 28, 2013, 7:48 PM).





n109.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Nov. 4, 2013, 9:32 PM).





n110.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (May 7, 2013, 7:21 PM).





n111.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (May 22, 2013, 3:29 AM).





n112.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 4:43 PM).





n113.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (June 15, 2013, 10:23 AM).





n114.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 5:43 PM).





n115.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (May 1, 2013, 8:44 PM).





n116.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 28, 2013, 10:59 AM).





n117.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 28, 2013, 6:33 PM).





n118.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 28, 2013, 9:27 PM).





n119.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 28, 2013, 11:39 AM).





n120.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Apr. 27, 2013, 5:23 AM).





n121.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (July 16, 2013, 9:33 PM).





n122.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 28, 2013, 7:13 PM).





n123.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 28, 2013, 8:17 PM).





n124.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (May 8, 2013, 11:01 PM).





n125.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 28, 2013, 6:42 PM).





n126.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (May 1, 2013, 4:40 AM).





n127.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Nov. 5, 2013, 4:44 AM).





n128.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Apr. 25, 2013, 9:25 PM).





n129.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 29, 2013, 6:56 PM).





n130.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 5:36 PM).





n131.  Id.





n132.  Id.





n133.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 4:01 PM).





n134.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 30, 2013, 6:37 PM).





n135.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 28, 2013, 7:13 PM).





n136.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Nov. 4, 2013, 9:32 PM).





n137.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 28, 2013, 8:17 PM).





n138.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 1:38 AM).





n139.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Dec. 5, 2013, 8:15 PM).





n140.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Dec. 2, 2013, 3:02 PM).





n141.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Dec. 2, 2013, 3:02 PM).





n142.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Dec. 2, 2013, 3:02 PM).





n143.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 6:15 PM).





n144.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Nov. 12, 2013, 2:32 PM).





n145.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 6:07 PM).





n146.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Dec. 6, 2013, 7:51 PM).





n147.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Dec. 5, 2013, 8:26 PM).





n148.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Nov. 28, 2013, 7:48 PM).





n149.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 28, 2013, 6:40 PM).





n150.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 4:18 PM).





n151.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Apr. 27, 2013, 5:23 AM).





n152.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 5:00 PM).





n153.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 5:58 PM).





n154.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 5:05 PM).





n155.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 4:18 PM).





n156.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (May 4, 2013, 8:12 PM).





n157.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Dec. 16, 2013, 10:04 PM).





n158.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Dec. 16, 2013, 10:04 PM).





n159.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Dec. 2, 2013, 3:21 AM).





n160.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Dec. 2, 2013, 3:21 AM).





n161.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Dec. 2, 2013, 3:21 AM).





n162.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 30, 2013, 7:42 PM).





n163.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Nov. 20, 2013, 11:59 PM).





n164.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 28, 2013, 6:42 PM).





n165.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 28, 2013, 10:59 AM).





n166.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (May 17, 2013, 12:50 AM).





n167.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (June 15, 2013, 10:23 AM).





n168.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Apr. 26, 2013, 11:14 PM).





n169.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 28, 2013, 11:39 AM).





n170.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (May 7, 2013, 7:21 PM).





n171.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Nov. 5, 2013, 4:44 AM).





n172.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Apr. 25, 2013, 9:25 PM).





n173.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 5:51 PM).





n174.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (May 1, 2013, 8:44 PM).





n175.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (May 1, 2013, 4:44 AM).





n176.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 5:36 PM).





n177.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 4:52 PM).





n178.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 30, 2013, 9:15 PM).





n179.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 28, 2013, 9:27 PM).





n180.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 3:37 PM).





n181.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 28, 2013, 7:13 PM).





n182.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Nov. 29, 2013, 4:51 PM).





n183.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (May 8, 2013, 11:01 PM).





n184.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Nov. 25, 2013, 11:23 PM).





n185.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Nov. 18. 2013, 3:07 AM).





n186.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Nov. 18. 2013, 3:07 AM).





n187.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Nov. 17. 2013, 7:40 PM).





n188.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (May 1, 2013, 4:40 AM).





n189.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (May 10, 2013, 4:13 AM).





n190.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (May 1, 2013, 4:38 AM).





n191.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 5:43 PM).





n192.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 4:25 PM).





n193.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 3:42 PM).





n194.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 3:42 PM).





n195.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 29, 2013, 6:56 PM).





n196.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 29, 2013, 6:56 PM).





n197.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Jan. 13, 2014, 5:26 PM).





n198.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Dec. 6, 2013, 7:58 PM).





n199.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Oct. 28, 2013, 11:24 AM).





n200.  Interview with Disaster Aid Survey Respondent (Dec. 5, 2013, 4:13 PM).





n201.  Drabek & McEntire, supra note 13, at 197-224.





n202.  Izzo, supra note 3, at 225.





n203.  Sterett, supra note 8, at 172.





n204.  Coles, supra note 5, at 92.





n205.  Id.





n206.  Id. at 108.





n207.  Sterett, supra note 8, at 172.





n208.  Id.





n209.  Evans & Reid, supra note 12.


                             849 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                             April 26, 2010 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Billions in foreign aid wasted: report; More funds urged for maternal care

BYLINE: Richard Foot, Canwest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 559  words

DATELINE: HALIFAX


Billions of public dollars have been wasted on corrupt and ineffective foreign-
aid programs over the past several decades, but even so, rich countries must fix
such flaws and increase their spending on development aid, says a new report by
Oxfam International.

The report's release coincides with this week's gathering of international
development ministers from the G-8 nations.

Bev Oda, federal minister of international co-operation, will host her G-8
counterparts in Halifax for a three-day meeting starting Monday.

One of the issues for discussion will be Prime Minister Stephen Harper's new
foreign-aid priority of improving maternal health care in the world's poorest
countries.

The initiative, whose details are still unclear, has become politically bogged
down over whether it should include new funding for birth control and access to
abortion.

"I haven't seen a concrete public explanation of what Canada wants to do," says
Mark Fried, Oxfam Canada's policy co-ordinator.

"Hopefully Canada is trying to build a consensus on this with other G-8
countries. I hope they'll confirm their belief in it this week, and put
specific, new money on the table for maternal health."

Oxfam, an independent aid agency with decades of experience in the world's
poorest regions, says rich governments need to drastically increase funding to
maternal health care and numerous other social and economic aid projects.

Canada spends 0.33 per cent of its gross national income on foreign aid, mostly
in Afghanistan, our largest aid recipient.

While calling for such spending to rise, Oxfam also acknowledges what a growing
chorus of critics are saying: that foreign aid efforts are often beset by waste,
corruption and outright failure.

"Clearly it is impossible to argue that no aid is wasted," says the report, 21st
Century Aid: Recognizing Success and Tackling Failure. "Aid is touched by
corruption . . . (and) aid dependency is an issue that needs attention."

Oxfam agrees that too much aid spending is determined by the wishes of donors,
rather than the needs of recipients.

It says aid efforts also fail when development spending is coupled with military
goals -- such as in Afghanistan -- or handed over without accountability to
corrupt governments, or misspent on third-party consultants rather than actual
projects on the ground.

It also agrees in part with Dambisa Moyo, the influential aid critic from
Zambia, who has argued that foreign aid leads to economic dependency and
laziness in recipient countries.

But Oxfam says such problems are not reasons to abolish aid, but to fix it.

"It is true that not all aid works, and that a lot of it could work better.
(But) pulling the plug on aid now, or even in five or 10 years time, would
almost certainly result in vast increases in poverty, the collapse of burgeoning
health and education systems, and major reverses in the progress that has been
made," the report says.

Oxfam says improvements to the aid system are already underway, and it calls on
governments and donor agencies such as the UN to make aid funding more
predictable, so recipient countries can plan better.

It also says aid should increasingly be given directly to governments in
developing countries, with strict transparency and accountability conditions
requiring the money to be used to pay for public services such as health,
education and agriculture.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2010 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             850 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                             April 26, 2010 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Foreign aid system flawed, Oxfam agrees; Fix it but don't cut spending: report;
Group urges more direct government funding for accountable health, education
programs

BYLINE: RICHARD FOOT, Canwest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 557  words

DATELINE: HALIFAX


Billions of public dollars have been wasted on corrupt and ineffective foreign-
aid programs over the past several decades - but even so, rich countries must
fix such flaws and increase their spending on development aid, says a new report
by Oxfam International.

The report's release coincides with this week's gathering of international
development ministers from the G8 nations.

Bev Oda, federal minister of international co-operation, will host her G8
counterparts in Halifax for a three-day meeting starting today.

One of the issues for discussion is Prime Minister Stephen Harper's new foreign-
aid priority of improving maternal health care in the world's poorest countries.

The initiative, whose details are still unclear, has become politically bogged
down over whether it should include new funding for birth control and access to
abortion.

"I haven't seen a concrete public explanation of what Canada wants to do," says
Mark Fried, Oxfam Canada's policy co-ordinator.

"Hopefully Canada is trying to build a consensus on this with other G8
countries. I hope they'll confirm their belief in it this week, and put
specific, new money on the table for maternal health."

Oxfam, an independent aid agency, says rich nations must drastically increase
funding to maternal health care and many other social and economic aid projects.

In 1970, developed countries agreed through the United Nations to spend 0.7 per
cent of their gross national income on foreign aid. Oxfam says that since 2008
only Denmark, Luxembourg, Holland, Norway and Sweden have met that goal, and
that the global shortfall in aid commitments now amounts to about $3 trillion
U.S.

Canada spends 0.33 per cent of its gross national income on foreign aid, mostly
in Afghanistan.

While calling for such spending to rise, Oxfam also acknowledges what a growing
chorus of critics are saying - that foreign-aid efforts are often beset by
waste, corruption and outright failure.

"Clearly it is impossible to argue that no aid is wasted," says the report, 21st
Century Aid: Recognizing Success and Tackling Failure.

"Aid is touched by corruption ... (and) aid dependency is an issue that needs
attention."

Oxfam agrees that too much aid spending is determined by the wishes of donors,
rather than the needs of recipients.

It says aid efforts also fail when development spending is coupled with military
goals - such as in Afghanistan - or handed over without accountability to
corrupt governments, or misspent on third-party consultants rather than actual
projects on the ground.

It also agrees in part with Dambisa Moyo, the influential aid critic from
Zambia, who has argued that foreign aid leads to economic dependency and
laziness in recipient countries.

But Oxfam says such problems are not reasons to abolish aid, but to fix it.

"Pulling the plug on aid now, or even in five or 10 years time, would almost
certainly result in vast increases in poverty, the collapse of burgeoning health
and education systems, and major reverses in the progress that has been made,"
the report says.

Oxfam says improvements to the aid system are already under way.

It says aid should increasingly be given directly to governments in developing
countries, with strict transparency and accountability conditions requiring the
money to be used to pay for public services such as health, education and
agriculture.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: REUTERS; Stephen Harper wants more aid for maternal health-care
programs in the world's poorest countries.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             851 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                             June 17, 2006 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Aids 'denialism' gathers strange bedfellows: DISEASE I The great tent of
ignorance for those who deny HIV causes AIDS covers the left, the right, pop
figures and scientists

BYLINE: Peter McKnight, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Peter McKnight; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 1253  words


Twenty-five years after AIDS began ravaging the world, 40 per cent of South
Africans believe there is a cure for the deadly disease. This level of ignorance
would be troubling anywhere, but in a country with one of the highest rates of
HIV prevalence in the world, it's shocking.

Shocking, but not surprising, because South African leaders, including President
Thabo Mbeki and, remarkably, Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang, who is an
obstetrician with a master's degree in public health, have in recent years
allied themselves with AIDS "denialists" -- those who deny that HIV causes AIDS.

Although many AIDS denialists have questionable scientific credentials, several
respectable scientists give the movement sustenance, including Peter Duesberg, a
molecular biologist at the University of California, Berkeley, and Kary Mullis,
who received the 1993 Nobel Prize in chemistry for developing polymerase chain
reaction (PCR), which is used to measure HIV viral load. (Mullis argues that
this is an inappropriate use of the technology.)

Duesberg, the most famous AIDS denialist, has long argued that there is
insufficient evidence to conclude that HIV causes AIDS, that HIV is simply a
harmless retrovirus and that AIDS is really caused by illicit drug use, or by
the very drugs used to treat HIV infection.

Most virologists object vociferously to such AIDS denialism on the grounds that
it could harm prevention and treatment efforts -- Tshabalala-Msimang, for
example, has advocated treating AIDS patients with garlic, beetroot, olive oil
and lemons -- but the movement has gained adherents, and not just in South
Africa.

Pop culture has given AIDS denialism its blessings, with the fashionable and
foolish, including avant garde songstress Nina Hagen and rock band Foo Fighters,
promoting the theory. And in March of this year, the once reputable Harper's
Magazine published a long article, replete with errors, by journalist and
well-known AIDS denialist Celia Farber.

Duesberg's theories also have a strangely bipartisan appeal among those with a
political axe to grind. Some leftist AIDS activist groups, including ACT UP San
Francisco and Toronto-based HEAL, have taken to promoting AIDS denialism, either
because they believe the HIV-AIDS connection is a sinister plot by avaricious
drug companies or because denying that HIV causes AIDS gives some hope to those
who are infected.

Similarly, some members of the religious right warm to the notion that AIDS is
caused by a licentious lifestyle rather than a virus (although they could argue
that a licentious lifestyle increases the risk of contracting the virus.)

Hence we see something of an unusual alliance between the right and the left,
strangely reminiscent of the alliance formed to attack the theory of evolution.
So it should come as no surprise that some leading lights of anti-evolution
Intelligent Design theory, including ID godfather Phillip Johnson and Moonie
Jonathan Wells, have joined the AIDS denialist camp.

Indeed, Johnson has even co-authored denialist papers with Kary Mullis, though
one has to wonder how he squares Mullis's admittedly bohemian lifestyle --
Mullis has reportedly slept with more women than the Rolling Stones and claims
the inspiration for PCR came during an LSD trip -- with his own hellfire
Presbyterianism.

In any case, despite the broad appeal of Duesberg's theories, there is
overwhelming evidence that HIV, rather than drug use, causes AIDS. To be sure,
causation is a tremendously difficult concept in both science and metaphysics,
but the HIV-AIDS theory satisfies the most stringent standards for establishing
medical causation.

In the late 19th century, German bacteriologist Robert Koch listed four
postulates to help determine whether a given microbe causes a given disease: The
microbe must be found in every person with the disease; to rule our other
causes, it must be isolated from someone with the disease and grown in a culture
in a laboratory; the microbe must then be introduced to a healthy person and
cause the same disease in that person; and it must then be isolated from the
newly infected person.

For various reasons, it's not always possible to satisfy Koch's postulates,
particularly with viruses. But virtually all scientists, including Duesberg,
agree that if the postulates are satisfied, then causality is established.

As for the first postulate, virtually all AIDS patients test positive for HIV.
According to the AIDS organization AVERT, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control
and Prevention assessed 230,179 AIDS-like cases in 1993 and found only 47
involved people who were HIV-negative.

This clearly provides strong evidence of an association between HIV and AIDS.
And while it's true that a very small number of HIV-negative people develop AIDS
-like symptoms, such symptoms are caused, more often than not, by cancer
therapies or anti-rejection drugs that are designed to suppress the immune
system.

Further, a Vancouver study published in the British medical journal The Lancet
followed 350 HIV-negative gay men for more than eight years and found that none
developed AIDS despite the fact that many used significant amounts of illicit
drugs.

As for the second postulate, HIV has been isolated from a great variety of
bodily fluids and grown in pure cultures.

It's more difficult to satisfy the third and fourth postulates since we can't
deliberately infect people with HIV. Nevertheless, the U.S. National Institutes
of Health reported in 1995 the accidental infection of three laboratory workers
who were working with cloned HIV. The virus was isolated and found to be the
same virus with which the technicians had been working, and some years later,
the technicians developed immune deficiency.

Further, a chimpanzee deliberately infected with HIV developed AIDS, and when
the infected chimp's blood was transfused to another chimp, it too began to
experience immune deficiency.

This evidence has convinced the vast majority of scientists that HIV satisfies
Koch's postulates. But it's not by any means the only evidence.

For example, HIV infection also serves as a powerful predictor of illness and
death in both developed and developing countries. Numerous studies have found
that HIV-positive people are anywhere from six to 27 times as likely to die as
uninfected individuals.

The benefits of antiretroviral drugs also suggest that HIV is the cause of AIDS.
Antiretrovirals, which prevent HIV from replicating, have greatly reduced
morbidity and mortality rates among patients who take them, despite Duesberg's
claim that they cause AIDS. Antiretrovirals have also been successful in
preventing mother-to-child HIV transmission, which has consequently decreased
the number of children who develop AIDS.

This last fact helps to explain the hostility sometimes directed at AIDS
denialists by members of the scientific establishment.

While mainstream scientists are, unfortunately, often hostile to unorthodox
ideas, the desire among some to shut down the denialist movement is
understandable given that denialist ideas could lead to many children,
especially in South Africa, being needlessly infected with a potentially fatal
virus.

In this sense, AIDS denialism is a much more immediate problem than skepticism
about evolution or global warming. While it might appeal to those with political
motives, or to the fashionable and foolish, AIDS denialism must be countered,
vocally and vociferously, because it threatens to deny a generation of children
a fair shot at life.

pmcknight@png.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Map: (See hardcopy for map)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             852 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                      January 20, 2017 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Research and Markets - Global Hearing Aids Market to Grow at CAGR of 5%,
2017-2022: Devices, Implant Types, OTC Amplifiers, Diagnostic Instruments, Sales
Volume, Company Analysis, Forecasts

LENGTH: 333  words


Jan. 20 -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global
Hearing Aids Market (by Devices, Implant Types, OTC Amplifiers, Diagnostic
Instruments), Sales Volume, Company Analysis and Forecast to 2022" report to
their offering.

Global Hearing Aids Market Sales Volume, Company Analysis and Forecast to 2022
provides a comprehensive assessment of the fast-evolving, high-growth hearing
aid industry.

The growing prevalence of hearing impairment coupled with an expanding global
geriatric population base and rapid technological advancement are three primary
drivers of this market. While factors such as high cost of hearing aids, limited
reimbursement and lack of awareness hinders the growth of the market.

The hearing aids market is segmented into hearing aid devices, hearing implants,
OTC amplifiers and diagnostic instruments. The hearing aid devices segment
accounts for the largest share of the market. The rapid technological
advancements coupled with customization of the hearing devices and regulatory
approvals will drive the growth of this market segment. The hearing implant
segment captures the second largest share of the hearing aids market being
followed by diagnostic instruments. OTC amplifiers captures least share of the
hearing aids market.

Global Hearing Aids Market and Forecast - By Devices Type (2012 - 2022)

1. Behind The Ear (BTE) Hearing Aids

2. In The Ear (ITE) Hearing Aids

3. Receiver In The Ear (RIE) Hearing Aids

4. Completely In The Canal (CIC) Hearing Aids

5. In The Canal (ITC) Hearing Aids

Global Hearing Implants Market and Forecast - By Type (2012 - 2022)

1. Cochlear Implants Market

2. Bone Anchored Systems Market

Global Hearing Aids Market

- 8 Companies Covered

1. Sonova Holding Ag

2. Sivantos Pte. Ltd.

3. William Demant Holding A/S

4. GN ReSound

5. Starkey Hearing Technologies

6. Widex

7. RION Co., Ltd

8. Cochlear Limited

For more information about this report visit
http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/bk8ccg/global_hearing

Source: Research and Markets

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2017 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             853 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                      January 20, 2017 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Global Hearing Aids Market (by Devices, Implant Types, OTC Amplifiers,
Diagnostic Instruments), Sales Volume, Company Analysis, Forecast 2012-2022 -
Research and Markets

LENGTH: 333  words


Jan. 20 -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global
Hearing Aids Market (by Devices, Implant Types, OTC Amplifiers, Diagnostic
Instruments), Sales Volume, Company Analysis and Forecast to 2022" report to
their offering.

Global Hearing Aids Market Sales Volume, Company Analysis and Forecast to 2022
provides a comprehensive assessment of the fast-evolving, high-growth hearing
aid industry.

The growing prevalence of hearing impairment coupled with an expanding global
geriatric population base and rapid technological advancement are three primary
drivers of this market. While factors such as high cost of hearing aids, limited
reimbursement and lack of awareness hinders the growth of the market.

The hearing aids market is segmented into hearing aid devices, hearing implants,
OTC amplifiers and diagnostic instruments. The hearing aid devices segment
accounts for the largest share of the market. The rapid technological
advancements coupled with customization of the hearing devices and regulatory
approvals will drive the growth of this market segment. The hearing implant
segment captures the second largest share of the hearing aids market being
followed by diagnostic instruments. OTC amplifiers captures least share of the
hearing aids market.

Global Hearing Aids Market and Forecast - By Devices Type (2012 - 2022)

1. Behind The Ear (BTE) Hearing Aids

2. In The Ear (ITE) Hearing Aids

3. Receiver In The Ear (RIE) Hearing Aids

4. Completely In The Canal (CIC) Hearing Aids

5. In The Canal (ITC) Hearing Aids

Global Hearing Implants Market and Forecast - By Type (2012 - 2022)

1. Cochlear Implants Market

2. Bone Anchored Systems Market

Global Hearing Aids Market - 8 Companies Covered

1. Sonova Holding Ag

2. Sivantos Pte. Ltd.

3. William Demant Holding A/S

4. GN ReSound

5. Starkey Hearing Technologies

6. Widex

7. RION Co., Ltd

8. Cochlear Limited

For more information about this report visit
http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/dh35wx/global_hearing

Source: Research and Markets

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2017 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             854 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                       July 6, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Research and Markets - Global Hearing Aids Market CAGR Growth 5% by 2021 -
Trends, Technologies, Opportunities Report 2016-2021 - Key Vendors: Siemens,
Widex, Sonova Holding

LENGTH: 361  words


July 6 -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Hearing
Aids Market by Devices, Implant Types, OTC Amplifiers, Diagnostic Instruments,
Country Wise Market and Sales Volume Forecast to 2021 and Company Analysis "
report to their offering.

The global hearing aids market is expected to grow at a CAGR of around 5% during
the period 2016 - 2021.

This report titled Global Hearing Aids Market by Devices (Behind-The-Ear,
In-The-Ear, Receiver-In-The-Ear, Completely-In-The-Canal, In-The-Canal), Implant
Types (Cochlear Implant, Bone Anchored Systems), OTC Amplifiers, Diagnostic
Instruments, Country Wise Market and Sales Volume Forecast to 2021 and Company
Analysis provides a comprehensive assessment of the fast-evolving, high-growth
hearing aid industry.

This 151 Page report with 87 Figures and 2 Tables has been analyzed from 7
viewpoints:

1. Global Hearing Aids Market and Forecast - By Devices Type

2. Global Hearing Implants Market and Forecast - By Type

3. Global Hearing Aids Market and Forecast - By OTC Amplifiers

4. Global Hearing Aids Market and Forecast - By Diagnostic Instruments

5. Global Hearing Aids Market and Sales Volume - Country Wise Analysis

6. Global Hearing Aids Market - Company Analysis

7. Global Hearing Aids Market - Growth Factors and Challenges

Companies Mentioned:

* Cochlear Limited

* GN ReSound

* RION Co., Ltd.

* Siemens (Sivantos Pte. Ltd.)

* Sonova Holding Ag

* Starkey Hearing Technologies

* Widex

* William Demant Holding A/S

Report Structure:

1. Executive Summary

2. Global Hearing Aids Market and Forecast (2012 - 2021)

3. Global Hearing Aids Sales Volume and Forecast (2012 - 2021)

4. Global Hearing Aids Market Share and Forecast (2012 - 2021)

5. Global Hearing Aids Market and Forecast - By Devices Type (2012 - 2021)

6. Global Hearing Implants Market and Forecast - By Type (2012 - 2021)

7. Global Hearing Aids Market and Sales Volume - Country Wise Analysis (2012 -
2021)

8. Global Hearing Aids Market - Company Analysis

9. Global Hearing Aids Market - Growth Factors

10. Global Hearing Aids Market - Challenges

For more information visit
http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/bxnsw8/global_hearing

Source: Research and Markets

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             855 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Express

                           February 17, 2015 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Special Digital Hearing Aid for Pensioners!;
Large Hearing Aid Co-operative uses its bulk buying power to discount normal
prices on a new tiny digital aid for Pensioners!

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 45

LENGTH: 581 words


The aid that more people want than any other!

If you don't like the idea of wearing a normal hearing aid, don't worry - you'll
be delighted to hear about this revolutionary digital aid. For all of these
reasons: Better science equals better hearing Using the very latest, most
advanced technology you will be amazed at how much more clearly and naturally
you can hear than ever before - even when background noise is present.

The World's most 'invisible' hearing aid So tiny and cosmetically discreet - you
can wear this brilliantly designed device wherever and whenever you like and yet
people genuinely won't know you are wearing a hearing aid.

So comfortable - you really will forget you are wearing it Unlike conventional
hearing aids, this new invention just sits softly inside your ear without
blocking it. So everything you hear sounds natural - including your own voice.
You can even use telephones and mobile phones like everyone else - with no
interference.

It cost much less than other digital aids Some hearing aid companies only want
to offer expensive hearing aids. However, as a large cooperative we have used
our bulk buying power to significantly reduce the cost of this revolutionary aid
and can now pass the saving on to you. Which means, if you are a pensioner, you
could make a substantial saving on the price of similar aids elsewhere.

First time or existing hearing aid users - don't wait another minute You will be
truly astonished by how much more easily and clearly you can hear conversation,
television and radio again. If you want to learn more about this exciting
breakthrough - act now.

For a free information pack without obligation - simply complete the FREEPOST
coupon opposite or FREEPHONE 0800 074 3980 (quote Ref A724DP) NHS or Private
Hearing Aids - which one is right for me? This FREE colour booklet will tell you
-What you have to do to obtain an NHS digital hearing aid.

NORMAL PRICE How to find out the likely waiting times in your area.

£3.99 Whether you qualify for a free digital hearing aid from the NHS.

What type of aids and what level of service you can expect from the NHS.

How to find the aid which is most suitable for you.

In fact, this comprehensive colour booklet will take you step-by-step through
everything you need to know about applying for a free digital hearing aid from
the NHS. To order your FREE copy simply FREEPHONE 0800 074 3980 (quote A724DP)
or post the FREEPOST coupon below.

Please send me FREE information pack & FREE NHS Guide PLEASE COMPLETE ALL
SECTIONS MARKED IN BLOCK CAPITALS.

Scottish, I.o.M. enquiries welcome.

Tick if Pensioner Tick if you use a hearing aid MR/MRS/MISS (Delete as
appropriate) ADDRESS POSTCODE DD MM Y Y D.O.B (we cannot despatch without all
details) TELEPHONE NUMBER MOBILE EMAIL Invisible Hearing (A724DP) FREEPOST
LON15651, London SE1 1BS Certain hearing aids may not help all types of hearing
loss.The information we send you will be from our authorised associate for your
area. If you do not wish to receive additional information by mail, phone or
email please advise.

For your FREE information pack - FREEPHONE (Quote 0800 074 3980 A724DP) Lines
open 8am - 8pm weekdays. 10am - 4pm weekends.

www.invisiblehearing.co.uk www.invisiblehearing.co.uk Post to: Invisible Hearing
(A724DP) FREEPOST LON15651, London SE1 1BS CALLERS WELCOME: Apex Corner: Keep
Able, 615-619 Watford Way, London NW7 3JN. Tel: 0208 201 0810 Staines: Hearing &
Mobility, 11-17 Kingston Road, London TW18 4QX. Tel: 01784 440 044

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: So tiny and discreet - no one will know your secret

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DXP


                       Copyright 2015 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             856 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Express

                           February 17, 2015 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Special Digital Hearing Aid for Pensioners!;
Large Hearing Aid Co-operative uses its bulk buying power to discount normal
prices on a new tiny digital aid for Pensioners!

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 45

LENGTH: 581 words


The aid that more people want than any other!

If you don't like the idea of wearing a normal hearing aid, don't worry - you'll
be delighted to hear about this revolutionary digital aid. For all of these
reasons: Better science equals better hearing Using the very latest, most
advanced technology you will be amazed at how much more clearly and naturally
you can hear than ever before - even when background noise is present.

The World's most 'invisible' hearing aid So tiny and cosmetically discreet - you
can wear this brilliantly designed device wherever and whenever you like and yet
people genuinely won't know you are wearing a hearing aid.

So comfortable - you really will forget you are wearing it Unlike conventional
hearing aids, this new invention just sits softly inside your ear without
blocking it. So everything you hear sounds natural - including your own voice.
You can even use telephones and mobile phones like everyone else - with no
interference.

It cost much less than other digital aids Some hearing aid companies only want
to offer expensive hearing aids. However, as a large cooperative we have used
our bulk buying power to significantly reduce the cost of this revolutionary aid
and can now pass the saving on to you. Which means, if you are a pensioner, you
could make a substantial saving on the price of similar aids elsewhere.

First time or existing hearing aid users - don't wait another minute You will be
truly astonished by how much more easily and clearly you can hear conversation,
television and radio again. If you want to learn more about this exciting
breakthrough - act now.

For a free information pack without obligation - simply complete the FREEPOST
coupon opposite or FREEPHONE 0800 074 3980 (quote Ref A724DP) NHS or Private
Hearing Aids - which one is right for me? This FREE colour booklet will tell you
-What you have to do to obtain an NHS digital hearing aid.

NORMAL PRICE How to find out the likely waiting times in your area.

£3.99 Whether you qualify for a free digital hearing aid from the NHS.

What type of aids and what level of service you can expect from the NHS.

How to find the aid which is most suitable for you.

In fact, this comprehensive colour booklet will take you step-by-step through
everything you need to know about applying for a free digital hearing aid from
the NHS. To order your FREE copy simply FREEPHONE 0800 074 3980 (quote A724DP)
or post the FREEPOST coupon below.

Please send me FREE information pack & FREE NHS Guide PLEASE COMPLETE ALL
SECTIONS MARKED IN BLOCK CAPITALS.

Scottish, I.o.M. enquiries welcome.

Tick if Pensioner Tick if you use a hearing aid MR/MRS/MISS (Delete as
appropriate) ADDRESS POSTCODE DD MM Y Y D.O.B (we cannot despatch without all
details) TELEPHONE NUMBER MOBILE EMAIL Invisible Hearing (A724DP) FREEPOST
LON15651, London SE1 1BS Certain hearing aids may not help all types of hearing
loss.The information we send you will be from our authorised associate for your
area. If you do not wish to receive additional information by mail, phone or
email please advise.

For your FREE information pack - FREEPHONE (Quote 0800 074 3980 A724DP) Lines
open 8am - 8pm weekdays. 10am - 4pm weekends.

www.invisiblehearing.co.uk www.invisiblehearing.co.uk Post to: Invisible Hearing
(A724DP) FREEPOST LON15651, London SE1 1BS CALLERS WELCOME: Apex Corner: Keep
Able, 615-619 Watford Way, London NW7 3JN. Tel: 0208 201 0810 Staines: Hearing &
Mobility, 11-17 Kingston Road, London TW18 4QX. Tel: 01784 440 044

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: So tiny and discreet - no one will know your secret

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DXP


                       Copyright 2015 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             857 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 9, 2015 Monday

In Honor of National Black HIV/AIDS Awareness Day, Waters Reintroduces the Stop
AIDS in Prison Act

LENGTH: 655  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Maxine Waters, U.S Government has issued
the following news release:

Congresswoman Maxine Waters (CA-43), Ranking Member of House Financial Services
Committee, reintroduced the Stop AIDS in Prison Act yesterday in honor of
National Black HIV/AIDS Awareness Day, which will be celebrated tomorrow,
February 7th. The bill is now H.R. 768 and has 23 original cosponsors.

"National Black HIV/AIDS Awareness Day is a day to remember that African
Americans have been severely and disproportionately impacted by HIV and AIDS;
blacks have the highest rate of new HIV infections and the highest death rate
due to AIDS," said Congresswoman Waters.  "National Black HIV/AIDS Awareness Day
is also a day to remember that we need to take the threat of HIV/AIDS seriously
and confront it in every institution of our society - that includes our nation's
prisons."

African Americans comprise a disproportionate share of the country's
incarcerated population. Compounding this problem, the rate of confirmed AIDS
cases in prisons is 2.5 times higher than the rate in the general population
according to the data from the Department of Justice. The Stop AIDS in Prison
Act addresses this issue by requiring the Federal Bureau of Prisons to develop a
comprehensive policy to provide HIV/AIDS prevention, testing, and treatment for
inmates in federal prisons.

"The Stop AIDS in Prison Act will help stop the spread of HIV/AIDS among prison
inmates, encourage them to take personal responsibility for their health, and
reduce the risk that they will transmit HIV/AIDS to other people in the
community following their release from prison," said Congresswoman Waters.

In a previous Congress in 2009, the Stop AIDS in Prison Act passed the House of
Representatives by a voice vote (H.R. 1429). However, the Senate did not
complete action on the bill prior to adjournment.

"I have introduced this bill several times over the years, and while it has
never made it to the President's desk, it has focused attention on the problem
of HIV/AIDS in our nation's prisons," said Congresswoman Waters.  "As a result,
the President's National HIV/AIDS Strategy, which was released in 2010, requires
the Bureau of Prisons to take steps to address the effects of HIV/AIDS within
the prison population.

Congresswoman Waters has been a leader of congressional efforts to combat the
spread of HIV/AIDS among racial and ethnic minorities.  In 1998, she worked with
members of the Congressional Black Caucus and officials in the Clinton
Administration to establish the Minority AIDS Initiative.  This initiative
provides grants to community-based organizations for HIV/AIDS awareness,
prevention, testing, and treatment programs serving racial and ethnic
minorities.  The initiative received an initial appropriation of $156 million in
fiscal year 1999.  Funding for it now amounts to more than $400 million per
year.

"I am proud that the Minority AIDS Initiative has strong support in Congress,"
said Congresswoman Waters.  "Last year, I circulated a letter to leaders of the
House Appropriations Committee requesting $610 million for the initiative in the
coming fiscal year, and 60 Members of Congress signed my letter.  While we did
not receive a substantial increase in funding, we were successful in protecting
this critical program from harmful budget cuts.  Because of our efforts, the
Minority AIDS Initiative received $425 million in fiscal year 2015 despite the
prevailing atmosphere of fiscal austerity."

"African Americans and other racial and ethnic minorities continue to be
disproportionately impacted by HIV/AIDS," said Congresswoman Waters.  "We must
do everything we can to promote HIV awareness and testing among these
communities and provide access to care and treatment for those who have been
affected."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             858 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Financial Daily

                           December 25, 2014 Thursday

HIV/AIDS accredited to an insignificant status

LENGTH: 723  words


Tackling the spread of HIV/AIDS assumed to have been accredited to an
insignificant position in Pakistan as compared to such as polio and measles. Now
Pakistan and our humble society cannot afford to ignore entirely HIV, especially
when medical experts have described the upsurge in AIDS cases as a "concentrated
epidemic".

AIDS are not even acknowledged as deserved claimants of Pakistan attention or
even basic human sympathy. Officials say that the majority of cases go
unreported due to social taboos about sex and victims' fears of discrimination.
AIDS prevention would have remained next to impossible till the moral caution
associated with discourse on its victims is not relinquished.

Human Immunodeficiency Virus/Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome (HIV/Aids) is
claiming more lives in Pakistan than ever, says a firstofitskind analysis of
trend data from 188 countries released. There has been an 11 percent increase in
mortality rates from HIV/Aids in Pakistan, according to the study that examines
data from 2000 to 2013.

Nevertheless it reports a decline in the death rates from tuberculosis (TB) and
malaria in Pakistan since 2000. Globally, HIV/Aids and tuberculosis kill fewer
people than they have in the past and the decline in new cases and deaths from
these diseases have accelerated since 2000.

Pakistan, however, is experiencing the opposite with HIV/Aids, according to the
study. From 2000 to 2013, the country averaged a 15 percent annual increase in
rates of new HIV/Aids infections, ultimately rising from less than 1 case per
100,000 to 6.7 per 100,000.

Mortality rates from HIV/Aids in Pakistan (1.5 deaths per 100,000), according to
the study, were higher than what was found in Afghanistan and Iran for 2013. The
rise in the rates for HIV/Aids in Pakistan, at a time when most countries are
recording progress against the disease, shows this finding and underlined the
need for action.

According to the Sindh AIDS Control Programme, there has been a 300 percent
increase in HIV/AIDS cases over the past five years in the province. Here has
been a "continuous rise" in HIV/AIDS cases since 1996. UN AIDS offers a similar
view for the nation as a whole; according to the UN programme there has been an
"eightfold" increase in new HIV infections between 2001 and 2012.

Injecting drug users have the highest prevalence of HIV, while sex workers come
in second. Spouses and partners of these vulnerable groups, as well as migrants
working in the Gulf and their spouses, are also at risk. Overall, more than
87,000 people are said to be living with HIV/AIDS in the country.

Government efforts to stop the spread of AIDS began in the late 1980s. But after
initial enthusiasm and activity, efforts appear to be suffering from "a lack of
focus", as some experts have put it. And as is the case with other areas of
governance, implementation of health initiatives has shifted primarily to the
provinces in the wake of devolution.

Hence what is needed is a proactive response from the provincial AIDS control
programmes. The federal government can play a coordinating and supporting role
while the good work NGOs have done in the field of creating awareness about HIV/
AIDS needs to be recognized and encouraged.

In order to tackle the spread of HIV/AIDS, the UN has recommended that updated
data records be maintained while expansion of testing services, especially
amongst vulnerable groups, is required. Along with efforts to prevent new HIV
cases through awareness, the state must ensure those living with the condition
have access to medical care and support. With information, planning and effort,
the further spread of HIV/AIDS can hopefully be halted in Pakistan.

The AIDS Response Progress Report 2014, prepared by the health ministry, makes
it clear that fundamental transmitters of the HIV virus are drug addicts using
injections, followed by sex workers, including those from the transgender
community. AIDS prevention and treatment will remain an impossible policy target
and the numbers of victims will continue to soar.

The government must ensure that aid victims' individuals have full access to
information on AIDS prevention, along with the necessary equipment that can curb
incidence. It would be well to remember that the eradication of the HIV virus is
not simply a domestic obligation but also a state obligation.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 The Financial Daily
                              All Rights Reserved


                             859 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                      October 14, 2014 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Rite Aid Readies for 2015 Medicare Part D Enrollment

LENGTH: 386  words


Oct. 14 -- US-based Rite Aid Corp issued the following news release:

To help senior customers as they get ready to select a prescription drug plan
(PDP) or update their existing coverage during the upcoming annual Medicare Part
D enrollment period, Rite Aid is once again offering free resources. Beginning
Oct. 15, customers can use Rite Aid's Medicare Advisor, available at any Rite
Aid pharmacy, to request the three lowest-cost prescription drug plans based on
current prescriptions filled at Rite Aid*. Rite Aid's Medicare Advisor is also
available online at www.riteaid.com/medicareadvisor.

"Rite Aid is committed to offering convenient, informative and
easy-to-understand resources to help our customers make the best decisions to
achieve their individual health and wellness goals," said Robert I. Thompson,
executive vice president of pharmacy for Rite Aid.

"Prescriptions play an important role in maintaining good health and that's why
it's important to review your prescription drug coverage each year. Accessible
in Rite Aid pharmacies nationwide or from home, our Medicare Advisor is a
valuable tool for customers evaluating their prescription coverage, helping them
to confidently choose the best plan based on their prescription needs."

With Rite Aid's Medicare Advisor, customers can compare the estimated annual
costs of various plans, including monthly premiums, brand and generic co-pays
and drugs covered. Customers can then discuss their Medicare Advisor report with
their Rite Aid pharmacists, who are available to answer questions they may have.

Rite Aid will serve as the exclusive co-branded preferred pharmacy provider for
the new Symphonix Rite Aid Premier Rx (PDP)**. There is no deductible for those
enrolled in the plan, which also offers low copays and covers an expansive list
of covered medications. Rite Aid is also the exclusive preferred pharmacy
provider for the Symphonix Rite Aid Value Rx (PDP)**. Both plans are available
everywhere Rite Aid operates except Connecticut, Massachusetts, New York,
Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Virginia and West Virginia.

Rite Aid is in the networks of hundreds of other Medicare prescription drug
plans; see www.riteaid.com/medicareadvisor for more information.

The Medicare Part D enrollment period runs through December 7, 2014.

Source: Rite Aid Corp

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             860 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 23, 2014 Monday

Massachusetts: Senior Financial Aid Counselor

LENGTH: 521  words

DATELINE: Boston


Department of Human Resources, The State of Massachusetts has issued the
following job opportunities:

Agency Name: Massachusetts Bay Community College
Official Title: Senior Financial Aid Counselor
Functional Title: Senior Financial Aid Counselor
Occupational Group: Other
Position Type: Not Given
Full-Time or Part-Time: Full-Time
Salary Range: $47,548.00 to $73,949.35 Annually
Bargaining Unit: N/A
Shift: Day
Confidential: No
Number Of Vacancies: 1
City/Town: Wellesley
Region: METRO BOSTON
Facility Location:
Application Deadline: 07-04-2014
Apply Online: No
Posting ID: J42256
Duties:

Perform administrative work involving the processing of student aid applications
to determine eligibility for financial aid, student communications, and the
maintenance of computerized records. Advise students on the application
procedures, review student aid application files, determine eligibility for
federal, state, and institutional financial aid, award aid to eligible students,
manage computerized financial aid records, and communicate electronically with
related agencies.

Key Responsibilities and Duties:

o Provide financial aid services for day and evening students at the Wellesley
Hills and Framingham campuses, as needed;
o Assist students with the financial aid process, including completion of the
financial aid application;
o Participate in both day and evening open house activities at both campuses;
o Performs tasks associated with department activities (i.e. compiles data,
researches statistics,
generates reports);
o Interacts with various individuals and agencies at meetings and on committees
both on-and-off-campus;
o Review financial aid files, perform needs analysis, perform verification, make
corrections when necessary, and determine eligibility for Federal and State
financial aid funds;
o Assist with the review of academic records to ensure that the standards of
satisfactory progress are
met;
o Certify and award alternative student loans;
o Responsible for maintaining current knowledge in all aspects of financial aid
including changes to Federal regulations;
o Other related duties as required.
Qualifications:

o Bachelor's degree required;
o Three to five years of related experience in financial aid environment and/or
training involving financial
aid operations, or loan processing; or an equivalent combination of education,
training, and experience;
o Demonstrated knowledge and competency with computerized financial aid
applications in a network
environment, PeopleSoft experience preferred;
o Ability to establish rapport with a diverse student population;
o Ability to provide clear and concise written and oral instruction;
o Experience with community college population desirable;
o Ability to take initiative and provide leadership in working with departmental
and College initiatives;
o Possess strong analytical and organizational skills and strong attention to
detail;
o Ability to work flexible hours/shifts preferred and willingness to travel to
all campuses (Wellesley Hills, Framingham and Ashland);
o Ability to work independently and as part of a team.

For further information please visit: https://jobs.hrd.state.ma.us

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             861 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 21, 2014 Saturday

Massachusetts: Senior Financial Aid Counselor

LENGTH: 521  words

DATELINE: Boston


Department of Human Resources, The State of Massachusetts has issued the
following job opportunities:

Agency Name: Massachusetts Bay Community College
Official Title: Senior Financial Aid Counselor
Functional Title: Senior Financial Aid Counselor
Occupational Group: Other
Position Type: Not Given
Full-Time or Part-Time: Full-Time
Salary Range: $47,548.00 to $73,949.35 Annually
Bargaining Unit: N/A
Shift: Day
Confidential: No
Number Of Vacancies: 1
City/Town: Wellesley
Region: METRO BOSTON
Facility Location:
Application Deadline: 07-04-2014
Apply Online: No
Posting ID: J42256
Duties:

Perform administrative work involving the processing of student aid applications
to determine eligibility for financial aid, student communications, and the
maintenance of computerized records. Advise students on the application
procedures, review student aid application files, determine eligibility for
federal, state, and institutional financial aid, award aid to eligible students,
manage computerized financial aid records, and communicate electronically with
related agencies.

Key Responsibilities and Duties:

o Provide financial aid services for day and evening students at the Wellesley
Hills and Framingham campuses, as needed;
o Assist students with the financial aid process, including completion of the
financial aid application;
o Participate in both day and evening open house activities at both campuses;
o Performs tasks associated with department activities (i.e. compiles data,
researches statistics,
generates reports);
o Interacts with various individuals and agencies at meetings and on committees
both on-and-off-campus;
o Review financial aid files, perform needs analysis, perform verification, make
corrections when necessary, and determine eligibility for Federal and State
financial aid funds;
o Assist with the review of academic records to ensure that the standards of
satisfactory progress are
met;
o Certify and award alternative student loans;
o Responsible for maintaining current knowledge in all aspects of financial aid
including changes to Federal regulations;
o Other related duties as required.
Qualifications:

o Bachelor's degree required;
o Three to five years of related experience in financial aid environment and/or
training involving financial
aid operations, or loan processing; or an equivalent combination of education,
training, and experience;
o Demonstrated knowledge and competency with computerized financial aid
applications in a network
environment, PeopleSoft experience preferred;
o Ability to establish rapport with a diverse student population;
o Ability to provide clear and concise written and oral instruction;
o Experience with community college population desirable;
o Ability to take initiative and provide leadership in working with departmental
and College initiatives;
o Possess strong analytical and organizational skills and strong attention to
detail;
o Ability to work flexible hours/shifts preferred and willingness to travel to
all campuses (Wellesley Hills, Framingham and Ashland);
o Ability to work independently and as part of a team.

For further information please visit: https://jobs.hrd.state.ma.us

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             862 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 20, 2014 Friday

Massachusetts: Senior Financial Aid Counselor

LENGTH: 521  words

DATELINE: Boston


Department of Human Resources, The State of Massachusetts has issued the
following job opportunities:

Agency Name: Massachusetts Bay Community College
Official Title: Senior Financial Aid Counselor
Functional Title: Senior Financial Aid Counselor
Occupational Group: Other
Position Type: Not Given
Full-Time or Part-Time: Full-Time
Salary Range: $47,548.00 to $73,949.35 Annually
Bargaining Unit: N/A
Shift: Day
Confidential: No
Number Of Vacancies: 1
City/Town: Wellesley
Region: METRO BOSTON
Facility Location:
Application Deadline: 07-04-2014
Apply Online: No
Posting ID: J42256
Duties:

Perform administrative work involving the processing of student aid applications
to determine eligibility for financial aid, student communications, and the
maintenance of computerized records. Advise students on the application
procedures, review student aid application files, determine eligibility for
federal, state, and institutional financial aid, award aid to eligible students,
manage computerized financial aid records, and communicate electronically with
related agencies.

Key Responsibilities and Duties:

o Provide financial aid services for day and evening students at the Wellesley
Hills and Framingham campuses, as needed;
o Assist students with the financial aid process, including completion of the
financial aid application;
o Participate in both day and evening open house activities at both campuses;
o Performs tasks associated with department activities (i.e. compiles data,
researches statistics,
generates reports);
o Interacts with various individuals and agencies at meetings and on committees
both on-and-off-campus;
o Review financial aid files, perform needs analysis, perform verification, make
corrections when necessary, and determine eligibility for Federal and State
financial aid funds;
o Assist with the review of academic records to ensure that the standards of
satisfactory progress are
met;
o Certify and award alternative student loans;
o Responsible for maintaining current knowledge in all aspects of financial aid
including changes to Federal regulations;
o Other related duties as required.
Qualifications:

o Bachelor's degree required;
o Three to five years of related experience in financial aid environment and/or
training involving financial
aid operations, or loan processing; or an equivalent combination of education,
training, and experience;
o Demonstrated knowledge and competency with computerized financial aid
applications in a network
environment, PeopleSoft experience preferred;
o Ability to establish rapport with a diverse student population;
o Ability to provide clear and concise written and oral instruction;
o Experience with community college population desirable;
o Ability to take initiative and provide leadership in working with departmental
and College initiatives;
o Possess strong analytical and organizational skills and strong attention to
detail;
o Ability to work flexible hours/shifts preferred and willingness to travel to
all campuses (Wellesley Hills, Framingham and Ashland);
o Ability to work independently and as part of a team.

For further information please visit: https://jobs.hrd.state.ma.us

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             863 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             March 25, 2014 Tuesday

Bluetooth hearing aids could take off with baby boomers

BYLINE: By Julio Ojeda-Zapata jojeda@pioneepress.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Columnists; Business; Health

LENGTH: 754 words


Aging baby boomers, increasingly suffering from hearing loss, often are
reluctant to wear hearing aids, which they associate with, um, aging.

A bit of Apple cachet could change that, and two Twin Cities-based hearing-aid
manufacturers are collaborating with the tech giant on a generation of
iPhone-connected hearing devices.

These hearing aids achieve a wireless connection with an iPhone or other iOS
mobile device directly, much as consumer cellphone headsets do.

Eden Prairie-based Starkey, which is among the world's leading hearing-aid
manufacturers, will begin selling one of the new devices, called Halo, early
next week.

GN ReSound, a Bloomington-based hearing-aid maker, recently began offering a
similar product -- LiNX. GN ReSound is part of the Denmark-based
audio-technology company GN Store Nord.

Both companies have worked closely with Apple Inc. in recent years to fashion
the new class of iOS-compatible hearing aids.

Recent upgrades to Apple's iOS mobile operating system include audio technology
that enables the new hardware, which the device maker is dubbing "Made for
iPhone Hearing Aids." The hearing aids also work with iPad tablets and iPod
Touch media players.

The devices use Bluetooth wireless technology, which is what cellphone headsets
typically use. Apple's refinements specific to these hearing aids boost their
audio quality while preventing the medical devices' batteries from being drained
too quickly.

This effectively turns the hearing aids into Bluetooth headsets, allowing users
to engage in routine tasks such as making and taking calls, listening to music,
engaging in video chats and heeding driving-navigation prompts.

Starkey and GN ReSound apps essentially turn the Apple mobile devices into
hearing-aid control panels. With Starkey's app, Halo owners can record audio,
use their iOS gadgets as microphones, fine-tune how the audio sounds in their
ears and create noise-filter presets for different environments, such as cars
and restaurants.

They can even use their iPhones to find their misplaced hearing aids by using
GPS.

Dusty Dorey, a 29-year-old Minneapolis software trainer with lifelong hearing
loss, has been testing the Halo hearing aid and is delighted with it.

The technology's high degree of adjustability has allowed him to fine-tune it
for situations he finds problematic, such as high-pitched voices or people
speaking softly. In the past, he would have needed to visit his audiologist to
have such adjustments made.

He's also impressed with how the Halo app can recall places he's visited and the
corresponding hearing-aid settings, and activate them automatically as required.

"When (Starkey) showed me that for the first time, I was pretty blown away by
that," Dorey said.

The GN ReSound app for use with the LiNX hearing aid works on a similar
principle. It lets LiNX users set volume levels, tweak treble and bass settings,
and assign automated sound settings to frequently visited places like home, work
and favorite restaurants.

Another U.S. hearing-aid company, Chicago-based Beltone, also is run by
Denmark's GN Store Nord and provides a LiNX-style hearing aid with another name,
Beltone First. Users control that medical device using a HearPlus app installed
on their iOS gadgets.

According to Beltone, the app remembers the places users visit and automatically
switches to their preferred settings for those locations. The app also
fine-tunes treble and bass, and has a "Find My Hearing Aid" feature.

The iOS-ready hearing aids will not come cheap, typically running into the
thousands of dollars.

Hearing-aid users previously had been able to use smartphones, but they needed
to use clunky "relay" devices stuffed into their pockets or dangling from their
necks to get their phones to work with their medical devices.

More than 36 million Americans have a hearing loss, but only one out of five
people who could benefit from a hearing aid actually wears one, according to the
National Institute on Deafness and Other Communication Disorders.

Boomers, the post-WWII generation long associated with youth, are notorious
about avoiding hearing aids, often waiting seven years after the onset of
hearing loss to seek technical assistance, according to Starkey. About 12
million baby boomers are suffering from some kind of hearing loss, the company
estimates.

"By associating our product with Apple, we're hoping to get hearing aids on
people sooner," said Kyle Acker, Starkey's manager of education and training.

Such "Apple acceptance" can be a powerful motivator, Acker said.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Eden Prairie-based hearing aid company Starkey plans to introduce its
Halo iPhone compatible hearing aid in April. (Photo courtesy Starkey)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             864 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                           November 4, 2010 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

BBC apology over Live Aid cash claims

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 423 words


The BBC "unreservedly" apologised today for broadcasting a series of reports
claiming money raised by Live Aid to fight famine in Ethiopia was spent on
weapons.

The corporation admitted in an on-air apology it had "no evidence" for the
claims which prompted a complaint from Band Aid trustees including Bob Geldof.

An edition of Assignment, broadcast on the World Service last March, initially
reported aid had been diverted by a rebel group in the beleaguered African
country to buy guns.

That story was subsequently followed up online and on programmes including From
Our Own Correspondent and the BBC News which named Live Aid and Band Aid as the
source of the mis-directed funds.

An apology to be broadcast on the World Service today said: "Following a
complaint from the Band Aid Trust, the BBC has investigated the programme. The
investigation has concluded that the programme's evidence did not relate to
money raised by Band Aid and Live Aid. However, the programme gave the
impression that large amounts of Band Aid and Live Aid money had been diverted.
The BBC wishes to apologise unreservedly to the Band Aid Trust for this
misleading and unfair impression. The BBC also wishes to apologise unreservedly
to the Band Aid Trust for a number of reports on television, radio and online
which went further than the programme itself in stating that millions of pounds
raised by Band Aid and Live Aid had been diverted to buy arms. The BBC had no
evidence for these statements, and they shouldn't have been broadcast."

The corporation also apologised to Geldof after it "unfairly" said he refused to
comment on the story because it was too sensitive.

Geldof welcomed the move but warned the BBC's "misleading and unfair" coverage
could damage public faith in charity campaigns.

He said: "This was an unusual lapse in standards by the broadcaster and, most
critically, the World Service. It was Michael Buerk's frontline reports for the
BBC from Ethiopia which prompted me to act and establish Band Aid in the first
place and I recognise the important journalistic and humanitarian role the BBC
has played in our story.

"On behalf of all those members of the public who have so magnificently donated
to Band Aid and Live Aid, we welcome the BBC's apologies and hope the public
corrections can begin to repair some of the appalling damage done and move
forward."

The corporation also came under fire from Michael Grade, a former BBC chairman
and Band Aid trustee, who said they had got the story "horribly wrong".

CAPTION: Welcomed move: Bob Geldof

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                Copyright 2010 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             865 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                           November 4, 2010 Thursday
                                  City Edition

BBC apology over Live Aid cash claims

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 423 words


The BBC "unreservedly" apologised today for broadcasting a series of reports
claiming money raised by Live Aid to fight famine in Ethiopia was spent on
weapons.

The corporation admitted in an on-air apology it had "no evidence" for the
claims which prompted a complaint from Band Aid trustees including Bob Geldof.

An edition of Assignment, broadcast on the World Service last March, initially
reported aid had been diverted by a rebel group in the beleaguered African
country to buy guns.

That story was subsequently followed up online and on programmes including From
Our Own Correspondent and the BBC News which named Live Aid and Band Aid as the
source of the mis-directed funds.

An apology to be broadcast on the World Service today said: "Following a
complaint from the Band Aid Trust, the BBC has investigated the programme. The
investigation has concluded that the programme's evidence did not relate to
money raised by Band Aid and Live Aid. However, the programme gave the
impression that large amounts of Band Aid and Live Aid money had been diverted.
The BBC wishes to apologise unreservedly to the Band Aid Trust for this
misleading and unfair impression. The BBC also wishes to apologise unreservedly
to the Band Aid Trust for a number of reports on television, radio and online
which went further than the programme itself in stating that millions of pounds
raised by Band Aid and Live Aid had been diverted to buy arms. The BBC had no
evidence for these statements, and they shouldn't have been broadcast."

The corporation also apologised to Geldof after it "unfairly" said he refused to
comment on the story because it was too sensitive.

Geldof welcomed the move but warned the BBC's "misleading and unfair" coverage
could damage public faith in charity campaigns.

He said: "This was an unusual lapse in standards by the broadcaster and, most
critically, the World Service. It was Michael Buerk's frontline reports for the
BBC from Ethiopia which prompted me to act and establish Band Aid in the first
place and I recognise the important journalistic and humanitarian role the BBC
has played in our story.

"On behalf of all those members of the public who have so magnificently donated
to Band Aid and Live Aid, we welcome the BBC's apologies and hope the public
corrections can begin to repair some of the appalling damage done and move
forward."

The corporation also came under fire from Michael Grade, a former BBC chairman
and Band Aid trustee, who said they had got the story "horribly wrong".

CAPTION: Welcomed move: Bob Geldof

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                Copyright 2010 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             866 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            August 12, 2006 Saturday

Pastoral prescription for HIV/AIDS: ministration and compassion;
From Day One of the HIV/AIDS pandemic, the Catholic Church has been delivering
health care, charity and understanding, says Rev. THOMAS ROSICA

BYLINE: THOMAS ROSICA

SECTION: COMMENT; XVI INTERNATIONAL AIDS CONFERENCE; Pg. A21

LENGTH: 947 words


For the next week, we will be bombarded with news about HIV/AIDS as thousands of
scientists, researchers, specialists, health-care workers and activists gather
in Toronto for the XVI International AIDS Conference, which has as its theme:
"Time To Deliver."

As head of a Catholic Media Foundation, and the Salt and Light Catholic
Television Network in Canada, I often hear: What does the Roman Catholic Church
say about AIDS? (The question usually means, "What is the hierarchy saying?")

There are also underlying questions: Why is the church allowing AIDS to spread
by rejecting the use of condoms? Is HIV/AIDS a form of divine punishment? How
should I respond to my child, relative, neighbour, colleague who is HIV
positive? Besides suffering from HIV/AIDS, why do so many people suffer
prejudice and rejection, even from other Catholics? What is the Church doing
about this worldwide pandemic?

The Catholic Church has spoken consistently, clearly and powerfully about HIV/
AIDS. The Church continues to make her contribution, both in prevention and in
caring for people afflicted by HIV/AIDS and their families, at the level of
medical care and assistance, and at the social, spiritual and pastoral levels.

About 27 per cent of the world's centres that provide care in relation to HIV/
AIDS are Catholic-based. From Day One of the HIV/AIDS pandemic, the Catholic
Church has been delivering health care, compassion, charity and understanding.

When governments and agencies took their blessed time to assess the crisis and
respond to it in its early years, Mother Teresa of Calcutta opened hospices
throughout the world for people with HIV/AIDS. She and her sisters made no
distinction in those who still find refuge in her AIDS hospices.

Based on the Bible and on the Church's long tradition, and especially on the
life of Jesus, the Church's teachings have stressed the value and dignity of
every person, the rights and responsibilities of society, and the love and
compassion of God.

And yet the role of the Church in the midst of the HIV/AIDS epidemic has been
met with vehement debate and disagreement, especially in three areas: the
understanding of human sexuality, strategies for HIV/AIDS prevention, and social
justice. Service and social justice are an integral part of the Church's
response to AIDS. This is why the Church combines pastoral ministry with health
care, the exercise of compassion, and spiritual support; with personal morality,
social ethics, and education for prevention.

Long before HIV/AIDS was identified, the Church's teachings about
heterosexuality and homosexuality were being questioned. The Church's continued
emphasis on holding together the procreative and unitive dimensions of sexual
intercourse only in the context of marriage receives little support from
cultures that trivialize human sexuality. We are part of one of those cultures,
whether we wish to admit it or not.

The Church's social teachings have also been rejected by many people since long
before HIV/AIDS. Economic, political, and social powers do not easily grasp the
values of the gospel. Economic justice for all people and the end of oppression
are urgently needed to slow the spread of HIV/AIDS. The pandemic continues to
devastate the lives of individuals, families, and communities.

Populations are being wiped out in Africa because of the disease. In each
situation, the Church calls people to live and act as informed citizens and
faithful disciples of Christ.

One of the most tragic aspects about HIV/AIDS is the almost universal stigma and
discrimination based on ignorance, fear, sheer prejudice, and a strong tendency
to see HIV/AIDS as being a problem "out there," which somebody else has. People
living with HIV/AIDS face discrimination that is dehumanizing, and suffering
that strips the person's sense of worth and dignity. The Church teaches that all
forms of discrimination are wrong, whether in housing, jobs, insurance,
education, health care or religion.

HIV/AIDS is a human illness and not a punishment from God. The virus causes
great suffering and death. Church teachings address this sober reality and
neither play down the immensity of the suffering, nor promote a passive
acceptance. Rather, the teachings urge all Christians to model their lives after
Jesus of Nazareth, trusting in God, bringing comfort to those in need, and
confronting oppressive structures and situations.

The threat of HIV/AIDS does not change the Church's morality - which is founded
upon the Sacred Scriptures and 2,000 years of tradition - but the spread of the
virus makes it more urgent for the Church to transmit and communicate its
morality to the faithful, particularly to the young, and to those who,
explicitly or implicitly, share Christian values. In order to combat HIV/AIDS in
a responsible manner, the Church teaches respect for the sacred value of life
and a correct approach to sexuality.

If the Church and her pastoral leaders and members offer compassion and
consolation without considering the structures of sin, or preach morality and
prevention without combatting poverty, this is tantamount to scorning the
tradition of the Church and denying its mission to proclaim the Kingdom of God,
in which suffering, sin and death are defeated forever.

Following Jesus's example, the Church calls the faithful to disinterested,
service-oriented love, and thus to the fullness of life for people of every sex,
orientation, race, nationality, language and culture.

Father Thomas Rosica, CEO of the

Salt + Light Catholic Media Foundation and Catholic Television Network in
Canada, lectures in sacred scripture

at the University of St. Michael's College

in Toronto.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             867 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                     December 5, 2004 Sunday Final Edition

AIDS stigma can be a killer

BYLINE: The Canberra Times

SECTION: A; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 706 words


THIS is an edited version of the speech given by president of the AIDS Action
Council of the ACT, Joey Tabone at the ACT Chief Minister's Wednesday's
breakfast on World AIDS Day this week:BY GATHERING this week for the World AIDS
Awareness Week, it demonstrates the ongoing ACT Governmentand community support
for those living with HIV, and for the work (education, prevention and
support)of the AIDS Action Council.This week we are reminded of the realities of
HIV and AIDS.World AIDS Day and World AIDS Awareness Week are international
health-promotion events initiated by the joint United Nations Program on HIV/
AIDS.Each year World AIDS Day and the awareness week leading up to it take place
in more than 30 countries around the world.This is because HIV continues to
affect the global community. There is no cure. There is no vaccine. There is
still fear and ignorance in many communities including our own.In Australia -
HIV and AIDS are increasing in four of our state capital cities (Sydney,
Melbourne, Brisbane and Adelaide) - a sober reminder of the reality of the
Australian epidemic.As the United Nations AIDS campaignreports, "HIV and AIDS
can touch raw nerves in all our communities...  Along with general discomfort
about discussing HIV/AIDS issues, many communities also deal with high levels of
ignorance, denial, fear and intolerance about the disease itself."This year the
international HIV/AIDS campaign slogan "Have you heard me today?" calls for
action against the inequalities that put whole communities at risk. In
particular, this year's World AIDS campaign seeks to raise awarenessabout, and
help address, the many HIV/AIDS issues specifically affectingwomen and girls in
developing countries.It focuses on inequalities, lack of education, stigma and
discrimination. And we know these issues are as relevant in countries like
Australia as they are in others. Of course, education remains the key to
fighting it. In the words of UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan, "Only when
societies recognise that educating girls is not an option, but a necessity, will
girls and young women be able to build the knowledge, the self-confidence and
the independence they need to protect themselves from HIV/AIDS."This
international slogan "Have you heard me today?" is also of major relevance in
the developed world where HIV and AIDS continue to predominantly affect gay men.
Never before has it been so imperativeto ensure that the national
governmentrecognises and respect the importance of engagement and partnership.In
the past few years I have spoken out against a national government prepared to
stand by while HIV infections escalate around the country. Now, more than ever
before, do I feel it imperative to highlight the inadequacies of our current
national Government. This inadequacy seriously threatens the lives of future
Australians.Australia once led the world in terms of a HIV/AIDS response.We were
the first country in the world to have a national HIV/AIDS strategy.We were the
first country in the world to make sure that HIV-positive people were fully
engaged in the response.Many of us remember the impact of national campaigns in
the early days of the epidemic.As a result of this approach, Australia was the
first country in the world to successfully curb the increase in HIV infections
within the communityand more specifically within the gay community where it was,
and remains, most prevalent.But after 23 years of the epidemic, and as we reach
the end of 2004, the Federal Government has failed to deliver a fifth national
HIV/AIDS strategy.  It is irresponsible and it is unjust. It must not continue.
The fact remains that, as at July this year, Australia had lost 6363 individuals
to the virus.  There are now more than 14,000 people living with HIV in
Australia. And HIV/AIDS remains a global problem, affecting more than 40 million
people - a 10 per cent increase in one year on the estimates from last year. HIV
is a disease that doesn't discriminate between sex or gender.  It remains a
disease that has no borders.Please, I urge you to wear a red ribbon this month.
Talk to people about its significance, as an internationalsymbol of support for
the fight against HIV/AIDS.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2004 The Federal Capital Press of Australia Pty
                                    Limited


                             868 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     February 7, 2004 Saturday Home Edition

Groups share facts about blacks, AIDS

BYLINE: PATRICIA GUTHRIE

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Metro News; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 542 words


Today, Kevin English will be talking about an issue he wishes he knew little
about --- AIDS.

But wishing away the deadly virus and ignoring the risks of getting it are how
he ended up HIV-positive, he says.

"At age 23, I thought that it would never happen to me," says English, a
38-year-old counselor and testing specialist for National AIDS Education and
Services for Minorities, whose headquarters are in downtown Atlanta.

English's group and other area organizations will be out today spreading the
word that the epidemic hasn't gone away --- especially for African-Americans,
who continue to have the nation's highest AIDS transmission, prevalence and
death rates. Similar events are occurring nationwide.

Black men are nearly nine times more likely than white men to have AIDS, and
black women are 23 times more likely than white women to have AIDS, according to
the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. In 2002, blacks accounted for 54
percent of all new cases of new HIV diagnoses yet made up about 12 percent of
the U.S. population.

In Georgia, more than twice as many blacks than whites have contracted the
disease since 1981, according to the Georgia AIDS Coalition. From 1981 through
September 2003, African-Americans had 17,405 cases; whites recorded 9,012 cases
and Hispanics, 632 cases, coalition statistics show.

"People are surprised by the numbers, particularly in the African-American
community," says English, who found out he was infected with HIV, the virus that
causes AIDS, when he applied for his marriage license. "But once people know
someone with the virus, it opens their eyes and they realize how widespread it
is."

Although new drugs are helping people with AIDS live longer and healthier,
blacks are more likely to get tested in the late stages of the disease when
treatment is less effective, health educators say.

So learning how to avoid being exposed to the virus and getting tested for it
routinely remain the best defenses against AIDS.

"We want folks to get out and get tested, to know your [HIV/AIDS] status and to
get involved," said Hazel Dean, who heads a new CDC health disparities office
based in Atlanta. "More and more, the face of HIV in America is black."

"We need to reduce the stigma of the disease," she added. "We need people to
speak out about their behaviors."

SisterLove Inc., an Atlanta group that's been devoted to women and AIDS for 15
years, delivers a unique outreach strategy to college sororities, faith-based
groups and other groups who request the seminar. It's called "Healthy Love."

"Women feel safe and comfortable in the environment we create with other women,
so they're more likely to discuss sexuality and their relationships and ask
questions about sexually transmitted diseases," said Dazon Dixon Diallo,
SisterLove founder and president. The group also runs a transitional home for
women with AIDS, and it established a program in South Africa five years ago.

"People in Africa are extremely aware of HIV and AIDS," Dixon Diallo said in a
telephone interview from Johannesburg. "The issue is, there's no resources to
deal with it. In America, we have the resources, but the message still has to
get out there: 'AIDS is not over.' "

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic: AIDS AWARENESS
Today's National Black HIV/AIDS Awareness and Information Day events

* 11 a.m. to 2 p.m.: The Mall West End, 850 Oak Street: AIDS testing and
education

* Noon to 5 p.m.: Main Street Barber Shop, 3260 South Cobb Drive, Smyrna: Men
will receive a $5 haircut discount for getting tested for AIDS.
AIDS education, prevention, testing and social services help:

* AID Atlanta: 404-872-0600

* AID Gwinnett: 770-962-8396

* AIDS Survival Project: 404-874-7926

* National AIDS Education and > Services for Minorities: 404-753-2900

* Our Common Welfare: 404-297-9588

* Outreach Inc.: 404-249-6999

* SisterLove Inc.: 404-753-7733
AIDS testing locations:

* Georgia AIDS information hotline: 1-800-551-2728

* Centers for Disease Control and Prevention: 1-800-342-2437 or see
www.hivtest.org

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             869 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                  November 22, 2001 Thursday N-CHESTER EDITION

Local groups get ready for World AIDS Day

BYLINE: Ericka Bennett INQUIRER SUBURBAN STAFF

SECTION: NEIGHBORS CHESTER; Pg. CC01

LENGTH: 795 words


With World AIDS Day just around the corner, local organizations said they are
hoping that activities they have planned will help put the disease back into
public consciousness.

World AIDS Day - Dec. 1 - began in 1988 after the World Summit of Ministers of
Health Programs for AIDS Prevention. The day was designated to heighten
awareness and open channels of communication about HIV and AIDS.

On and around Dec. 1, dinners, seminars and candlelight vigils are planned
across the region to not only help raise awareness, but to raise money for
research and services for those infected with the diseases.

The activities also are intended as remembrance, said one organizer.

"They are intended to remember those we've lost to AIDS, those friends and
colleagues living with (HIV/AIDS), and to recognize people in the field, working
to make a difference," said Susan Higginbotham, executive director of the AIDS
Fund of Philadelphia, which provides grants to AIDS organizations and works to
keep people informed about the disease. The agency serves the nine-county
Philadelphia area.

The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported that as of December
2000, there were 774,467 AIDS cases reported in the United States. In the
Philadelphia area, Higginbotham said, there are an estimated 30,000 people
living with AIDS. Over the years, she added, it has become more difficult to
bring attention to the epidemic.

"Social causes come and go," she said. "We just want people to know that we're
still needing to raise awareness. . . . Twenty years into dealing with this
epidemic, people don't see it as a crisis anymore."

Dan Daniel, executive director of Chester County AIDS Support Services, said it
had grown harder for his HIV and AIDS organization to raise funds.

"The people who read the grant proposals have seen the same reports all of us
have - that people with HIV/AIDS are living longer and healthier," he said. "And
while they're living longer, for some, they were never in the system where they
had a job and benefits that go along with it."

Recent world events have added an additional crunch to fund-raising, Daniel
said.

"Since the calamity on Sept. 11, now there are much greater, much more pressing
issues for [potential donors] to give money to. We certainly don't begrudge
this; it's just another way things have gotten more difficult," he said.

As numerous planned events prepare to get under way, Daniel's AIDS Support
Services, which provides community outreach and support to people living with
AIDS and their families, has come up with an idea that adds a twist to a
traditional AIDS fund-raising event - Dining Out for Life.

The group is sponsoring Dining In for Life, in which individuals or groups can
host a dinner for friends, at their own cost, and guests will in turn donate to
the organization.

The group suggests that dinners be held around Dec. 1 but gives hosts the
flexibility to plan them between now and mid-January. Proceeds will be used for
general operating expenses and to provide services that may not be covered by
grants, Daniel said.

Some of the other events planned in Philadelphia and around the region include a
memorial-quilt display; a candlelight vigil; an educational seminar and
art-therapy session for children; and free HIV/AIDS testing. Higginbotham said
AIDS-service organizations in Bucks, Chester, Delaware and Montgomery Counties
have arranged to participate in these events.

In Norristown, community educators from the Montgomery County Health Department
will distribute information on HIV and AIDS on Nov. 30, officials said. Earlier
this month, the department made a presentation to Norristown High School
students, officials said.

Ericka Bennett's e-mail address is ebennett@phillynews.com

World AIDS Day Events

Following are some of the events planned to coincide with

the 2001 World AIDS Day celebration. This year's theme is "I care ... Do you?":

Montgomery County Health Department. Distributing information on HIV and AIDS
Nov. 30 at various locations in Norristown. For more information, call
610-278-5117.

The AIDS Fund of Philadelphia. AIDS memorial-quilt display, candlelight vigil,
educational seminar and art-therapy session for children Dec. 1, Philadelphia.
For more information, call 215-731-9255

Chester County AIDS Support Services. Dining In For Life, where residents or
groups can host a dinner for friends, at their own cost. Guests, in turn, will
donate to the organization. The dinners will be held between now and
mid-January. Call 610-466-7848, for more information.

Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania. Offering free confidential HIV
and AIDS tests, in honor of World AIDS Day. For more information, call
215-351-5500.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2001 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             870 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                     February 4, 2001 Sunday Final Edition

AIDS crisis can be tamed: Brazil as a Beacon: Poor nations need no longer watch
helplessly as AIDS destroys their societies. By defying patent laws and making
cheaper copies of brand-name drugs, Brazil has blazed a trail

SOURCE: New York Times Magazine

BYLINE: Tina Rosenberg

SECTION: Sunday Reader; Pg. E5

LENGTH: 2105 words

Someday, we may look back on the year 2001 with nostalgia for a time when AIDS
was merely a health catastrophe.

Soon, AIDS in Africa will be doing more than killing millions every year. It
will destroy what there is of Africa's economy and cause further instability
and, perhaps, war.

Throughout Africa, AIDS has ravaged the young, urban and mobile. It takes the
breadwinner, leaving millions of destitute elderly and orphans who will grow up
without going to school, many on the streets. As they lose their productive
citizens, the nations face collapse.

At the moment, however, AIDS in Africa is only a plague of a severity not seen
since the Black Death killed a third of Europe in the 14th century. A
15-year-old in South Africa today has a better than even chance of dying of
AIDS. One in five adults there is infected with HIV.

Seventeen million have died miserable deaths from AIDS, and that number is
dwarfed by what lies ahead.

While Africa is the region most ravaged, the disease is exploding elsewhere as
well. India's government says the country has four million infected; it may well
have five times that many.

The Caribbean has the second-highest rate of infection after Africa. More than
one in 50 adults is HIV-positive, and because the epidemic is mainly spread
heterosexually there, most of the population is at risk. In Eastern Europe and
the former Soviet Union, the number of infected nearly doubled in the last year.

Until a year ago, the triple therapy that has made AIDS a manageable disease in
wealthy nations was considered realistic only for those who could afford to pay
$15,000 to $22,000 a year or lived in societies that could.

The most that poor countries could hope to do was prevent new cases of AIDS
through education and condom promotion or to cut mother-to-child transmission
and, if they were lucky, treat some AIDS infections with antifungals and other
inexpensive drugs. But the 32.5 million people with HIV in the developing world
had little hope of survival.

This was the conventional wisdom. Today, all of these statements are false.

The Raphael de Paula Souza hospital sits on the outskirts of Rio de Janeiro. It
is a one-storey plaster building with peeling blue paint, palm trees outside and
barefoot boys playing in the parking lot. Nothing in its appearance suggests it
might serve as a model for treating AIDS worldwide.

In any other poor nation, the future of AIDS patients would be achingly
foreseeable. But at Raphael de Paula Souza hospital, each of the patients walks
out with a plastic bag filled with bottles of antiretrovirals -- AZT and ddI and
the protease inhibitors and other components of the triple cocktail that, for
the lucky, turn AIDS into a chronic disease.

Ademildes Navarini, who runs the AIDS clinic, is the happy exception in Third
World medicine, an AIDS doctor who can make her patients healthy again instead
of merely holding their hands and watching them die.

Since 1997, every AIDS patient in Brazil diagnosed as needing it has got, for
free, the same triple cocktails that keep rich North Americans healthy.

Brazil has shredded all the excuses about why poor countries cannot treat AIDS.

On the shaky foundation of its public health service, Brazil built a well-run
network of AIDS clinics. Uneducated people can't stick to the complicated regime
of pills? Brazilian AIDS patients have proved just as able to take their
medicine on time as patients in North America.

Ah, but treating AIDS is too expensive! In fact, Brazil's program almost
certainly pays for itself. It has halved the death rate from AIDS, prevented
hundreds of thousands of new hospitalizations, cut the transmission rate, helped
to stabilize the epidemic and improved the overall state of public health in
Brazil.

Brazil can afford to treat AIDS because it does not pay market prices for
antiretroviral drugs -- the most controversial aspect of the country's plan. In
1998, the government began making copies of brand-name drugs, and the price of
those medicines has fallen by an average of 79 per cent. Brazil now produces
some triple therapy for $4,500 a year and expects to do better, and the price
could potentially drop to $1,000 a year or even less.

Brazil is showing that no one who dies of AIDS dies of natural causes. Those who
die have been failed -- by feckless leaders who see weapons as more alluring
purchases than medicines, by rich countries (notably the U.S.) that have
threatened the livelihood of poor nations who seek to manufacture cheap medicine
and by the multinational drug companies who have kept the price of
antiretroviral drugs out of reach of the vast majority of the world's
population.

But one major reason that only Brazil offers free triple therapy is that, until
now, there was no Brazil to show it is possible. A year and a half ago,
practically nobody was talking about using triple therapy in poor countries.

Today, it is rare to find a meeting of international leaders where this idea is
not discussed. International organizations like the UN AIDS agency, UNAIDS, and
nongovernmental groups like Medecins Sans Frontieres are starting to help
countries try to replicate Brazil's program, and a stream of health officials
from Africa and the rest of Latin America have visited Brazil.

Brazil has offered to transfer all its technology and provide training in
treating patients to any country that wants to make drugs and will supply them
to patients free. Even the drug companies, hoping to head off more damaging
assaults on their patent rights and improve their tattered image, have
acknowledged the need to charge less for their products in poor nations. They
have begun to make limited offers of cheap drugs.

So, the debate about whether poor countries can treat AIDS is over. The question
is how.

Pharmaceutical manufacturers argue many countries are very far from able to run
a program of triple therapy, and they are right. But Brazil shows it can be done
in poor nations. Others can follow if they get substantial international help.

The drug companies are wrong, however, on how to make AIDS drugs affordable.
Their solution -- limited, negotiated price cuts -- is slow, grudging and
piecemeal.

Brazil, by defying the pharmaceutical firms and threatening to break patents,
among other actions, has been able to make drugs affordable to everyone who
needs them. Brazil's experience shows making AIDS drugs available on a large
scale requires something far more radical: an alteration of the basic social
contract the pharmaceutical companies have enjoyed until now.

By the terms of that contract, manufacturers, in return for the risks of
developing costly new drugs, receive a 20-year monopoly to sell them at whatever
prices they choose. The industry has thrived under this contract. And so have
we, the rich.

The system has conquered an unimaginable range of diseases. But for billions of
people around the world, the medicines are still out of reach. Poor countries,
it is now clear, must violate this contract if they are to save their people
from AIDS.

Brazil has been able to treat AIDS because it had the single most important
requirement for doing so: political commitment.

At the beginning of 1999, Brazil's economy was skidding into crisis. President
Fernando Henrique Cardoso was under pressure to cut the budget by abandoning the
AIDS program. But he decided that treating AIDS was a priority.

Such commitment has its roots in the gay community. Although AIDS is now a
disease of the poor in Brazil, the first Brazilians infected were gay men. In a
country famously open about matters sexual, gays were much more activist and
better organized than in most other nations, and AIDS carried less of the stigma
that has elsewhere led people to simply deny its existence.

In addition to passing a law guaranteeing every AIDS patient state-of-the-art
treatment, Brazil carried out an aggressive AIDS prevention program, financed by
the World Bank. Activist groups were the keystone, distributing millions of free
condoms.

The programs have paid off. In 1994, the World Bank estimated that by 2000
Brazil would have 1.2 million HIV-positive people. In fact it had half that
many. The epidemic has stabilized, with some 20,000 new cases each year for the
last three years. The treatment program has cut the AIDS death rate nationally
by about 50 per cent so far, and each AIDS patient is only a quarter as likely
to be hospitalized as before.

At first glance, it would seem that Brazil has several advantages that are hard
to duplicate elsewhere. It has a well-organized network of civic groups, which
were essential to building support for the program, designing it and making it
work. It is also a big country, which allows it to provide a large market for
drugs.

And while Brazil is a poor country, it is a rich poor country. Some countries
will be unable to follow -- they are too corrupt or war-torn or venally governed
or not governed at all.

But millions and millions of AIDS patients live in countries that could emulate
Brazil, although they'd need international help. These include virtually all the
countries of Latin America and Eastern Europe, most of Asia and the former
Soviet Union and at least 10 countries in Africa, maybe more.

So why have other countries not done what Brazil has? One reason is indifferent,
or even hostile, leadership. AIDS carries such a stigma that the response of
some African leaders has been to deny there is a problem. Other governments are
too corrupt or incompetent to organize prevention programs, much less treatment.

But for most countries, even middle-income poor countries, the biggest hurdle is
cost. Whether AIDS treatment eventually pays for itself is irrelevant, since
they cannot afford to get started.

Nowhere are the lost opportunities more tragic than in South Africa. According
to UNAIDS, South Africa has more than four million infected, and the epidemic is
growing geometrically. It is a wealthy country by African standards, with a
relatively good health system and labs that could make generic drugs.

But South Africa has done nothing to treat AIDS. The biggest obstacle is
President Thabo Mbeki, who has inexplicably decided he is not convinced HIV
causes AIDS.

India, the country that likely has the largest epidemic, is another dismaying
example. India does not recognize patents on medicine, and world trade rules do
not require it do so until 2005. Indian firms lead the world in the making of
generic AIDS drugs. But India does not provide its sick with free AIDS
treatment. In fact India seems to have a policy of wishing AIDS would go away.

But treating AIDS is gradually creeping into the realm of the possible for many
countries. AIDS is now bad for business in Africa, usually a prerequisite for
action. African leaders are beginning to hear a clamour for treatment from the
middle class and from the corporations who employ them.

If rich nations and the UN agencies they influence chose to make AIDS treatment
available to every citizen in the most efficient and cost-effective way
possible, the program would look much like UNICEF's global system of
vaccination.

When UNICEF began a campaign to vaccinate the world's children in the early
1980s, many scoffed. But today vaccination rates top 80 per cent, saving three
million lives a year and preventing crippling diseases in tens of millions more.
This is one of the world's most significant public health victories. Who pays to
vaccinate a child in Angola? We do, without much complaint.

Antiretrovirals, of course, do not cost pennies per dose. But they'd be a lot
cheaper if the World Health Organization or UNAIDS used a UNICEF-like system.

In my calculus, applying the UNICEF system to AIDS would cost $4.5 billion a
year in antiretrovirals alone, assuming five million patients at $900 a year.
That's a lot of money. It seems somewhat smaller, however, next to the collapse
of a continent.

Brazil teaches us AIDS can become a manageable disease in the Third World, but
it takes power, in addition to other things. The ability to pull the price of
AIDS drugs within reach of those who need them may someday come from the backing
of some international organization or from wealthy nations like the U.S., but
for now it arises only from the threat to make or buy generic drugs.

AIDS is turning the Third World's human landscape into a parched wasteland.
Brazil has shown that, armed with the power of competition, a government can do
more than sit and watch the desert encroach.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colour Photo: AP; Sister Angela plays with Leandro, an HIV-positive
orphan, at a Catholic Church support house for HIV and AIDS patients in Rio de
Janeiro. Brazil has halved the death rate from AIDS and helped stabilize an
epidemic.

TYPE: News; Statistics

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             871 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 17, 1999, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Shift in Money and Message As Minorities Take On AIDS

BYLINE: By JENNIFER STEINHAUER

SECTION: Section A; Page 1; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1586 words


Just two years ago, when Ravinia Hayes-Cozier walked into a board meeting of
AIDS Action, one of the country's largest AIDS umbrella organizations, she felt
a familiar, sinking feeling. There was only one other African-American in the
room.

"I was scared," acknowledged Ms. Hayes-Cozier, the executive director of the
Harlem Directors Group, a coalition of service organizations for Upper
Manhattan. She wondered if the two together would be able to corral support
during policy discussions about the disease that had ravaged neighborhoods like
hers since 1994.

Since that meeting, much has changed at AIDS Action. Nearly a quarter of its
members represent organizations that cater to minorities, and its board is flush
with black and Latino members.

That changing composition reflects the broad, fundamental shift in the role of
minorities in policy making and fund-raising to fight AIDS across the country.
The executive offices and boards of broad-based AIDS organizations look
increasingly like AIDS Action.

Prominent black organizations like the National Association for the Advancement
of Colored People and traditionally black churches have overcome their
reluctance to take on the issue, recognizing that the illness in the last decade
has claimed more and more of their own. Latino groups have also become more
involved, although their representation on major boards lags behind that of
blacks. And accompanying their interest has been a greater influx of dollars, as
groups have become better versed in fund-raising and as substantially more
federal money has been earmarked for AIDS programs specifically for minority
concerns.

"There has been a major shift in players and priorities at the table on AIDS
policy," said Daniel Zingale, the director of AIDS Action, which is based in
Washington. "There is no question that the changes are in direct response to the
realities of today's epidemic, which is increasingly black, Latino and female."

Of those who died from AIDS in 1998, 49 percent were African-American; that
figure was 29 percent in 1990, according to figures from the Centers for Disease
Control and Prevention. Also in 1998, Hispanics made up 18 percent of deaths
from AIDS.

This vastly changed dynamic is also transforming policy, from the way the
federal government administers money for AIDS treatment to the way that social
service organizations have redistributed their resources.

For instance, while much of the late 1990's focused on new and powerful drug
regimens that have prolonged the lives of many people with AIDS, many of the
African-American and Latino groups have instead directed their focus back to
prevention to try to arrest the devastation of their communities. And the
Medicaid program, the federal insurance program for the poor, has quietly eased
the rules that people must have full-blown AIDS to get benefits.

Last year, at the behest of the Congressional Black Caucus, President Clinton
signed a $156 million bill for AIDS prevention programs specifically geared to
minorities. Next year, the amount will be increased to $245.4 million.

Kweisi Mfume, the president of the N.A.A.C.P., recently took a seat on the board
of the National Black Leadership Commission on AIDS, and his organization has
completed a documentary on AIDS in black America for national television --
something that would have been unheard of under previous leaders.

At the Gay Men's Health Crisis, the oldest and largest AIDS service organization
in the country, the executive director is a Hispanic woman, and her deputy is an
African-American man.

The role of minorities in policy and advocacy has clearly lagged behind the
epidemiological reality of AIDS. In 1999, 54 percent of new cases of H.I.V.
infections occurred among blacks, even though they make up less than 15 percent
of the population, a disparity in place for five years. Significant advocacy
among black religious leaders, traditional black political organizations and
even black members of government was rare.

On one hand, black churches, which tend to be quite conservative, were not
comfortable taking on sexuality and drug use among their parishioners. Some
church leaders were clearly not paying attention to the numbers of those
affected by the disease, public health experts said. Some still were transfixed
on competing urgent issues like poverty and infant mortality.

And many blacks, already distrustful of the public health system, were swayed by
some conspiracy theorists who believed AIDS was created by the government and
would afflict more black residents than other populations.

But the ceaselessness of the disease, both in the United States and in Africa,
has caused many leaders to rethink their positions. And new leadership at
organizations like the N.A.A.C.P. and the move of the Black Caucus ignited the
fire. "I genuinely believe the staggering number of statistics created a
groundswell that forced immediate action," said Representative Jesse Jackson
Jr., a Democrat from Illinois who was directly involved in the legislation to
increase federal money for AIDS programs.

The ascendance of minorities into leadership spots in established AIDS
organizations is clearly more than a token gesture: AIDS service organizations
are increasingly finding that their financing depends on it. The disease control
centers now requires states that apply for AIDS money to create programs geared
to populations in which the disease is most prevalent.

In 1998, 29 percent of C.D.C. money for AIDS counseling and testing went to
programs for African-Americans; in 1997, the number was 23 percent, said Dr.
Helene Gayle, the director of the agency's H.I.V. prevention unit. "This is a
fairly substantial increase," Dr. Gayle said. "We expect to continue to see
those kind of shifts."

Many states and cities are also trying to adjust budgets so that minority
programs get bigger slices of the money pie. New York's AIDS Advisory Council is
recommending that its AIDS money be reshuffled so that more goes to programs for
blacks and Latinos. In Los Angeles, which declared a state of emergency two
months ago regarding the rising cases of AIDS among minorities, the county
earmarked an additional $1.2 million to respond to the epidemic.

On the flip side, black and Latino groups argue, education and prevention
programs tend to be more astute when they are run by members of the same
communities as those served. Until recently, they said, benefactors pressured
them to replicate outreach strategies that had been effective among the
well-mobilized gay groups during earlier stages of the epidemic.

"It just didn't make sense," said Ms. Hayes-Cozier of the Harlem group. "You
aren't going to find black women in bars or bath houses. You have to look in
laundromats and beauty parlors."

Further, African-Americans who work to fight AIDS believe that they have learned
through their own experiences in the church how to better recruit religious
leaders to get on board with their programs.

"When we talk about AIDS prevention to black churches," said Deborah Levine, the
vice president of health and wellness strategies for Harlem Congregations for
Community Improvement, a religious consortium, "we have conversations that
address their belief system. If they are comfortable talking about abstinence,
we talk about that. We might not use explicit pictures. You use language people
are comfortable with. "

And slowly but surely, more and more black religious groups have brought AIDS to
the pulpit. At the Church of Covenant Missionary Baptist Church in Rochester,
there is an AIDS outreach program and a support group that meets six times a
week. "Five years ago, this was not something that was supported by local
congregations," said the Rev. Willie Davis, the church's pastor.

Church groups, still the slowest to come around, have also been struck by the
math, many experts said. "You do have some members of the clergy who are still
troubled by the gay issue," said Philip Hilton, a vice president of the Black
Leadership Commission on AIDS. "But many more are seeing this as administering
to the needs to their people. People dying of AIDS now are members of their
choir."

Latinos, whose representation has also grown among mainstream AIDS groups, have
been slower to mobilize, many experts said. In large part, this is because they
are less homogenous as a group, with allegiances to those from the same country
rather than others who simply share their language.

"The Congressional Hispanic caucus has been slower to respond," said Dennis
DeLeon, president of the Latino Commission on AIDS. "The disease started with
homosexuals and drug users, and that was difficult for Latinos to deal with," he
added. "It was difficult to find leadership to embrace those two communities."

Political empowerment is almost certain to continue to change the flow of the
dollars, experts on AIDS policy say. Representative Jackson said 40 percent of
the new federal money is for first-time recipients of grants.And minority AIDS
organizations that once centered on support groups and condom distribution have
now turned some of their attention to politics and fund-raising.

"We have gotten much more involved in issues of service allocation and money in
last few years," said Michael Saunders, the director of education and support
for Gay Men of African Descent, a New York group. "It has become more important
to make people aware that we were not getting our fair share."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The Harlem Directors Group, a coalition of service organizations
for Upper Manhattan, holding a training session to teach people how to educate
community members about the risks of AIDS. (Ruby Washington/The New York
Times)(pg. B6)

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                             872 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   February 28, 1998, Saturday, Final Edition

Spiritual Assault On the AIDS Crisis; Activists Urge Black Churches to Join
Fight

Bill Broadway, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B08; RELIGION

LENGTH: 1251 words


The impact of AIDS on the African American community has been severe and its
devastating potential too often unrecognized, say religious leaders who want
churches to take more responsibility for combating the disease.

Although African Americans make up 12 percent of the U.S. population, more than
40 percent of AIDS cases diagnosed in the last year involve black Americans,
according to the Harvard AIDS Institute. That figure is expected to rise to 60
percent by 2005.

The AIDS risk is even greater for African American women. Blacks account for
two-thirds of the reported cases of women with HIV, the virus that causes AIDS,
and by 2000, an African American woman will be nearly 20 times more likely to
have AIDS than a non-African American woman.

The AIDS "epidemic is totally out of control in the African American community,"
said Pernessa C. Seele, founder and chief executive of Balm in Gilead, a
national organization that believes churches are the key to slowing the progress
of the disease in the black community.

Historically, the black church has been the place to disseminate information in
the black community, said Seele, who noted that 80 percent of African Americans
belong to a church. "To save the community, we have to go through the church."

But black churches have been among the slowest institutions to address the AIDS
crisis or even to acknowledge that the disease in the United States has moved
beyond the gay white community and into the black community, said Seele, a
consultant to the Columbia University School of Public Health and an adjunct
professor at New York Theological Seminary.

Sometimes churches ignore the extent of the problem or push away members who
contract the virus, she said. "Too often, black people with AIDS are ostracized
by their churches."

"People just haven't wanted to deal with this issue," said the Rev. Ben Jones,
minister for outreach and missions at New Psalmist Baptist Church in Baltimore.
AIDS "is a frightening, ugly, shameful disease."

Some church members, he said, have the misconception that they will contract HIV
by visiting AIDS victims. Some fear they will be suspected of being infected if
they support an AIDS ministry. And others, including some pastors, believe that
AIDS patients are "suffering for their sins and they are not going to get in
God's way of disciplining them," Jones said.

But attitudes have begun to change as more people learn about AIDS and how it is
transmitted. On a spiritual level, Jones said, people need to ask about victims
of HIV/AIDS: "Are they different from us? Is their sin any worse than ours?"

The church may not be able to defeat the disease. But offering forgiveness and
understanding can reduce the stress of guilt and shame that often accompanies
AIDS and adds to the physical and emotional pain, he said.

Last year, Jones received a grant from the Baltimore City Health Department to
develop a curriculum to train HIV/AIDS volunteers and to offer training for
other churches. Three of 10 churches he worked with have begun an AIDS ministry.

His own church, Psalmist Baptist, recently started a weekly AIDS support group
and set up a dollhouse with faceless figures in every room to show how any
family member is at risk. Inside the front door is a small sign that reads, "Oh,
my God, someone in my house has AIDS." Beside the house are brochures and blank
forms for anonymous prayer requests.

A new Psalmist display, called "Stop Clowning Around," opens today. It features
a toy train and animal scene with a clown dangling overhead and is geared toward
teenagers.

"We want them to learn about AIDS so they won't become victims," Jones said.
Among other information, the display will tell young people how HIV is
transmitted through heterosexual as well as homosexual encounters and how to
prevent it from happening to them.

The new exhibition is part of the church's participation in Balm in Gilead's
annual Black Church Week of Prayer for the Healing of AIDS. The national program
begins tomorrow and will be held in more than 800 "partner" churches in 19
cities.

Seele, who started Balm in Gilead in 1989 to distribute "spiritually and
culturally appropriate" HIV/AIDS materials to black congregations, said that no
D.C. churches are part of the prayer week.

But two -- Metropolitan Baptist Church, under the Rev. Beecher Hicks Jr., and
Bishop George Augustus Stallings Jr.'s Imani Temple -- have provided financial
support or participated in conferences held by her organization.

These and other black churches in the District have developed independent AIDS
ministries in the last decade.

One of the most prominent is at Greater Mount Calvary Holy Church in Northeast
Washington, started in 1991 by the Revs. Alfred and Susie Owens after more than
a dozen of the church's 2,500 members died of AIDS-related complications.

The first director was the Rev. Aundrea Scott, a well-known education advocate
and activist who died in 1994 of AIDS complications.

Nathalie Bloodworth, director for the last two years, said that about 30 Mount
Calvary members participate in a ministry that includes visiting AIDS patients
at home or in the hospital, providing meals and transportation, counseling and
making referrals for testing.

"Intercessors" pray regularly for each of the 10 HIV/AIDS patients in the
program, and once every three months the church holds a "powerful prayer
service" for patients and their families and friends, congregational caregivers
and anyone else who wants to attend, she said.

Other predominantly black D.C. churches with AIDS ministries include Carolina
Missionary Baptist Church, St. Augustine Catholic Church, Young's Memorial
Church of Christ Holiness and Union Temple Baptist Church. Washington also is
home to the AIDS National Interfaith Network.

Jones tells his trainees from other churches that not every congregation can or
should try to offer an expansive program of AIDS education and services.

But each can provide educational materials and start a weekly support group. And
pastors can "acknowledge openly in sermons and prayers that people have this
disease and ask the congregation to be in prayer for them."

If any pastor questions the pervasiveness of AIDS in the African American
community, all he or she has to do is ask the congregation on Sunday morning to
raise their hands if they know anyone, family member or friend, who has been
found to be HIV-positive, Jones said.

Psalmist's pastor, the Rev. Walter Thomas, ran the question by his congregation
a few weeks ago, Jones said. More than one-third of the worshipers put up their
hands.

AIDS AND AFRICAN AMERICANS

AIDS is the leading cause of death for African Americans younger than 55, before
heart disease, cancer and homicide.

300,000 to 500,000 African Americans are infected with HIV.

African American teenage girls account for two-thirds of all female AIDS cases
among 13- to 19-year-olds.

More African American children are infected with HIV than are children of all
other races and ethnic groups in the United States combined.

In 1996, when AIDS deaths in the United States declined for the first year since
the disease was identified in 1981, the decline among whites was 21 percent, or
10 times greater than the 2 percent decline reported among blacks.

By 2005, African Americans will account for an estimated 60 percent of all AIDS
cases in the United States.

Source: Harvard AIDS Institute


LOAD-DATE: February 28, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, tom allen; Photo, steve sherman; Photo, A small clown is part of
a New Psalmist Baptist Church exhibit, "Stop Clowning Around," which targets
teenagers. The display opens today.  "To save the community, we have to go
through the church," said Pernessa C. Seele, of Balm in Gilead.  "People just
haven't wanted to deal with this issue," said the Rev. Ben Jones, minister for
outreach and missions at New Psalmist Baptist Church in Baltimore.

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                             873 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                                December 4, 1996

Call to recognise threat posed by AIDS

BYLINE: By Zainul Ariffin in New York

SECTION: World news; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 867 words


THE United Nations observed World AIDS Day on Monday under the theme "One
World One Hope", with speaker after speaker calling for more recognition
and less denial of the disease as a significant step towards addressing
the crisis.

Developing countries especially must realise their susceptibility and
should "squarely recognise the magnitude of the problem before them". The
attitude of their Governments and citizens must be changed and they must
accept the fact that HIV/AIDS was not something prevalent in the West.

Statistics showed that of the 21 million people with HIV/AIDS, 90 per
cent lived in the developing world.

The president of the General Assembly Tan Sri Razali Ismail said
countries should not understate the crisis. One of the best weapons
against the disease, sexual education, should not be hampered by quasi-
religious and cultural mindsets.

There should be understanding and compassion for victims, and they
should not be discriminated against, rejected or marginalised and isolated
into a world dominated by pain, chronic illness and impending mortality.

Razali said while there now existed treatments that could arrest the
AIDS virus, the cost was prohibitive. Only the high-income group could
benefit, thus widening further the inequalities of access to healthcare
for infected persons, both within and between countries. Care cost that
could be as high as US$20,000 (RM50,000) cannot compare with the paltry
US$10 spent by some sub-Saharan African nations on public health services
per person per year.

"It is imperative that the international community redress the inequity
of responses to AIDS, by ensuring that the concentration of resources in
developed countries does not skew research and other HIV-related agendas
in the direction of privileged groups, and away from the disenfranchised,
the voiceless, and the less-informed."

United Nations Secretary-General Boutros Boutros-Ghali said the
challenge of World AIDS Day is to translate understanding and awareness of
HIV/AIDS into positive action and a more effective and co-ordinated public
policy response around the world.

"No country or region is immune. Today, some 21 million people are
living with HIV/AIDS, while the total number of worldwide AIDS-related
deaths has reached six million.

"These are appalling statistics, but there is nothing inevitable about
the global spread of HIV."

The Joint United Nations Programme on AIDS launched on Jan 1 marked an
important step forward in the global fight against HIV/AIDS. The programme
in partnerships with member states, is working to promote greater co-
operation and co-ordination in the field, and to develop new policy
initiatives and mobilise new resources at the global, regional and country
levels.

There were also a number of speakers at the general assembly hall
including Marina Mahathir from Malaysia, the president of the Malaysian
AIDS Council and chairman of the Malaysian AIDS Foundation; and actress
Elizabeth Taylor, the founding national chairman of the American
Foundation for AIDS Research.

Marina said while economic development in Asia is at a pace unmatched by
anywhere else in the world, it was being threatened by the spread of
HIV/AIDS.

Although the epidemic was late in coming to Asia, already South Asia and
Southeast Asia now have the largest number of people with HIV/AIDS, about
5.2 million. India alone had more people with HIV/AIDS than any country in
the world. Out of these 30 per cent were women.

"These numbers are rising meteorically and if nothing is done, they will
outstrip the epidemic in any other part of the world and the economic
gains that have been made will come to nought."

"Denial by many countries in the region that HIV/AIDS could ever happen
to them played a large part in the spread of the disease. The lack of
knowledge about HIV/AIDS and the reluctance in learning the lessons of
others is contributing to the suffering of many Asian populations,
especially those most disadvantaged by poverty and the lack of status and
voice," she said.

"People are dying quicker than they need to because some Governments are
just unwilling to face the truth, and are not pushing for the best
treatment to be readily available and accessible."

She said AIDS was also no longer a health issue, but was becoming a
"developmental issue".

"We in Asia must dispel the myth that AIDS is the result of Western
ideas, norms and values. To say this is to deny responsibility for a
problem of our making," Marina said.

Taylor, who had established the Elizabeth Taylor AIDS Foundation to fund
organisations that provided assistance to people with AIDS, said talents
in research and medical science must be pooled to find a solution to the
crisis.

"The development of a vaccine as an urgent priority," she said, but
added that so far, less than US$130 million was spent on AIDS-related
research and that the developed countries had the moral obligation to lead
in the work.

World AIDS Day was established on Dec 1, 1988 by the World Health
Organisation, and its observance is mandated by a UN General Assembly
resolution.


LOAD-DATE: March 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture - Uniting to fight the aids scourge ... Taylor meeting
Boutros-Ghali before giving a speech in the UN General Assembly Hall on Monday,
on behalf of the American Foundation for AIDS Research during an observance of
World AIDS Day. Taylor is the founding national chairman of AmFar and a
dedicated AIDS activist.

            Copyright 1996 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                             874 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Daily Mail (London)

                             April 27, 1992, Monday

AIDS war of words;
SCIENTISTS CLASH OVER THE HIV CONNECTION WITH KILLER DISEASE

BYLINE: Jenny Hope

SECTION: Pg. 13

LENGTH: 747 words


Medical Correspondent

THE medical world is facing growing controversy over the causes of AIDS.

The man who discovered the HIV virus in 1983, Professor Luc Montagnier, is
claiming that it is possible to develop AIDS without being infected by the
virus.

He is among a small group of scientists preparing to pursue the issue at a
conference in Amsterdam next month.

But the National Aids Trust and the Aids Counselling and Education Trust
describe their theories as 'misleading and eccentric'.

M. Montagnier, now director of cancer research at the Institut Pasteur in Paris,
does not entirely dismiss a link between AIDS and the HIV virus.

'There is a very strong case that HIV has something to do with AIDS,' he says.
'Without it, I don't think we would have AIDS epidemics. There are obvious cases
of transmission of AIDS from one person to another where HIV was the only risk
factor.'

However, he claims that some people develop the symptoms of AIDS without having
the virus, and that the virus may stay dormant in some people.

His theory is that HIV triggers changes in the body which may subsequently lead
to AIDS when other 'co-factors' are present.

It sparks a process in which some of the immune cells, which are the first line
of defence against disease, become wrongly 'programmed', he says.  Instead of
attacking invaders, they self-destruct.

Another critic of conventional research, Professor Peter Duesberg from
California, claims that the HIV virus is harmless. He believes that risk factors
in the lives of many AIDS patients, such as drug abuse and sexual behaviour,
have exposed them to a wide range of microbes which are damaging their health.

But last night Dr Patrick Dixon of ACET warned: 'These cranky theories will cost
lives. Every time the link between HIV and AIDS is questioned by scientific
eccentrics it undermines everything being fought for in the health campaign.

'People desperately want to believe that HIV is a 'safe' virus, because
12million people are infected already, but this kind of speculation does
terrible damage and undermines our efforts to tell young people about the
dangers posed by the biggest threat to public health this century.'

The National Aids Trust said: 'The evidence so far suggests that people who are
diagnosed as HIV positive will get AIDS. Anybody who suggests that people with
certain lifestyles are more at risk of getting AIDS than others is profoundly
mistaken. Increasingly those who are found to have AIDS lead heterosexual,
drug-free lives.'

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Pioneer: Montagnier

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 1992 Associated Newspapers Ltd.


                             875 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 12, 1991, Saturday, Final Edition

'Alarmism' at AID

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE A24; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 522 words


The Post's Sept. 26 editorial "Getting Aid to AID" is correct in stating "that
there is a disturbing quality to life at AID that obviously distracts from the
agency's mission" and that employee morale and AID's image and credibility are
taking a beating. It is true that a minuscule number of AID officers have abused
their public trust, and we deplore this most emphatically. In fact, AID
employees have brought most of the cases of employee misconduct to the inspector
general's attention.

AID Counselor Kenneth Sherper is correct. His analysis of the inspector
general's statistics on AID employee misconduct is a careful and accurate one.
He concludes that AID's inspector general office, under the direction of Herbert
Beckington, has painted alarmist and sensational pictures based on erroneous and
misleading presentation of the facts. This does not surprise AID employees who
have had close contact with the inspector general and his office.

It will be tempting for the present AID administrator, Ronald Roskens, to say,
"This didn't happen on my watch," or "We are improving systems with a
reorganization." Such a response would be unfortunate: It would not only
constitute unmerited criticism of respected former AID administrators, such as
Peter McPherson and the late Alan Woods, but would also lend undue credence to
the distorted picture that Mr. Beckington paints of AID and its employees.

It is the inspector general who has had a free hand, congressional support and
an ever larger share of AID resources to "clean up" AID. In fact, the inspector
general has not had much success. The facts are that the number of
administrative misconduct actions has decreased by more than 50 percent since
1987 and that the modest rate of proven criminal misconduct by AID employees is
not very different from that of other foreign affairs agencies, even though
these have far fewer funds to manage.

Has Mr. Beckington lost perspective? Is he purposefully twisting the facts to
justify his large staff and budgets? Who polices the inspector general's office?
Shouldn't Congress ask the GAO or other investigators to review the inspector
general's operations? Like all public employees, shouldn't the inspector general
and his staff be held accountable for their actions?

AID's development mission is difficult, complex and little understood by the
public, but brings important political and economic benefits to the United
States. There are problems at AID, not the least of which is that it has so many
mandates and masters, coupled with merciless overseas staffing cuts. But it is
not clear, as The Post's editorial concludes, that AID's image problem will end
only if senior management moves decisively to address those "problems that
everyone agrees exist." Mr. Beckington is part of AID's problem -- a part that
Dr. Roskens cannot resolve.

All AID employees recognize the legitimate role of an inspector general. But we
don't want to have to defend ourselves against unwarranted smears. We have
important work to do.

PRISCILLA DEL BOSQUE Vice President for AID American Foreign Service Association
Washington

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                             876 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           December 1, 1990 Saturday

CAUSE AND EFFECT   Shrounded paintings and emply frames mark Day Without Art, a
time   of mourning and AIDS awareness across North America

BYLINE: ISABEL VINCENT; GAM

LENGTH: 1074 words


BY ISABEL VINCENT
The Globe and Mail
TODAY'S opening of a group show at the Diane Farris Gallery in Vancouver
promises to be a sombre occasion. The usual cocktail banter about the
latest trends in contemporary art might well give way to sober reflection
when the gallery staff swathes selected works in yards of black cloth.

At the Art Gallery of Hamilton, the staff plans to construct a 5-by-4-
foot, empty black frame which, according to one official, is supposed "to
symbolize the work that might have existed but won't."

At Gallery Moos in Toronto, a print by the late New York artist, Keith
Haring, will be hidden under a shroud.

In New York, the Manhattan skyline will go dark for 15 minutes this
evening. For the first time in the city's history, everything from the
George Washington Bridge to the Empire State Building, the Trump Tower,
the World Trade Centre and the United Nations building will turn off their
decorative lighting in "memory of the tragic losses due to the AIDS
crisis."

Across Canada and the United States, the arts community is marking an
official day of mourning and remembrance for their friends and colleagues
who have died of AIDS. Dubbed "Day without Art," this continent-wide AIDS
awareness campaign coincides with the World Health Organization's third
annual AIDS Day and has been organized "to encourage action to cure and
care for all people with AIDS."

In addition to special installations, many galleries and performing
arts organizations will also be providing information about the disease.
The Hamilton Philharmonic will provide an AIDS Network information table
in the lobby of the Great Hall in Hamilton Place, and the MacDonald
Stewart Art Gallery in Guelph will feature a special AIDS poster display.

Organized last year by Visual AIDS, a New-York-based AIDS awareness
group, the event is being observed for the first time in Canada today. A
handful of Canadian volunteers working on a shoestring budget have spent
the last several months convincing arts organizations across the country
to participate. But due to limited resources and the lack of awareness of
the event in Canada, Day Without Art is largely restricted to the visual
arts community although some theatre and dance companies may participate.

Although more than 50 visual arts institutions across the country have
co-operated, organizers of the event say they faced many obstacles. For
instance, some arts organizations did not want to participate for fear of
being stigmatized as "gay" or "plagued by AIDS" if some of their members
recently died of the disease, said Sam Mancina, Day Without Art's Canadian
co-ordinator.

While research shows that more women are afflicted with the disease -
WHO estimates that more than one-third of the world's AIDS sufferers are
women and has devoted this year's AIDS Day to the problems faced by women
living with AIDS - the popular consensus remains that AIDS is "a gay
plague." Mancina said that, even among artists (a group that has
traditionally been outspoken), there are few willing to endure the social
and psychological trauma of admitting publicly that they have AIDS.

"In talking to people across Canada, we have found a real problem. AIDS
is still perceived as a disease of homosexuals and, of course, the
perception is that art is rife with them. One of these days, we'll have to
have a day without academics or bankers to drive the point home," said
Claire Loughheed, program co-ordinator for Day Without Art Canada.

For these reasons, it is difficult to ascertain just how many Canadian
artists have died of AIDS-related causes. According to the Federal Centre
for AIDS, there are 2,889 reported AIDS cases in Canada and, as of last
year, an estimated 30,000 to 50,000 people had been infected with the HIV
virus, but there are no statistics for artists.

Members of the arts community say the disease, which is hitting mostly
men between the ages of 25 and 45, is striking at the heart of the
artistic movement in much the same way that the First World War virtually
wiped out a generation of the best and the brightest. Canadian visual
artists Michael Bidner, Nelson Carry, Louis Comtois, Tim Jocelyn, Cecil
Youngfox and Allan Falconer; actor"impersonator Craig Russell;
choreographers Constantin Patsalas and Rene Highway; and director John
Hirsch are just a handful of the artists who have recently died of AIDS-
related illnesses.

"It's amazing. I've been to more funerals than my parents have," said
Toronto writer and AIDS activist Bill Hurst. "AIDS has hit the arts
community very deeply because it's the one community that has been
traditionally more accepting of alternate lifestyles. There's less stigma,
although some groups still won't talk about it."

The 40-year-old Hurst said his partner, a dancer and choreographer who
had worked with the Alvin Ailey dance troupe, died of AIDS more than five
years ago, months before drugs were licenced for the treatment of the
disease. He says the perception fostered by many, including some Toronto-
based AIDS awareness groups, is "on dying well" instead of helping
Canadians who are living with the disease. "There's this patronizing
attitude going around that death should be somehow ennobling. But you've
got to realize that there's no such thing as a good death and it's about
time some AIDS groups stopped going out like missionaries among the
lepers."

Margaret Estok agrees. Her husband, Michael, a writer, died of AIDS
last year. When Estok found out he had AIDS, he started writing a book of
poetry, A Plague Year Journal, which links the social trauma and pain of
the disease to the medieval plague.

"He took the metaphor of AIDS to embrace world famine, the Holocaust
and our total disregard for our natural environment," said Estok, a
librarian and writer from Nova Scotia who is travelling across Canada to
promote her husband's work. In Toronto for Day Without Art, Estok admitted
she got very nervous when her husband started working on the book. "When
he was looking for a publisher, I hoped no one would take it. I didn't
want anyone to know he had AIDS. But I grew from that experience and it
was a great moral victory."

It's precisely for this reason - to raise awareness and help people
deal with AIDS - that museums and galleries across the country have
answered the call.

"We desperately need to hear more about it and everybody has to do
something," said Farris, who will donate to a Vancouver AIDS group 5 per
cent of today's sales. "This disease is everybody's problem and nobody's
immune any more."

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1990 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             877 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                       July 9, 1989, Sunday, City Edition

AIDS touches a growing number of elderly in U.S.

BYLINE: LAURA GRIFFIN

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 2165 words



Of all the things that could be bothering Florence Pearce right now,    her
hairdresser's tardiness has put her in a panic. She wants to look    her best
for a visitor. The 87-year-old woman hasn't had much company    since learning
she has the AIDS virus.

     Now, finally glorying in some attention, her hair is a mess. "I've    been
waiting two hours," she said, patting her white hair down. "I    cannot believe
this." Mrs. Pearce looks like a typical grandmother,    and until December, she
was happy being just that.

     "There I am, living quite happily, and one morning I get a letter    that
says they checked the records and it seems I was given blood from    someone who
had AIDS," said Mrs. Pearce, who until recently lived in    New Port Richey. "As
you can imagine, it put me in a tizzy straight    away."

     In one sense, she has a lot of company these days.

     The staggering advance of AIDS is infecting a segment of the    population
once thought to be largely outside its deadly reach: the    elderly.

     In fact, AIDS has been diagnosed in more people age 50 and older    than in
those 24 and younger. Moreover, 10 percent of all the AIDS    cases in the
United States involve people 50 and older. Like others,    they get the disease
through blood transfusions, sexual contact and    intravenous drug use.

     But amid all the attention over AIDS victims, the elderly have been
largely ignored.

     The reason, some AIDS workers and experts say, is that the medical
community, and society in general, routinely place more emphasis on    solving
medical problems of the young, rather than those of people in    the dusk of
their lives.

     "There's that element that says, 'they're elderly anyway,"' says    DeAnna
Elliott, who works with AIDS patients in a Tampa group home.    "The elderly are
highly ignored in this."

     In fact, Mrs. Pearce doesn't fall into AIDS statistics yet. Her    blood is
HIV-positive, meaning she carries the AIDS virus, but she is    still free of
the disease itself. And the numbers don't include    HIV-positive patients.

     "When I found out, I said 'AIDS? Me? Where could I get AIDS    from?"' she
said. "I felt like I was the only person in New Port    Richey with it."

     Mrs. Pearce's blood was contaminated by a transfusion eight years    ago
during heart surgery. Within weeks of her diagnosis, Mrs. Pearce    blacked out
while driving. Because doctors didn't want her staying    alone, they admitted
her to TLC Nursing Home, the only nursing home in    St. Petersburg with a ward
for patients with acquired immune deficiency    syndrome.

     Several months went by before she had a single visitor.

     "My daughter's family has cut me off. They don't phone. They don't    send
a message. They don't send a card. Nothing," she said. "My    son-in-law came
one time and stayed 10 minutes. He couldn't have gotten    farther away from me
if he tried."

 'Going to get worse'

   Even in the media's barrage on AIDS, little work has featured the    elderly.

 The focus has been on the young and middle-aged.

     The elderly already have lived a life, and the death of a young    person
is considered more compelling.

     But, indeed, the number of AIDS cases involving the elderly is just    as
compelling.

     In cases reported to the national Centers for Disease Control (CDC)    as
of May 31, 9,940 Americans older than 50 have AIDS, with 1,439 of    those older
than 65.

     When the CDC began keeping track of cases in 1981, only 13 people    over
50 reported having AIDS.

     "I think there are far more elderly with AIDS than anyone knows.

 And there are not many, if any, support systems for them," said Ms.    Elliott,
operator of Palma Ceia ACLF, the only adult congregate living    facility in
Hillsborough that accepts people with AIDS.

     "This problem is only going to get worse."

     For two reasons, the CDC statistics on AIDS among the elderly    probably
understate the case: First, the elderly don't think of    themselves as at risk
and, therefore, don't get tested; second, doctors    seldom associate AIDS with
older patients, so they don't test them.

     Hence, AIDS among the elderly has been underreported and    underdiagnosed.


     "The elderly patient, as well as the physician, is less likely to
suspect AIDS," said the CDC's Dr. Richard Selik, who is writing an    article
about AIDS cases among the elderly. "One message to physicians    is that they
should be more aware of AIDS and consider it among their    diagnoses in dealing
with the elderly person."

 'Moral hangups'

   Dr. Jeffrey Nadler, chief of infectious diseases at Bay Pines VA    Hospital
in St. Petersburg, has seen a few cases of AIDS among his    elderly patients.

     Among the patients are a 68-year-old drug addict and a homosexual    man in
his 60s. But few of his patients were exposed to the disease    through
transfusions, even though statistics indicate many elderly    people get the
disease through blood exchange.

     Because of inadequate case histories, he said, some AIDS patients    are
filed under "blood transfusion" when the patients actually may    have been
exposed through sex or drug use.

     "It's difficult to ask a 70-year-old woman who resembles my    grandmother
for information about her sexual activity," he said. "But    we have to."

     Nadler's research indicates that the elderly smoke marijuana, snort
cocaine and take drugs intravenously. They also have sex.

     In fact, Nadler said, he recently treated an 80-year-old abuser of
intravenous drugs and a 96-year-old woman with syphilis.

     "People are sexually active whether we like it or not," he said.    "As a
medical profession, we have to get beyond some of our own moral    hangups."

 Reaching out

   In December, about the same time Mrs. Pearce learned she had the    AIDS
virus, a group of elderly gays in New York City began noticing a    disturbing
trend.

     At least half of the referrals to Senior Action in a Gay    Environment
(SAGE) were for elderly AIDS patients needing support    groups, medical
treatment, in-home care or a friend.

     "At first I was referring them to groups that deal with AIDS,"    said
Arlene Kochman, assistant director for services. "Then people    were saying
they didn't feel comfortable with all the younger people at    the groups
because the focus was on the younger people.

     "There seemed to be a feeling that the elderly have already had a    life
and they did not experience a feeling from people about how awful    this is."

     During the last six months, SAGE developed the nation's first    program
for AIDS and the elderly, which focuses on the feelings and    medical problems
of that group: For elderly homosexuals, it's a fear of    being discovered. For
elderly heterosexuals, it's the stigma that AIDS    is a gay person's disease.

     "Most of the gays that age have been closeted all their lives.

 There's no sense of pride of who they are," Ms. Kochman said. "They    lived
through a time when homosexuality was an illness or meant you    were crazy, and
AIDS seems to reinforce that, sending them into a more    severe blue-funk
depression."

     One important component of the program is educating elderly people    about
issues that younger generations have been bombarded with for the    last few
years through public awareness campaigns.

     Apparently the elderly weren't listening.

     "Older people are not practicing safer sex as widely as younger
              people because they think it's a younger person's disease," said
SAGE    development director Michael Rohrer. "We were shocked to find out that
    no one has reached out to these people."

     Another reason SAGE decided to create a program now, Rohrer said,    is
because the New York Health Department predicts that by 1992, 6,000    elderly
people in New York City will have AIDS.

     "It's time."

 'What can I do?'

   Ellis Williams, 61, learned last year that he had the AIDS virus.

 Since then, he's been "racking my brain trying to figure out where I    got
it."

     He says he was never involved in drugs or homosexual affairs. "I    didn't
even run around," the Fort Myers man said.

     He never had a blood transfusion and doubts that he could have
contracted it from his wife, from whom he separated almost six years    ago.

     Williams never heard much about "this thing called AIDS" before    doctors
told him he had a virus in his blood. He can't read and he    never paid much
attention to what seemed to him a homosexual disease.

     Though he knows it's fatal and he has pneumonia - a disease that
commonly strikes AIDS victims - Williams is not worried about his    future.

     "I can take care of myself. I ain't no cripple yet," he said from    his
hospital bed at St. Anthony's Hospital in St. Petersburg. "I ain't    been
frightened about it - I just don't ever think about it."

 A shortage of help

   Denial and ignorance play a major role in the increasing number of    AIDS
cases involving the elderly.

     "Nobody seems to be checking - nursing homes don't even ask the    simplest
of questions to find out because they don't want to know it,"    says DeAnna
Elliott, the Tampa ACLF operator. "Plus, there's that    little element that
says 'they're elderly anyway - how much are you    willing to spend on a
90-year-old with AIDS?"'        Some elderly residents with AIDS are feeling
that discrimination.

     Florida alone has 847 reported cases of elderly people with AIDS.

 And even here, where much of the population is over 50, it's difficult    to
find help.

     "There's nothing here," Ms. Elliott said. "There's so much
discrimination against the elderly as it is. For them to admit they    have AIDS
is scary because they know it's going to make it worse."

     Almost a year after 67-year-old Reinardo Aquia learned his blood    was
HIV-positive, he wanted to find a home.

     He had been staying in TLC Nursing Home in St. Petersburg, and once    he
got strong enough, he began looking for a place that had a room and    was
willing to take AIDS patients.

     It was a tough search.

     "When I told the (social worker) I have that disease, she say I    don't
have a chance of getting a place," he said. "People will be too    scared of
me."

     Every time he talks about AIDS he has to remove his glasses and    wipe the
tears from his face. He admits he has not handled it well.

     "But what can I do?" said Aquia, who recently moved to Miami. "I    don't
know."

     Like Mrs. Pearce, Aquia learned that he got AIDS from a blood
transfusion he had in 1984, a year before health officials started    screening
the nation's blood supply.

     Aquia was shot in Miami during an armed robbery. During the    operation,
he received 10 pints of blood, one of which was contaminated    with AIDS.

     "I never heard anything about this before. I don't even ever see    anybody
with this before," Aquia said. "How can I, at my age, get    this thing? I was
never suffering in my life. Now sometimes I feel bad    and weak. Now I can't do
things. I just have the memories of my life to    think about."

     Health officials predict that, sometime after 1995, the numbers of    AIDS
cases acquired by transfusions will dramatically decrease.

     But the problem of AIDS among the elderly is not going to go away.

     "When it comes to losing your life," said Ms. Kochman of New York    AIDS
program, "everyone deserves attention. Everyone has a right to    life, no
matter how old they are."

 AIDS cases by age    Here is a breakdown of AIDS cases by age groups, as of May
31,    according to the Centers for Disease Control.

 under 5        1,343    5-12             289    13-19            381    20-24
          4,259    25-29         15,731    30-34         23,889    35-39
         20,954    40-44         13,044    45-49          7,363    50-54
          4,279    55-59          2,741    60-64          1,481    65-older
       1,439    Total         97,193

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO; BLACK AND WHITE CHART; FLORENCE PEARCE; REINARDO AQUIA;
chart breaking down AIDS cases by age groups

                            Times Publishing Company


                             878 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                             April 24, 1989 Monday

DOCTORS SUPPORT AIDS TEST ON ALL SURGERY PATIENTS

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: DOUGHTY J

LENGTH: 365 words


Doctors support AIDS test on all surgery patients By JANE DOUGHTY THE State
branch of the Australian Medical Association has backed a national AMA bid to
AIDS-test all patients undergoing surgery. The State president, Dr John Herron,
said yesterday that all doctors, especially surgeons, had the right to insist
their patients were tested for Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome. He said
tests would be in the patients' interests because anyone who had category-one
AIDS had a lowered resistance to infection and would be at risk undergoing major
surgery. ""Contrary to what the AIDS Council has said, we're now saying that
doctors do have the right to insist on AIDS tests before any surgery which has
the possibility of blood being spilt _ which is all surgery," Dr Herron said.
""It will be up to the surgeon to show discretion, but there is a very real
danger _ about a one-in-200 chance _ of contracting AIDS during an operation on
an AIDS patient. ""It is in everybody's interests _ the patient and the medical
staff _ to know the AIDS status." A Queensland AIDS Council spokesman, Mr
Malcolm McChamish, said AIDS-testing of surgical patients was unnecessary and
would lead to discrimination and possibly loss of life in emergency situations.
He said the AMA should introduce compulsory, regular AIDS tests for doctors and
surgeons because they were more likely to infect their patients than be
infected. ""There is a sad history of discrimination against people who are
found to be infected with the AIDS virus," he said. ""It is useful for people to
know their status, but there is more to life than medicine and if they are found
to have AIDS they might go home to find they have no flat or job or friends." Dr
Herron rejected claims by some Brisbane doctors that surgical staff should
behave as if every patient had AIDS. An AMA paper on AIDS last week criticised
Federal Government use of ""unsound, non-medical advice" and called for an
urgent review of advisory bodies and consultative staff. It also rejected
compulsory AIDS-testing and said the responsibility lay with preventing the
spread of infection from the 0.1 to 0.2 percent of Australians who were
infected.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1989 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             879 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           February 4, 1989 Saturday

Slowing the death march of virus inside body   Thousands will be saved if AIDS
symptoms can be delayed until a   cure is found

BYLINE: DUNCAN CAMPBELL; SPCL

LENGTH: 2156 words

DATELINE: London ENGLAND


BY  DUNCAN CAMPBELL
 Special to The Globe and Mail
  LONDON
A cure for AIDS is probably 10 years away. Vaccines are even further off.
However, if a way could be found to slow the rate at which the HIV virus
develops into "full-blown" AIDS, as many as 50,000 lives and $24-billion
could be saved in Canada over the next decade.

But, the trouble is governments in Britain, the United States and
Canada have put scarcely a penny into the necessary research.

What was once a de facto medical secret - the knowledge that HIV
infection was probably always going to lead to AIDS - is now out in the
open. The grim predictions of "progression" to clinical disease are now
widely known. In this way, time has come to seem the greatest enemy of
those affected by AIDS" HIV.

But research based on the latest developments in the United States has
shown that one of AIDS' seemingly nastiest weapons - the long time it
takes to incubate - can be turned against it. Analysis based on the latest
projections of AIDS for Britain and Canada shows that more than 90 per
cent of the future death toll can be avoided if the right research is
begun now and implemented quickly.

But time is of the essence; with HIV, it is a desperate race against
time. Without therapeutic intervention, all those already infected - plus
anyone newly infected in 1988 and subsequent years - will probably also go
on to suffer and die from full-blown AIDS. That means almost all 60,000
Canadians currently infected with HIV virus would die by 2000, if not
treated.

With a death toll like that, it is not just health care costs and
personal suffering that will be heavy. The economic cost of AIDS is
greatly magnified by the age and gender grouping of the potential
casualties, including a high proportion of economically active young
males, for whom decades of productive life are at risk. Such deaths impose
a disproportionately high economic loss on the whole nation.

In Canada, health care costs alone for treating an AIDS patient are
estimated to be approaching an average of $82,500 per person between
diagnosis and death. In Britain, costs run about $65,000 (CDN) while in
the United States costs are running at about $70,000 (CDN) per head. But
the impact on the health system in the United States is many times more
severe. In New York City, where almost 18,000 AIDS cases have been
diagnosed, bed capacity in major public hospitals has been exhausted.

The over-all economic loss to the United States because of AIDS has
also been calculated. The value of lost lifetime production from each AIDS
death is estimated to have been $600,000 (U.S.) in 1987, rising to
$800,000 (U.S.) in 1991. By then, according to health economist Anne
Scitovsky of the University of California, San Francisco, the further cost
of the 144,000 people then predicted to have contracted AIDS will be $77.5
billion (U.S.). Even this may be only 10 to 20 per cent of the potential
U.S. AIDS"HIV disease death toll.

If the larger of the estimates of the extent of HIV infection in the
United States, produced by the U.S. Centres for Disease Control proves
correct, and medical intervention is late or ineffectual, then the
eventual economic cost of AIDS to the United States could easily exceed
one trillion dollars.

In Canada, the cost of failing to curb AIDS"HIV disease will be
somewhere between $10-billion and $40-billion, quite apart from the loss
of 30,000 to 60,000 people, mostly now in their 20s and 30s. If the full
extent of present and future HIV infection has been underestimated, or
continues to grow, then the ultimate potential death toll and loss to the
British economy will be that much larger. Although these figures may seem
astronomical, it is worth noting that the total cost of AIDS to the U.S.
economy already stands at $8.7 billion U.S., of which $7 billion is the
net loss of economic production from those dead or dying.

So far, four paths are being followed to end the AIDS epidemic. Three
of them will either fail in the short term, or are so far insufficient to
curb deaths from AIDS.

Education measures are directed against the means by which HIV is
transmitted. They are usually aimed at modifying people's behavior,
especially sexual.

Cures for full-blown AIDS are being urgently sought - but nothing that
is clearly effective is yet in the drugs-testing pipeline.

Vaccines could have the same valuable effect as education in safer sex,
but they are unlikely to work - not, at least, until there is a cure for
the syndrome itself.

No vaccine proposal has as yet shown any promise. Two British
researchers say there is no cause for optimism, as all eight vaccine
candidates tested to date have proven unpromising.

The tide is expected to turn, on vaccines as well as other research
objectives. But in the meantime - now - it is vitally important to go down
the fourth path - that of "early intervention."

Since the beginning of 1988, U.S. doctors, clinics and self-help groups
have begun this new and promising attack on AIDS. The key idea is to
arrest the virus's effects before they turn into full-blown AIDS. These
researchers have accepted that a vaccine against HIV has to be abandoned
for the moment, and that full-scale cures are still distant. But they
recognize that early intervention methods have the potential to transform
the AIDS epidemic into a disease that is at least as manageable as
diabetes.

A leading AIDS researcher, Dr. Bernard Bihari of the State University
of New York, said last month that he hoped that "within 12 to18 months,
we'll be able to arrest the disease at whatever stage it is at."

Not all researchers and clinicians share Dr. Bihari's optimism that
medical progress could be so rapid, although almost all now think that
early intervention is both feasible and essential. Their views are not a
pipe dream. Even with the much more serious problem of AIDS itself, (late)
medical intervention can be shown already to have improved dramatically
both the quality of life and the survival prospects for people who have
developed AIDS.

That work will continue, but the problem now, Dr. Bihari and his
colleagues say, is to stop development of the disease in 10 to 100 times
more people. To remedy deficiencies in U.S. research, he and a team of
East Coast AIDS researchers, including Drs. Mathilde Krim and Joseph
Sonnabend, two leading AIDS physicians, have pioneered the community
research initiative aimed at finding how to prevent HIV turning into AIDS.
"The goal is to stop AIDS," Dr. Sonnabend said, not just to treat it or
cure it. If they succeed, the new "great plague" scares of the early
eighties could well be ancient history by the early nineties.

Early intervention operates on the premise that the important thing is
to attack or restrain HIV before it has done its work of destroying the
immune system. In particular, it has to be done while there is enough
immunity left to destroy or help destroy other new infections, while the
patient is still sufficiently healthy to resist the toxic effects of
powerful drugs. Drugs also work much better on patients whose immune
systems are still relatively intact.

The most prominent AIDS scientist in the United States, Dr. Robert
Gallo of the U.S. National Cancer Institute in Bethesda, Md., told
Britain's Royal College of Physicians last spring that using anti-viral
drugs only after someone has been diagnosed with AIDS was "almost
certainly too late." It was now essential to use them as early as
possible. If he got infected, Dr. Gallo said firmly, he certainly wasn't
going to wait to get sick to start treatment.

It can be shown that relatively minor early intervention strategies
will have a major effect on the long-term effect of the epidemic. If, for
example, there may be 60,000 people currently infected in Canada, some
38,000 of them will have developed AIDS by 1995. By the year 2000, all but
600 will have developed AIDS. But if the effects of the virus were slowed
by only a factor of 1.5, 21,000 fewer people will have AIDS by 1995.
Slowed by the larger factor of two (that is, doubling the time taken to
progress to AIDS), only 19,700 people (instead of 58,600) will have
developed AIDS by the year 2000.

If HIV can be slowed by a factor of three, then the projected new cases
of AIDS in Canada after 1991 will fall dramatically from 50,000 or so to
300. AIDS would no longer be a major public health problem.

So, although early intervention won't immediately eradicate AIDS or the
HIV virus, it can curb more than 90 per cent of the deaths and suffering
we can expect in the short and medium terms. By targeting anti-infection
advice more efficiently, it will also help limit further infection. And it
will generate a life-saving breathing space while full-scale cures and
vaccines are found.

The new approach is already being tried, successfully, by pioneering
clinics in the United States and Europe. At the University of Amsterdam,
researchers have found that the well-known anti-AIDS drug AZT or
zidovudine appears to work better and cause fewer side effects when given
to infected people who haven't yet developed AIDS. In San Francisco, a new
clinic concentrating almost exclusively on early intervention, Positive
Action Healthcare, has quickly won a high reputation and has attracted
hundreds of patients since it opened just one year ago. Its director, Dr.
Alan Levin, has made publicly available all of the data on their attempted
therapies and the effect on patients, so that they and other physicians
may judge which stand the best chance of success.

Thousands of people will die for every month that is lost if the new
methods are not tested and implemented as soon as possible. Yet research
on this, the most vital AIDS-limiting task after public health education,
has scarcely begun anywhere - despite the fact that the lives most easily
saved will be the most recent potential casualties of HIV infection,
particularly those affected by the slower-growing, heterosexually
transmitted strain.

In Canada, despite a much superior health-care system than in the
United States, the situation for those infected with HIV is particularly
desperate because the federal government has not approved the use of AZT
except as part of limited drug trials.

Until a few months ago, no money was being spent on such research in
Britain. About 18 months ago, the first AIDS doctor in Britain who
proposed a simple project along these lines was refused funds. In the
Medical Research Council's July, 1988, report on its AIDS Directed
Program, there is not a single proposal for early therapeutic intervention
to curb the morbidity of HIV infection. Although 14-million has already
been committed, and a further 16-million was promised by the government to
the MRC AIDS program two months ago, none of this money is to be available
for clinical trials, even for full-blown AIDS.

What makes this particularly ironic is that such funds are available
for vaccine trials. The concentration of research on vaccines and the
theoretical study of viruses to the exclusion of urgent clinical trials
with patients - in the United States and Britain - has already driven U.S.
AIDS activists to make weekly direct action protests against the medical
and government research establishments.

One clinical trial has been launched, to test the effectiveness of AZT
in early intervention. It involves up to 2,000 people at 60 centres in
Britain and France. The trial is based on the minimum hypothesis that the
drug will at least halve the rate at which AIDS develops, and that side
effects will not outweigh efficacy.

The average annual death rate from AIDS in Britain, which three years
ago equalled the number of people diagnosed as having AIDS, is now one-
third of that level, and heading down. With better treatments, it might
soon be possible to say that someone had had AIDS but recovered; such
changes in perceived as well as actual medical practice have already
occurred with many cancers. Once early intervention has made the decline
linked to HIV arrestable, it may also be made reversible.

Even in the five earliest - and worst - years of the epidemic, in New
York, 15 per cent of the people who had had AIDS for five years were still
alive. But despite the optimism about beating AIDS, the virus and its
genes are going to be a problem for a very long time. Most people now
sexually active will probably always have to make their sexual behavior
"safer;" and in the late nineties, unless heterosexual habits change, it
will be heterosexuals rather than homosexuals whose behavior puts them at
grave risk. Early intervention won't change the risks, but it will change
the consequences.

Until now, epidemiologists have not attempted to predict what medical
advances might render their gloom-laden projections inaccurate, even
though such changes have already begun. But projecting the course of the
epidemic is only the beginning of the problem. The epidemiologists have
only interpreted the world; the point is to change it.
  Duncan Campbell is an investigative reporter for The New Statesman.
Additional research was done by Dr. Janie Grote and Nigel Townson.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1989 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             880 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                           May 3, 1988, Tuesday, NOR

AIDS victims guaranteed an education

BYLINE: By Royson James Toronto Star

SECTION: NEIGHBORS; Pg. N1

LENGTH: 555 words


   North York Board of Education has adopted a policy that guarantees students
with AIDS will get an education.

The policy assures teachers with the disease that they will remain in the
classroom as long as they are physically and mentally able to teach.

The city medical officer of health is the person who will decide when a student
or teacher is unable to stay in the classroom. Students then be taught at home
and techers could be given a job outside the classroom.

The board rejected an attempt last week by Trustee Zale Newman to add a clause
giving trustees the power to re-assign teachers out of the classroom once they
contract the deadly disease with no known cure.

Newman argued the board should give teachers suffering from acquired immune
deficiency syndrome a comparable job rather than risk the wrath of parents.

AIDS disables the body's immune system, leaving it prey to other disease. It is
transmitted by the exchange of bodily fluids such as blood and sperm, through
sexual activity, injection, transfusion or gestation.

"We'll get tremendous flak from the communty if a teacher with AIDS is in an
elementary school," Newman said. "It's a moral issue with parents."

But trustees said the Ontario Human Rights Code prohibits them from harassing
employees and the Community Health Protection Act forces the city's medical
officer of health to keep secret the identity of AIDS patients.

"Literally and politically, our hands are tied," said acting chairman Ralph
Belfry.

Much of the discussion centred on what students are taught about AIDS.

Parent Winston Herzenberg said a video now shown Grade 9 to 12 students goes
against education ministry curriculum guidelines for AIDS education.

Herzenberg told the board the 1985 video, Sex, AIDS and Drugs, promotes
promiscuity.

He argued the video promotes use of condoms but does not make it clear - as
ministry guidelines do - that sexual abstinence and monogamous relationships are
the most effective means of preventing the spread of AIDS.

Several trustees, saying parents have complained of the video, directed the AIDS
curriculum committee to consider replacing it with a 1987 version, titled, The
Subject is AIDS.

The board also urged the committee to stress the importance of abstinence in
AIDS prevention.

The policy to protect students and teachers with AIDS was developed after
trustees distributed a white paper on AIDS to parent and teacher groups for
discussion.

Dr. Gordon Martin, medical officer of health, told the board 21 cases of AIDS
have been reported in North York since the disease was first reported in the
early 1980s. This compares with 373 cases in Toronto and 16 in Scarborough.

No student case

Trustees know of one teacher - now dead - who contracted the disease.

Martin said no student case has been reported in Ontario and just one child, the
newborn daughter of an infected mother, has been stricken with the disease in
the province.

The board was told it is unlikely it will have to apply its policy because AIDS
is not easily transmitted in a school setting.

If a student or teacher contracts AIDS, the victim is moreat risk than healthy
students and teachers, health officials say. For the victim's protection, the
policy requiring the person to leave school would come into play.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1988 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             881 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                        February 23, 1988, Tuesday, ONT

AIDS-tainted blood given deliberately to Red Cross

BYLINE: By Peter Cheney Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 527 words


   Ottawa police are searching for an AIDS victim who deliberately donated his
infected blood to the Red Cross.

The man has been identified as being in his mid-20s and a resident of Vanier, a
city near Ottawa, but police have been unable to locate him yet, said Ottawa
police superintendent John McCombie.

He said police will release his name once they have a chance to speak to him.

McCombie said the man may be charged with criminal mischief and could face life
imprisonment if convicted.

Blood discarded

Though the infected blood was detected during routine testing and discarded, Red
Cross official Dr. Gail Rock said there is no question the AIDS victim knew he
was donating blood that contained the potentially deadly AIDS antibody.

"I never believed that anybody would ever do such a thing," McCombie said.

Dr. Jacob Nusbacher, medical director of the Toronto Red Cross, said there is
practically no chance that blood carrying the AIDS antibody could slip through
the Red Cross screening system.

"The chance is minuscule . . . it's somewhere in the neighborhood of one in a
million."

The Red Cross began testing all blood donations for the AIDS antibody in 1985,
and since that time hundreds of donations have been rejected after testing
positive, he said.

Highly effective

Nusbacher said the testing system has proven highly effective: "I am not aware
of any case of transfusion-transmitted AIDS since we started," he said.

The number of blood donations that test positive for AIDS has been dropping
steadily, Nusbacher said.

"By and large, high risk people come in much less often than when we started
testing . . . the educational message has taken effect. Most people are acting
very responsibly."

The controversial case came to light late last week after Ottawa police learned
from a witness that the AIDS victim had knowingly donated infected blood.

Chemical screening

The blood donation was made last November and was rejected after routine
chemical screening. But it was only last week that a man who knew the AIDS
victim learned that he had deliberately tried to get his blood into the Red
Cross bank.

The witness contacted Ottawa-area Red Cross officials, who then called in the
police.

The AIDS committee of Ottawa said the man was apparently diagnosed as having
AIDS more than a year ago.

The case is the first of its kind in Canada. Though more than 100 Canadian blood
donations test positive for the AIDS antibody each year, officials say there has
never been a previous case of an AIDS victim deliberately giving infected blood.

Police are also very concerned about the AIDS victim's sexual activities.

"This guy is obviously an active homosexual," McCombie said. "So how many other
people has he infected? He obviously has no scruples about infecting people . .
. he's already made that quite clear."

Antisocial act

Under the provincial Health Protection and Promotion Act, the AIDS victim may be
ordered not to offer blood to the Red Cross again. Breaching that order could
mean fines as high as $5,000.

Nusbacher said the AIDS carrier committed a terrible antisocial act.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1988 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             882 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           November 7, 1987 Saturday

Government strongly considering testing of all immigrants for   AIDS

BYLINE: JOAN BRECKENRIDGE; GAM

LENGTH: 904 words


BY  JOAN BRECKENRIDGE
 The Globe and Mail
  The federal Government is leaning toward approval of mandatory AIDS
tests for immigrants, a confidential Cabinet document obtained by The
Globe and Mail shows.

It also predicts that by 1991 the disease will have cost the health-
care system more than $500-million.

The realization that education is currently the only effective means of
controlling the spread of AIDS has prompted Health and Welfare Canada, in
a wide-ranging Cabinet memorandum on the disease, to ask that the $4-
million public-education fund be increased by $52.69-million.

A national AIDS education program to be launched by the spring of 1988
also promises to be controversial. The memorandum says sexually explicit
information is necessary because "explicitness is not optional, it is
imperative."

The paper urges an increase in the National AIDS Program budget, which
includes educational funds, from $39-million over five years to $189.3-
million over seven years.

A source said Health Minister Jake Epp has approved the memorandum but
that it has yet to go to the Cabinet.

In a section of the report entitled "ministerial recommendations," Mr.
Epp firmly opposes mandatory AIDS testing for the general public because
"the cost of repeatedly surveying the entire population would be
prohibitive (up to $250-million per year)."

However, other options are outlined in the 79-page document, entitled
Preparing Canada For AIDS In The 90s:
 . Mandatory testing of immigrants is suggested, either to keep those who
test positive for the AIDS antibody out of the country or to at least keep
track of them, "to detect any significant change that might signal a
policy review." The fact that AIDS patients would not necessarily be
excluded from the country would make this option, seen as a compromise,
politically attractive. Although the United States has implemented
mandatory AIDS testing for immigrants, the consensus among experts is that
the move will have little impact.
 . Hospitals should routinely employ strict infection-control procedures.
Before mandatory testing of all hospital patients were implemented,
however, all the provinces would have to agree it was warranted.
 . People who received multiple blood transfusions between 1978 and 1985
should be encouraged to have themselves tested before getting married or
pregnant. Compulsory testing, however, would be "discriminatory."
 . Testing of prisoners should continue on a voluntary basis. Mandatory
tests would lead to the isolation of those individuals who test positive,
which would amount to "unwarranted restriction." As well, isolation
facilities would eventually be overtaxed.

The report, drafted by Health and Welfare officials, says it would be
difficult to justify mandatory testing of health-care workers and
restaurant employees because there is no evidence of potential risk to
patients and customers.

Mr. Epp indicates he would like to see expanded voluntary testing among
the general population, as long as three criteria are met: informed
consent; pre- and post-test counselling; and confidentiality of test
results.

(This is in line with the opinion of international public health  experts that
compulsory testing does more harm than good, because people  who think they have
AIDS would simply stay away from doctors, and would be  able to take other
effective steps to avoid the tests.)     The Health Minister also wants to
licence any facility where blood is  tested, collected and stored. This would
ensure that only the best  procedures are followed when blood is tested for the
AIDS antibody.

The document states that AIDS will have particularly serious
consequences for the native population because their health status is
lower than that of other Canadians. Native communities are also isolated
and do not have AIDS-testing facilities readily available.

The memorandum urges Health and Welfare Canada to begin addressing many
of the difficult legal and sociological questions posed by AIDS, including
"sanctions for those knowingly transmitting the disease." Mandatory
testing by employers and insurance companies should also be examined, it
says.

AIDS, which the report calls "one of the most serious threats to global
health in modern times," is expected to become the most common cause of
death for Canadian men between the ages of 20 and 39 in the next few
years, the report says. As of Oct. 5, 387 men within this age group had
died from AIDS. Another 415 men with AIDS are still alive.

Mr. Epp has been under intense pressure from AIDS community groups,
researchers, AIDS patients and educators to increase funds for AIDS.

The memorandum indicates that both the Government and Mr. Epp have been
harshly and repeatedly criticized over the past few years for avoiding the
AIDS issue and for not providing strong leadership.

"The time has come for the federal Government and the Minister of
Health and Welfare . . . to demonstrate strong and visible leadership on
the AIDS issue," the document says.

"Full federal funding will demonstrate the Government's genuine concern
and commitment (to AIDS) and will highlight AIDS as the highest health
priority both in Canada and internationally."

The plans for increased financing also come at a time when the AIDS
infection rate is increasing within the heterosexual population. It is
estimated that 50,000 to 100,000 Canadians have been exposed to the virus,
and the memorandum estimates that by 1991 there will be 6,700 AIDS cases
in the country.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1987 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             883 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    August 18, 1987, Tuesday, Final Edition

Blacks, Hispanics and AIDS

BYLINE: Charles B. Rangel

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE A15

LENGTH: 884 words


Figures released by the Centers for Disease Control reveal that a
disproportionately high number of AIDS cases reported in the United States since
1981 have occurred in blacks and Hispanics. These groups represent just 18
percent of the overall population but 39 percent of the AIDS cases. When one
considers AIDS cases among children, the figures are much higher; fully 80
percent of children reported with AIDS are nonwhite. In the overwhelming
majority of cases, the cause of their disease may be traced to intravenous drug
use by their parents.

Unfortunately, many blacks and Hispanics have been slow to recognize the real
dangers that the spread of AIDS poses to their communities. There has been too
much of a tendency to view AIDS as a "gay white male disease."

A few snapshots from the statistics reveal the magnitude of the problem for
minorities:

AIDS cases are occurring nearly three times more frequently among black and
Hispanic men than among white men. For black women, the rate is 14 times that of
white women.

Ninety percent of the children who have acquired AIDS by transmission from their
mothers have been black or Hispanic.

In two selected groups that have been tested for the presence of AIDS antibodies
(military recruit applicants and blood donors), the infection rate was four to
seven times higher in blacks than in whites.

The most important factor behind these statistics is drug abuse. Of the black
and Hispanic AIDS patients from New York and New Jersey, for example, about half
are intravenous drug users. Reported AIDS patients who are IV drug users are
predominantly black (51 percent) or Hispanic (30 percent). Among black and
Hispanic women with AIDS, one-third have acquired the infection through
heterosexual contact. The majority (62 percent) of persons acquiring AIDS
through heterosexual contact have had sex with an IV drug user.

But drug abuse is not the whole story. Another important route of spread of the
AIDS virus to minority women is through sexual relations with men who, sometimes
without the woman's knowledge, are bisexual. Homosexuality does not fit in with
the macho image desired in many segments of the black and Hispanic communities.
Therefore, many minority men who are gay conceal their preferences by
maintaining a bisexual life style. Women who may find themselves in
relationships with such men need to be educated about their potential risks of
infection and counseled on precautions they should be taking.

A particular group at risk among minorities is teen-agers, who may be starting
to experiment sexually and may not be getting the message about AIDS. Sexually
active adolescents need to be warned, in language they will listen to, about the
dangers of having multiple partners and about transmission of the AIDS virus
from infected mothers to their babies.

Coping with the AIDS epidemic, especially as it affects minorities, will require
coordinated effort and careful planning. Social services for minority people
with AIDS, people who may be poor and poorly informed about the dangers of the
disease, have lagged far behind those available for more affluent victims. We
may, for instance, need to develop special programs tailored for bisexual men
and their families. There is also a need to study differences in the social and
sexual practices of gay men who are white, black and Hispanic.

We must have better drug abuse treatment and control programs. Outreach programs
to drug abusers must take into account the social and educational differences
involved. For example, in a study in New York City, needle-sharing practices
differed among white, black and Hispanic drug users, with blacks and Hispanics
reporting more re-use of needles. These two groups also had a much higher rate
of infection with the AIDS virus (42 percent) than did white IV drug abusers (14
percent).

It is time for organized minority groups to take a more active role in
containing the spread of AIDS. The Southern Christian Leadership Conference has
demonstrated its commitment by sponsoring a series of state conferences on AIDS
and its impact on blacks, including a recent two-day meeting at Howard
University. Our churches should also be a powerful force for education within
their communities. Many, unfortunately, have been slow to respond to the AIDS
crisis, deterred in part by the stigma of the link to homosexuality.

The federal government has spent over $ 850 million on AIDS research and
education in the years since 1981. It is possible that an equal or greater
amount will be appropriated by Congress for the upcoming fiscal year alone.
Congress is also addressing the design of a comprehensive national program for
AIDS, covering education, prevention, research, treatment and the care of AIDS
patients. Along with Sen. Edward Kennedy, Reps. Benjamin Gilman, Frank Guarini
and 37 other members of Congress, I have introduced legislation authorizing such
a program, including money to combat AIDS in intravenous drug abusers. Many
thoughtful people have sound ideas to contribute to the formulation of a
comprehensive plan on AIDS. Now is the time for the nation to make a commitment.


The writer is a Democratic representative from New York and chairman of the
House Select Committee on Narcotics Abuse and Control.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: OPINION EDITORIAL

                       Copyright 1987 The Washington Post


                             884 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                             March 27 1987, Friday

'Value for money' board to control soaring costs

BYLINE: FRANCES GIBB, Legal Affairs Correspondent

SECTION: Issue 62727.

LENGTH: 927 words


A new legal aid board to take over the running of the pounds 400 million a year
legal aid scheme and ministerial control of lawyers' legal aid fees were among
measures outlined by the Government yesterday to curb the rapidly rising costs
of the legal aid bill.

The measures are contained in a White Paper aimed at ensuring the legal aid
scheme is run efficiently and effectively and that it 'provides the best
possible value for money'.


It is also aimed at ending some of its injustices: it creates a new right for
someone in a civil dispute to argue that his opponent should not be granted
legal aid; and will increase the amount to be paid towards costs in such
disputes by the person on legal aid.

The chief proposals are:

A new legal aid board to be set up under the Lord Chancellor to take over the
running of the scheme from the Law Society, responsible for the task since the
scheme was set up in 1949;

Gradual transfer of the task of certain advice work from solicitors to advice
agencies;

Rates that determine what solicitors and barristers can charge for all legal aid
work to be set by the Lord Chancellor;

Standard or 'fixed' fees to be introduced more widely for different kinds of
work (instead of payment by time spent);

Abolition of legal aid for wills and conveyancing;

Contributions to be paid towards the cost of civil legal aid throughout the case
and not just for 12 months.

But the White Paper rejects any extension of solicitors' rights of audience in
the crown court, or of legal aid to tribunals.

It also rejects, but only for the time being, the main and most controversial
proposal of the Treasury-led scrutiny team in its report on legal aid last June,
that advice agencies should take over from solicitors the job of giving legal
advice for certain kinds of work.

The proposals provoked 'considerable criticism', the White Paper says; and it
was argued they were unworkable for a number of reasons, including the limited
number of such agencies and the enormous extra burden of work they would have to
take on.

'The Government accepts that there is force in some of these objections', the
White Paper says. But it is still 'attracted' to the idea where it would provide
a better service at lower cost and where the advice workers would have greater
expertise than many solicitors in private practice.

The new legal aid board will therefore 'as an early task' look at more
cost-effective ways of doing that. Once it has set up suitable arrangements for
contracting with agencies for advice to be given in specified areas - such as on
welfare benefits - those will be excluded from the legal aid advice scheme.

The board is being created because the present administrative structure is no
longer appropriate, it says. But the Government praises the work of the Law
Society in promoting the scheme's success.

It is also diffuse, with several other bodies - courts and government
departments - having varying responsibilities. 'Such a profusion of
responsibilities must detract from efficiency. '

But the Government intends the new board to have far wider powers than the Law
Society has over legal aid.

It will in future take over such tasks as assessing the means of a legal aid
applicant; decisions on granting criminal legal aid (now done by the courts) and
some of the job of determining bills.

On the granting of legal aid, a key proposal is to give an individual in a
dispute a right to argue against his opponent being granted legal aid.

At present only the person applying for legal aid has any part in the whole
process, yet the grant of legal aid 'may have a major impact on his opponent'.

But clear time-limits for representations are to be set to avoid delays being
created by that right.

The Government has rejected the widely attacked scrutiny team proposal for a
pounds 10 flat rate charge, instead of contributions, to all on criminal legal
aid except the poorest.

Instead it intends to change the way contributions are paid for civil legal aid,
so that they continue throughout a case.

The Government intends to assume greater control over lawyers' legal aid fees.
At the core of the far-reaching measures is its intention to end any link with
rates of pay for private work;

The Government already sets the rates for criminal legal aid and is bringing in
set rates for family work.

In future it will set rates for all legal aid work, civil and criminal.

At the same time it wants to extend 'fixed' fees to more categories of work. At
present lawyers are paid by the time spent. Fixed fees already apply to
barristers' criminal work in the crown court and the Government wants to extend
them to solicitors.

The taxing, or determining, of lawyers' bills could then be done by county court
staff rather than registrars.

It also wants to abolish the much-criticized automatic deduction of 10 per cent
on all High Court lawyers' bills.

Legal aid for wills and conveyancing is to be abolished, but the Government has
rejected the scrutiny team proposal to extend legal aid to tribunals. Instead,
it wants tribunal procedure simplified so lawyers are not needed.

It also accepts that legal aid work should be done only by expert panels of
solicitors; that there should be a review of whether legal aid should continue
when costs reach a certain level; and that there should be more use of one
counsel rather than two.

Legal Aid in England and Wales: A New Framework (Command 118, Stationery Office;
pounds 3.30).

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1987 Times Newspapers Limited


                             885 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                            January 14, 1985 Monday

POLICE WORRIED OVER FIRST AID GIVEN TO AIDS CARRIER

SOURCE: QNP

LENGTH: 540 words


Police worried over first aid given to AIDS carrier MELBOURNE._ A Victorian
policeman who gave first aid to a car crash victim later discovered the man was
a suspected AIDS carrier. Police said yesterday the policeman had given first
aid in a vain attempt to revive the man. The policeman had tried to clear the
dying man's air passage. A person at the accident scene previously gave the
driver mouth-to-mouth resuscitation. The man involved in the accident had head
injuries and had stopped breathing when police arrived. Police said the senior
constable would be monitored to check his condition. Police yesterday conferred
with Victorian Health Commission doctors over the AIDS (acquired immune
deficiency syndrome) problem. The police surgeon, Dr Peter Bush, said the risks
of a person contracting AIDS through giving first aid were minimal. The National
AIDS Task Force chairman, Professor David Penington, said his group had
considered the risks of AIDS being transmitted in this way, but decided the
chances were almost negligible. He said the task force was likely to recommend
that ambulance officers and lifesavers use masks, but that people confronted
with a victim needing resuscitation should not be concerned about AIDS. The
policeman involved has been told by superiors not to comment on the accident.
But police are concerned at the possibility of AIDS risk in dealing with injured
carriers of the disease. Recently a circular was handed to all police, warning
of procedures to be carried out when dealing with possible AIDS victims or
carriers. Dr Bush said he had been concerned for some time at the possibility of
diseases being passed during mouth-to-mouth resuscitation and first aid
techniques. ""We will consider using masks in the future," he said. Professor
Penington said AIDS could be passed in mouth-to-mouth resuscitation only if
there was a cut or sore in the mouth. He said that even if a person was infected
with AIDS, there was only a one in 10 chance of eventually being struck down by
the disease. Within two to three months of exposure, people could be checked for
a positive result to blood tests. ""If there is no result by then, all is OK,"
he said. It takes about three years for the AIDS disease to incubate, but a
carrier can be identified within three months of being in contact with the
disease. Senior police plan to discuss the problem to ensure that police
continue to provide first aid mouth-to-mouth resuscitation when required. ""This
is a problem, but we don't want the members to over-react to what is a very
minor risk," a senior policeman said. The Victorian Health Minister, Mr Roper,
last night said the dead man in the accident was a confirmed AIDS sufferer, and
an outpatient at the Fairfield Infectious Diseases Hospital. He said his
officers had been told the policeman had cuts on his hands when he gave first
aid to the dying man. Mr Roper said the policeman had been advised to have an
immediate blood sample taken, and another one in three months. The Melbourne
ambulance service had been advised that the two ambulance officers who treated
the man should take the same precautions. ""The ambulance used has been
specially cleaned so it can be used again," he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1985 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             886 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            November 12, 1979 Monday

CIDA policy of tied aid   becomes cumbersome

BYLINE: Wayne Cheveldayoff; GAM

LENGTH: 928 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ON


The Government's decision to make a small cut in its foreign aid budget
 is essentially a holding action. The big decisions about aid have been
 postponed.

The Canadian International Development Agency, which handles most of
 Canada's aid, was reported last week to have been held to a 2 per cent
 increase in its aid budget for the 1980-81 fiscal year. That means it
 will have only $20-million more on top of this year's budget of
 $1.21-billion, or about 0.5 per cent of gross national product.

It also means that CIDA will be prevented for the second year in a row
 from sponsoring any new projects abroad. Its budget for next year is
 already spent on the basis of previous commitments.

The Conservative Government is obviously waiting for the results of a
 Parliamentary review of foreign policy and a private sector study on
 trade promotion before tackling the aid issue.

External Affairs Minister Flora MacDonald and others in the Government
 have suggested that Canada might want to concentrate its aide to a
 specific area of the world. There also have been suggestions that Canada
 might link aid with progress on human rights in the recipient
 countries.

This last bit of musing has brought a quick reaction from the Canadian
 Export Association, representing Canadian exporters. The CEA has sent
 letters to Miss MacDonald and Prime Minister Joe Clark protesting against
 the idea of tying human rights to aid and trade. While applauding the
 philosophy of promoting human rights, the CEA notes that the big and
 influential United States has not been too successful in its efforts
 along these lines and has gone back somewhat on its policy of tying trade
 to human rights. It doubts that Canada by itself could be more successful
 and warns that the country may just hurt its trade opportunities without,
 in fact, forcing poor countries to loosen up on human rights.

But there are other more important issues the Government has yet to
 tackle head on. While CIDA was set up in the 1960s for humanitarian
 purposes, its focus and methods have been overtaken by world events.

CIDA's policy of tying 70 per cent of its aid to purchases of Canadian
 goods and services (the other 30 per cent goes to multilateral agencies
 like the World Bank) has become cumbersome in a trading world where other
 industrial countries are increasingly innovative in their selling
 techniques.

While some of Canadian business likes this policy of forcing
 underdeveloped countries to buy Canadian with our tax dollars, it is not
 clearly an efficient use of Canadian tax money. Poor countries end up
 paying 15 to 20 per cent more for Canadian products under this tied-aid
 system, than if they bought from local suppliers. In effect, the Canadian
 taxpayer could save about $200-million a year and still give the same
 amount of aid in physical terms if, instead, CIDA simply wrote a cheque
 and allowed the recipient countries to buy from the cheapest source.

Aside from this potential saving, some observers believe that the
 direct tying of aid to Canadian products is not necessarily an efficient
 way of promoting Canadian trade opportunities abroad. Poor countries
 getting products like water pumps or outboard motors from Canada under
 tied aid would not be interested in buying such products on a commercial
 basis from Canada in the future because they generally can get such
 products cheaper from local sources or from the old colonial powers, such
 as France and Britain.

Sweden and West Germany have dropped this approach to tied aid and
 officially give poor countries some money to spend anywhere in the world.
 But aid observers say these countries and others like Japan continue to
 have indirect ties on their aid. For instance, Japan has offered cash for
 fishing boats and motors to Latin American countries on the condition
 that Japanese fishing boats are allowed access to territorial waters.
 With a change in focus, Canada could make similarly shrewd deals, such as
 giving cash aid in return for purchases of high technology products, such
 as the De Havilland Dash 7.

This approach would seem more in tune with the 1980s trading
 environment and would give the federal Government wider scope for
 promoting trade with aid in a way consistent with Canadian industrial
 strategy.

Another concern is that Canada is not getting very much of a return
 from its multilateral aid distributed through the World Bank and other
 international agencies. The United States gets export sales from World
 Bank projects worth 10 times more than it contributes to the agency each
 year. Japan, too, ends up with a bigger slice than its rate of
 contribution. Canada gets virtually nothing for its $350-million annual
 budget for multilateral aid.

Perhaps it would make more sense for Canada to cut its multilateral
 aid budget and dole out the cash itself with, of course, certain
 conditions attached relating to the promotion of Canadian trade
 opportunities.

Canada could not simply untie its aid and sit back. It would have to
 have another system of using Canadian aid to further the country's
 industrial expansion. That, after all, is the intention of most aid from
 the industrial West; Canada should recognize this and not be fooled by
 the humanitarian rhetoric that so often is spouted by diplomats.

While the Conservative Cabinet mulls over its options in the area of
 trade and aid, it should keep in mind that a bold initiative, involving
 not just CIDA but the Export Development Corp. and the Department of
 Industry, Trade and Commerce, will be needed to keep pace with the
 Americans, West Germans and Japanese in world markets.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1979 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             887 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Weekend Australian

                          September 21, 2013 Saturday
                         1 - All-round Country Edition

Rational approach to aid long overdue EXCLUSIVE

BYLINE: GREG SHERIDAN, FOREIGN EDITOR

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 1871  words


Julie Bishop's early initiatives as Foreign Minister richly deserve to succeed

IT is a fair bet that many of us have no idea of some of the weird and wonderful
things that Australian taxpayers pay for through our foreign aid budget.

For reasons that are completely baffling, the Australian taxpayer is liable for
$150,000 of the cost of a statue in New York commemorating campaigns against
slavery in Africa and the Caribbean. Spot the Australian connection?

Then there are the millions of dollars Australian taxpayers have generously
stumped up for the Palestinian Union of Agricultural Works Committees. A number
of the board members and office-holders of this group are intimately associated
with the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, one of the key
progenitors of terrorism against Western targets, pioneering especially attacks
on passenger aeroplanes. An obvious place for the rewards of the sweat of
boilermakers in Wollongong to end up.

Then there is the subvention given to Gareth Evans's old think tank, the
International Crisis Group. The ICG does some good work, but how exactly is a
rich think tank in Brussels the responsibility of the Australian taxpayer
through the foreign aid budget?

There are still aid programs delivered from Australia to China, though China has
international reserves of more than $US3 trillion ($3.15 trillion). I suppose
there is some kind of circular efficiency in borrowing money from the Chinese in
order to send it back to China. Or can you guess which single agency of any
government is the third largest recipient of Australia's foreign aid budget? The
answer is the Australian Immigration Department. The Rudd and Gillard
governments had committed to the target of overseas aid reaching 0.5 per cent of
gross national income. Originally this target was to be reached by 2015, but the
dire budgetary situation forced the government to keep putting that date off. A
technicality meant the government could spend money on asylum-seeker processing
within Australia and still label it foreign aid -- I suppose because the people
being processed were foreigners -- so in order to maintain the illusion it was
approaching the GNI target, it made the Australian government the third largest
recipient of Australian foreign aid.

As Shakespeare said: ``That way madness lies.''

Tony Abbott's government, under a policy initiative led by Foreign Minister
Julie Bishop, has decided to reform Australia's overseas aid program.

There is an overwhelming case for such reform.

So far, the reform has moved through two distinct phases. Before the election,
Bishop announced the Coalition would take $600 million out of this year's aid
budget, which had increased radically. After that, across the next four years of
the forward estimates, the aid budget will increase only by the amount of the
Consumer Price Index.

Australia will still be giving in the order of $5 billion a year.

This cut points to deep Coalition policy reflection that just measuring how much
money you spend is an extremely crude guide to an aid program's effectiveness.
It is the old problem of big government -- measuring inputs with no serious
evaluation of outcomes. You see, the objects of Australian aid policy are
supposed to be the alleviation of poverty and the promotion of economic
development, and the furtherance of Australia's national interests.

This week, the Coalition announced the second big step in its reform of aid:
AusAID will be reintegrated fully within the Department of Foreign Affairs and
Trade.

Since the early 1970s, AusAID and its predecessors have been a separate agency.
Since 2010 they have reported exclusively to the foreign minister, not to the
secretary of DFAT.

Some people within AusAID view the integration announcement as akin to the
apocalypse.

Many in DFAT, on the other hand, are delighted, as it is the first significant
step to bolster DFAT's role in national policy since the amalgamation of the
departments of foreign affairs and trade in the 1980s.

Peter Varghese, the secretary of DFAT, put out an internal statement to DFAT and
AusAID staff saying: ``The decision reflects the government's view that bringing
our operations together is the next logical step in ensuring the alignment of
our aid, foreign policy and trade objectives.''

He said the government's vision for an expanded DFAT was of ``a single
department which not only strategically aligns our foreign, trade and
development objectives but also carries a pre-eminent role in guiding
Australia's international engagement''.

Varghese also said the process of integration would not be rushed. He is right
that it should be done properly, without inefficient haste. But there should be
no bureaucratic foot-dragging either. This is an irreversible decision. Bishop
expects it will be completed well within a year.

The exact final structure of DFAT is yet to be worked out. But AusAID staff will
be integrated as regular DFAT staff. AusAID's name may be changed, but whatever
it is called, it is likely ultimately to be overseen by a regular deputy
secretary of DFAT. Its staff at Australian embassies overseas will be fully
integrated into the diplomatic network.

The integration is not driven primarily by the desire to save money, but it
should result in significant savings. At a press conference, Abbott said: ``We
want Australia's aid program to be fully integrated into Australia's overall
diplomatic effort. We don't want our diplomacy going in one direction and our
aid program going in another direction. We do intend to trim the size of the
commonwealth public sector by 12,000 through natural attrition over the next
three years . . . So, yes, there may well be fewer people working in AusAID in
three years' time than is now the case.''

Bishop will conduct a review of aid priorities over the next few weeks. She and
Abbott will honour all of Kevin Rudd's promises to Papua New Guinea. This will
require cuts in other areas of the aid budget.

Bishop is not unhappy about some of the specific projects involved in the PNG
commitments. Fixing up Lae International Hospital, an appalling facility where
the people recently attacked on the Black Cat Track walking tour were treated,
is a good thing. Improving the University of PNG fits well into the Coalition's
New Colombo Plan. Fixing a big highway is a good idea. These projects may begin
to wean AusAID off its ideological objection to infrastructure. In reality,
infrastructure can be a key to economic development, which is the only route to
long-term poverty eradication.

No country ever got rich by receiving aid, although a lot of individuals got
rich by receiving aid meant for poor people, and a lot of already rich people
continue to live well off the vast, self-serving bureaucracy aid has spawned in
Western countries.

Former World Trade Organisation director-general Pascal Lamy has pointed out the
percentage of people in the world living in poverty fell from 43 per cent in
1990 to 21 per cent in 2010. This was mostly a period when the world economy was
growing strongly and trade rules were being liberalised.

The Coalition's determination to reform the aid program has a number of
parliamentary champions, but this is Bishop's policy.

It shows the advantage of having senior shadow ministers in a portfolio for a
number of years. Bishop has watched the performance of Australia's and other
nations' aid programs in the Asia Pacific and internationally in the five years
she has held the foreign affairs portfolio.

She has been astonished at how little Australia integrates its aid into its
overall diplomacy. She has told stories of touring Bougainville on roads built
by Australian taxpayers that bear no Australian label, while every Japanese
bridge is flagged. She recalls attending a Samoan independence day celebration.
Australia is Samoa's biggest aid donor, but the US, China, even Israel had a
much higher profile for their aid. She was in one country where Australia had
trained the teachers, but no member of the public knew of this, while China had
built a port facility that made it the toast of the nation.

She has much deeper criticism, of course, of the way aid money is spent.

She and Abbott are as one in their determination that their foreign policy will
be ``Jakarta, not Geneva'', which means it will be focused on the region.

It is likely that under Bishop, aid to Africa, Latin America, the Caribbean and
the Middle East will decline, while aid to Australia's own region, which has
loads of poor people, will increase.

Similarly, aid to multilateral bodies, the last resort of an aid agency that
could not find ways to shovel the money out quickly enough, is also likely to
diminish.

A heightened emphasis on our region would embody plain common sense. Australia
now gives aid to countries where it cannot even afford a diplomatic mission. It
is quite right that Europe be chiefly responsible for aid to Africa, and the US
for aid to the Caribbean, and that Australia concentrate its efforts in its
region.

Bishop believes the aid budget was corrupted by being nakedly used to bolster
support for Australia's bid for a seat on the UN Security Council. There were
also absurdities, such as Australia becoming the third largest aid donor to
Libya, where we had not even had an embassy. This aid allowed Rudd as foreign
minister to gain admission to Middle East diplomatic talk fests.

Australia does have a global outlook and global responsibilities, but this level
of effort was not consistent with priorities dictated by a serious assessment of
our national interests.

After the 2010 election the Gillard government did conduct an inquiry into aid
effectiveness. But it did not implement its key recommendation, that the rise in
the aid budget to 0.5 per cent of GNI would be extremely steep and challenging,
and that annual increases should not be undertaken until benchmarks of
effectiveness were reached. It is still Coalition policy to reach 0.5 per cent
of GNI as our aid budget. I am highly sceptical about the true efficacy of much
aid and somewhat dubious about whether this a good target.

But although the aid lobby has howled about the Coalition's decisions -- and
been given an uncontested run on the ABC's many platforms to do so -- the
reforms offer aid its best chance for a sustainable, long-term increase.

Countless aid NGOs, of course, receive government money in part to argue the
case that they should receive more government money. This is neither very
democratic nor conducive to good policy.

The international aid community has its own ideology, which often intensely
resents donor governments aligning aid with broader national interests. The
sniffily independent British aid agency is the most obvious example.

But New Zealand and Canada have reintegrated their aid agencies into their
foreign affairs departments. Bishop had numerous conversations with her NZ
counterpart, Murray McCully, on the utility of this move.

Bishop also intends to emphasise aid for trade, as getting the poorest nations
involved in productive trade is their best long-term hope.

This is a serious and determined move by the Abbott government to change the
culture of Australia's international aid. It will be a very good thing if it
succeeds.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             888 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Waikato Times (Hamilton)

                          December 1, 1999, Wednesday

Africa next step in help for Aids patients

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 330 words


http://nz.com/NZ/Queer/NZAF New Zealand Aids Foundation It started when
Catherine Adams agreed to a friend's request in 1989.

A friend had asked Ms Adams to accompany him to Waikato Hospital to visit
someone with Aids. She ended up visiting the patient until his death and
becoming a volunteer support worker with the New Zealand Aids Foundation.

Ten years later, the 61-year-old Hamilton nurse is taking her skills to East
Africa as an HIV/Aids programme co-ordinator for Volunteer Service Abroad (VSA).
Ms Adams has spent thousands of hours at the bedsides of Aids patients
throughout the Waikato and King Country. She is one of about 30 Aids Foundation
rostered volunteers in the region who give up their time to care for Aids
patients in their homes.

They also help families of patients.

Ms Adams says the work is fulfilling, despite the fact many of the patients are
nursed until they die.

"It's very much a highs and lows thing -- but it's also very satisfying. I've
met some fantastic and amazing people through my Aids work."

The two-year VSA appointment will see her returning to her country of birth when
she goes to the Bonda Mission Hospital in the Mutasa province in the eastern
highlands of Zimbabwe.

The district population of 200,000 consists mainly of subsistence farmers and
there are several high-risk areas for HIV/Aids. Up to 200 Aids sufferers die
each day there. In comparison, there have been 197 deaths in the Waikato from
Aids in 15 years.

Ms Adams says the pandemic nature of the disease refutes the misconception that
Aids is a gay disease.

"It is non-selective. Anyone can get it." As Aids co-ordinator, Ms Adams will
devise a home-based care programme, advise and train workers and caregivers and
work with Aids groups.

-- Kris McGehan

Today is World Aids Day. The Aids Foundation will hold its annual fundraising
appeal, Red Ribbon Day, on Friday.

--------------------

CAPTION:

CATHERINE ADAMS: fulfilling work.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1999 Fairfax New Zealand Newspaper


                             889 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                     July 6, 1996, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

AIDS conference key to winning political support

BYLINE: BARBARA YAFFE; VANSUN

SECTION: NEWS; BARBARA YAFFE; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 740 words


Canada's prime minister won't be attending the 11th International Conference on
AIDS in Vancouver, set to start Sunday. But it's not because Jean Chretien is
unsympathetic.

In fact, according to his office, "a member of his extended family" has died of
the disease.

Several months ago, when the invitation arrived at the Prime Minister's Office,
the PM's schedule looked jam-packed and officials decided on a pass. There have
since been second thoughts. But at this point, it's believed it would be too
controversial for the PM to change his mind. AIDS activists might meet him with
placards questioning his flip flop.

Cabinet ministers Hedy Fry, Pierre Pettigrew, and Health Minister David Dingwall
are planning to attend.

Dingwall is expected to explain the government position -- federal funding to
fight the spread of AIDS will continue. But the Liberals won't decide on
long-range dollar amounts until they've evaluated the effectiveness of past
funding.

Canada ranks right up there with other western industrialized countries in terms
of the incidence of AIDS, with 308 cases per million people. That's far below
the U.S. but ahead of Australia, the U.K., Germany, Sweden, and Japan, which has
just seven cases per million.

In Canada, B.C. is the province with the most cases as a percentage of
population -- 75 cases per 100,000 adults. Ontario is second; Quebec, third.

But when the occurrence of various diseases and causes of death are scrutinized,
AIDS does not rank as a top killer.

According to a Statistics Canada analysis of the 205,000 deaths in 1993, the
biggest killer was cancer. It accounted for 28 per cent of all Canadian deaths.
The next biggest killer was heart disease, accounting for 27 per cent of
mortalities.

AIDS was responsible for fewer than 1 per cent of deaths in '93. In fact, more
people died from accidental falls. And from suicides.

An important point to note, however, is that AIDS is infectious. And charts
tracking the growth of the disease show a disturbing upward trend.

To date, the feds have responded to the AIDS challenge with a program launched
six years ago, The National AIDS Strategy. It provides about $ 40 million a year
for research, treatment and prevention. But the strategy is scheduled to
terminate in '98.

The Liberal government is under pressure from the Reform party to reduce its
contribution to AIDS programs. Reform says the AIDS strategy has never been
properly evaluated and it questions whether the amount of the funding is fair,
given that the occurrence of AIDS is not all that high relative to other
diseases.

Sharon Hayes, MP for Port Moody-Coquitlam and Reform's deputy health critic,
said Friday while on vacation in Tennessee, that AIDS is receiving a
"disproportionately large" amount of money.

"Vocal political activists on the side of AIDS have been very effective. But
there's a large majority of Canadians who are unheard in terms of their needs in
the health field."

In 1994 -95, federal funding for AIDS totalled $ 43.4 million. Funding for
breast cancer totalled about $ 10 million.

Reformers also question the way the $ 43.4 million was spent, with less than $ 6
million going toward actual care, treatment and support of AIDS sufferers.

And the party is critical of the fact that $ 16 million of the total was spent
on "vague and unaccountable" programs for AIDS education and prevention which
Reform says may actually encourage more young people to engage in sex.

Janet Madsen, coordinator of a Vancouver support group for HIV-infected women,
points out reasons why the public should support spending on AIDS programs.
Dollars spent on AIDS research will probably yield benefits in the fight against
cancer and other diseases.

She also notes that everyone has an interest in supporting spending on AIDS
prevention and education because of the infectious nature of the disease.

Madsen also says, unlike more traditional diseases, AIDS has a stigma.
Consequently, private firms that give freely to fight breast cancer or heart
disease are loathe to donate funds for the research and treatment of AIDS.

That's why AIDS advocates have always had to rely so heavily on government
support. Why they've had to become political in their fight for dollars. And why
this week's conference is so important in allowing them to highlight the fruits
of their work and the magnitude of their continuing battle.


LOAD-DATE: July 7, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1996 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             890 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                     November 2, 1991, Saturday, 1* EDITION

Companies setting policies add support to workers, families

BYLINE: STEWART BELL; VANSUN

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. F2

LENGTH: 203 words


By developing an AIDS policy, a company can provide a supportive atmosphere for
employees with AIDS and their families, while at the same time avoiding costly
work disruptions.

According to AIDS Vancouver, the key elements of an AIDS policy should be:

* Recognition that employees with AIDS have a right to work and that they pose
no danger to co-workers or clients.

* Respect for an employee who tests positive to have the right to
confidentiality.

* Accommodation of work schedules to meet the needs of an employee with HIV.

* Understanding that AIDS testing will not be used in employment decisions.

* Commitment to employee education.

* Denouncement of discriminatory acts against persons with AIDS.

"People are protected under human rights legislation from discrimination, but
that's just what the law books say," said AIDS Vancouver's AIDS in the workplace
coordinator Michael Aze.

"What we're after is to make employers want these things," he said.

"Companies have policies for life-threatening diseases but AIDS is different. It
brings with it emotional components. People are afraid to talk about it; there's
a high level of fear. It's those needs that we have to address."


LOAD-DATE: November 3, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ACTIVIST: Michael Aze lobbies for workplace policies

               Copyright 1991 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             891 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              November 29, 1983, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

AIDS NOW SEEN AS A WORLDWIDE HEALTH PROBLEM

BYLINE: By LAWRENCE K. ALTMAN

SECTION: Section C; Page 1, Column 5; Science Desk

LENGTH: 1782 words


GENEVA ACQUIRED immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) has become a worldwide problem
with cases now being reported in 33 countries and all inhabited continents.

Of particular concern is a spurt in cases diagnosed in Europe, where the number
has doubled in the last year, as it did soon after the disease became known in
the United States in 1981.

And there are indications that in Africa the disease may be striking
heterosexual men and women in equal numbers, unlike the situation in the
industrialized countries, where AIDS predominantly strikes homosexual men and
intravenous drug users. The disease is occurring in several countries in central
and western Africa to a much greater extent than was previously recognized.

Although AIDS has been diagnosed worldwide, the reports have been somewhat
spotty, according to Dr. Walter Dowdle of the national Centers for Disease
Control in Atlanta, who was chairman of an international gathering of scientists
here last weekend, the first meeting to discuss the global impact of AIDS.

Dr. Dowdle emphasized that the new findings that emerged from that meeting
should not be greeted with undue alarm. ''AIDS is not a mysterious disease that
is going to sweep the whole world,'' he said. ''It is increasing, but not at a
rate alarming for the general public.''

The 38 scientists who met at the World Health Organization's headquarters
represented all the specialties involved in AIDS research.

The 15 European countries reporting to the World Health Organization now account
for about 10 percent of all AIDS cases. Of the 267 AIDS cases that have been
reported in Europe, 164 - or about 60 percent - were diagnosed from January to
October of this year.

Preliminary results of a new study in central Africa have led some AIDS experts
to suspect that the disease may generally be transmitted heterosexually in some
of the less developed areas of the world. The study also suggests, however, that
this may be because of inadequately sterilized needles and syringes used in
everyday medical practice.

In some countries, only a few AIDS cases have been diagnosed. Australia has
reported four cases and Japan, the only Asian country to report the disease,
two.

Despite the small number of cases reported in some countries, many participants
said they suspected the true incidence of AIDS was more widespread than
believed. They said the incidence of AIDS might be many times greater than the
official worldwide total of about 3,000 cases. Only two AIDS cases have actually
been reported from Eastern Europe, both in Czechoslovakia. West Germany has
reported 42 cases, East Germany none. The Soviet Union had a representative at
the meeting, but has reported no AIDS cases.

Have AIDS cases been diagnosed in the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe and the
reports been suppressed? Participants interviewed said they did not know the
answer. Some speculated that the incidence of AIDS in the Soviet bloc countries
might be truly low, because travel restrictions limit the opportunity for
exposure to outsiders who might pass on the disease.  The 2,753 AIDS cases
reported from the United States make it the country with by far the largest
reported incidence of the disease. However, recent health statistics from New
York have hinted that the so-called ''doubling phenomenon,'' in which the number
of new cases doubles about every six months, may be easing off. ''What this
means, we're really not sure,'' Dr. Dowdle said. ''But we certainly hope it
means something.''

Meanwhile, however, the doubling phenomenon has appeared in Canada as well as
Europe.

Of the 50 AIDS cases reported so far in Canada, 15 were reported in 1982, 15 in
the first six months of 1983 and 20 from July to October, Dr. Alastair J.
Clayton, an official of the Laboratory for Disease Control in Ottawa, said.

Of the 50 cases, 43 were in men and 7 in women; 24 said they were homosexuals
and 22 heterosexuals, while in four cases data on sexual preference were
lacking.

Further, 26 of the 50 cases occurred in people born in Canada, and 18 among
Haitian immigrants. Among the Haitian immigrant patients, one acknowledged being
homosexual and 14 said they were heterosexuals.

Twenty-one, or 42 percent, of the 50 cases had resulted in death by Nov. 18.
This figure compares with a 41 percent overall fatality rate for reported AIDS
cases in the United States. However, the death rate for American patients has
risen in the months following diagnosis. For those who have had the disease for
about two years, the death rate is more than 90 percent.

The doubling phenomenon is evident from the European statistics in which the
number of diagnosed cases rose from 2 in 1979 to 10 in 1980, 17 in 1981, 67 in
1982 and 164 so far this year.

The European totals include 59 cases in people who were born in Africa. In
France and Belgium, more than half the reported cases were among people from
five African countries, Zaire, Congo, Mali, Gabon and Rwanda. The French total
of 94 also includes 10 Haitians.

The diagnosis in Europe of so many cases among Africans led to a study carried
out in Zaire in recent weeks by a team of researchers from the United States and
Belgium in cooperation with the Government of Zaire. The American researchers
represented the Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta and the National
Institutes of Health in Bethesda, Md.

By searching through hospital records and by using other epidemiological
techniques, the researchers found evidence that AIDS cases have been occurring
in central Africa for as long as they have been recognized in the United States.

The researchers also found that cases in Zaire affected as many women as men,
Dr. Dowdle said.

A similar pattern has been reported among Haitians who have developed AIDS. From
one-quarter to one-third of the Haitians who developed the disease, either in
Haiti or after they had moved to the United States, have been women. Haiti
itself has reported 202 cases.

These data suggested to several participants that AIDS may be transmitted not
only by homosexual practices but also by other as yet unknown ways.

Many cases reported in several countries seem to represent imported cases -
people who apparently acquired the disease in countries reporting larger numbers
of cases. For that reason, some countries contend that AIDS is an American
problem.

British health officials, for example, have said there is no evidence of an
epidemic of AIDS in their country. Although AIDS in Britain may be
underreported, British officials told the World Health Organization that the
fact that several British AIDS patients had had contact with AIDS patients in
the United States ''suggests instead that the present United Kingdom situation
is simply part of the American epidemic.''

There was a hint from a separate development in Britain that AIDS may have been
occurring for at least two decades.

In 1960, three doctors from the Manchester Royal Infirmary reported in The
Lancet the case of a 25- year-old man who had been ill with various infections
since 1957. From retrospective reasoning, it now appears, he could have had
AIDS. In a letter in The Lancet of Nov. 12, 1983, the same doctors called
attention to their earlier report. ''Perhaps AIDS is not a new disease,'' they
wrote. ''Rare examples may in the past have masqueraded under various
diagnoses.''

One bright note in an otherwise bleak situation was a report about hepatitis B,
a health problem that threatens many of the same people who are at high risk of
contracting AIDS.

Researchers reported that, despite earlier fears, there was no evidence that
AIDS or any other infection could be spread by hepatitis B vaccine. Those fears
had arisen because the licensed hepatitis B vaccine is derived from the blood of
chronic hepatitis B carriers, many of whom are homosexual men.

Nevertheless, the potential spread of AIDS through other blood products, as well
as whole-blood transfusions, still concerns many doctors.

Hemophiliacs, for example, depend on injections of a blood substance called
Factor 8 to prevent them from bleeding to death.

Dr. James W. Curran, head of the Centers for Disease Control's AIDS task force,
said that in the United States 20 cases of AIDS had been reported among
hemophiliacs. Because at least 9 other cases have developed among hemophiliacs
elsewhere, some countries have restricted the import of Factor 8 produced in the
United States.

The debates at the meeting centered on whether the potential spread of AIDS
through blood products was a major problem and what studies were needed to look
at the issue. The group called for more research and affirmed existing standards
for blood products previously set by the World Health Organization.

The different epidemiologic pattern of AIDS that has emerged from studies in
Africa and the Caribbean has led many researchers to speculate that AIDS may not
really be as lethal as it seems. Dr. Dowdle, for one, emphasized that because
the diagnosis of AIDS is based on an arbitrary definition set by the Centers for
Disease Control, the reported cases probably represent the most lethal forms of
the disease.

''If AIDS is like any other infectious disease, which indeed it might be,'' Dr.
Dowdle said, ''one may expect an entire spectrum of illness and we may find that
many people have it without coming down with fully developed cases.''

If doctors learn that AIDS indeed occurs in much milder forms and that many
people recover naturally from such silent infections, the extremely high death
rate now reported may fall to a much lower figure.

Doctors now have no laboratory test to diagnose AIDS, and the potential for
creating one largely depends on discovering the cause of AIDS. Most scientists
say they believe it is caused by an infectious agent. The most likely prospect
is a virus, and there are about as many candidate viruses as there are
virologists studying the disease.

One possible reason why scientists are having difficulty in detecting the
putative virus is that AIDS is characterized by a depletion of certain types of
blood cells, called T-lymphocyte cells. The hypothesis is that whatever causes
AIDS has attacked these cells; but because there are so few, it may be difficult
to find evidence of the virus in them.

Without a laboratory test and identification of the causative agent, doctors can
neither determine the natural history of the disease nor try to solve the
mystery of where AIDS came from.

That and other goals may be nearer. As AIDS has been detected in a growing
number of countries, more researchers in more laboratories have joined the
scientific army seeking the cause and cure of the disease.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Table of AIDS cases in Europe

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             892 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 9, 1983, Friday, Late City Final Edition

MAKERS OF HEARING AIDS SEE WIDER ACCEPTANCE

BYLINE: By STEVEN J. MARCUS

SECTION: Section D; Page 1, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 852 words


Hearing aids have never been something that people want to be seen wearing. But
when President Reagan wore one in public for the first time Wednesday, the
industry that makes the devices got a boost in its long battle for public
acceptance.

In fact, only 12.4 percent of the nation's more than 20 million hearing-
impaired people wear hearing aids, according to the National Center for Health
Statistics. What the President now carries in his ear is the latest in
technology built by Starkey Laboratories of Minneapolis, one of the leading
makers of hearing aids in the United States.

The President's custom-made unit, which cost about $1,000, is a ''canal''
hearing aid that fits compactly and discreetly into the ear canal. It is the
newest and smallest variation in the trend toward miniaturization of a product
whose size and degree of obviousness are as important as function.

Hearing aids have come a long way from the obtrusive and heavy devices that most
people remember ''as having put holes in their grandfather's pockets,'' said
Carol Rogin, director of market development of the Hearing Industries
Association. Such ''body'' hearing aids now account for only 1.8 percent of the
aids in use, a survey by the National Hearing Aid Society found. Another
obsolescent type, accounting for 3.6 percent of the market, is the ''eyeglass''
hearing aid, in which the device is placed in a thick eyeglass frame.

The leading hearing aid is the ''behind-the-ear'' unit, which has 52.4 percent
of the market. ''In-the-ear'' devices have 42.2 percent and are growing in
popularity, up from 37.8 percent in 1981. In addition, many in the field view
the in-the-ear, or canal, hearing aid as a device that will help expand the
market. They say hearing-impaired people who previously rejected wearing any aid
because the devices were visible are turning to the canal aid,

''It's the hottest thing on the market,'' said Lois White, a spokesman for the
National Hearing Aid Society, because it is ''practically invisible.''

A Production Challenge

Starkey, which makes in-the-ear models exclusively, is more cautious. Dale
Thorstad, vice president of operations, says that the property of canal hearing
aids that makes them so attractive - their extreme smallness - will limit their
production volume. The devices are so small that amplifiers are 40-thousandths
of an inch wide. That miniaturization makes them difficult to produce with
sufficient quality control, in large numbers and at competitive prices. Only
25,000 canal aids will be sold this year, Mr. Thorstad estimated.

Hearing-aid sales have been steadily growing even without such improvements.
More than 854,000 were sold in 1982, according to statistics compiled by the
Hearing Industries Association; typical unit sales in the early and mid-1970's
were 500,000 a year. Starkey's Mr. Thorstad estimates that more than 1 million
units will be sold in 1983.

Several Producers in Minneapolis

The hearing-aid industry consists of about 50 companies in the United States and
another 30 foreign manufacturers. The American market, industry specialists say,
is served mostly by domestic sources. Seven companies in the Minneapolis area
account for half the American production.

The Minneapolis companies are descendants of the original American manufacturers
of modern hearing aids, Maico and Telex, both of which were founded there in the
1930's and are still in business. The others include Starkey, Dahlberg
Electronics, Qualitone (which, according to Starkey, respectively rank first,
third and fourth among American hearing- aid makers), HSI and Argosy. Two other
major manufacturers are Beltone Electronics of Chicago, the nation's second
largest, and Audiotone of Phoenix, which ranks about fifth.

Because most of these companies are privately held, sales and profits figures
are generally unavailable. But given that the retail prices of hearing aids
range from $350 to $600 and that Starkey estimates its sales this year at
200,000 units worldwide, the company's revenues may total about $100 million.
Similarly, the American market would be worth about $500 million.

''A Portable Amplifier''

Canal hearing aids, and the general class of in-the-ear devices they improve
upon, are regarded by specialists as evolutionary changes rather than
technological breakthroughs, in that they profit from advances in electronics
that permit steadily increasing miniaturization. ''A hearing aid is basically a
portable amplifier complete with microphone, receiver and power source,'' said
Dr. Steven C. White, an audiologist with the American Speech-Language and
Hearing Association In Washington. ''The problem has always been to get them to
fit and to last.''

The canal hearing aid being worn by the President boasts an amplifier, as
Starkey officials put it, ''the size of a pencil point.'' The microphone and
receiver, made by Knowles Electronics in Chicago, which supplies most hearing-
aid makers in the world, are of comparable size. All together, Mr. Thorstad
said, an in-the-ear hearing aid weighs only a couple of grams.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of hearing aid; Graph of demand for hearing aids

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             893 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Copyright (c) 1985 Hofstra Law Review
                               Hofstra Law Review

                                   FALL, 1985

                             14 Hofstra L. Rev. 193

LENGTH: 7928 words

LAW, SOCIAL POLICY, AND CONTAGIOUS DISEASE: A SYMPOSIUM ON ACQUIRED IMMUNE
DEFICIENCY SYNDROME (AIDS): AIDS: SOCIAL MEANINGS AND LEGAL RAMIFICATIONS.

NAME: Janet L. Dolgin *

BIO:



   * Assistant Professor of Law, Hofstra University School of Law. B.A., Barnard
College; M.A., Ph.D., Princeton University; J.D., Yale University.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS) is already overdetermined. ...
Judges and legislators have already faced a number of dilemmas posed by AIDS
which necessitate the delineation of a concrete boundary between the state's
responsibility to protect public health and the individual's right to be
protected from governmental intrusion. ... To continue with the example of
cancer as metaphor and metaphor as cancer, the disease, originally analogized to
war, comes to be understood as war. ...  AIDS, like cancer and tuberculosis
before it, is "used to propose new, critical standards of individual health, and
to express a sense of dissatisfaction with society as such." ...  The court,
quoting from treatises on public health, and relying on the scientific theory of
typhoid fever transmissibility, stressed the medical rationale as clear
legitimation for the quarantine regulation. ...  The development of a sage
governmental response to AIDS involves locating the "compelling point" at which
regulation can or must be imposed, recognizing that such a point will shift as
medical knowledge about the disease grows, and perceiving that popular
conceptions of AIDS, infused by fear and elaborated through the powers of
metaphor, can distort the process of developing an effective response.

TEXT:
 [*193]  INTRODUCTION

   Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS) is already overdetermined.  n1 A
mysterious disease, its origins murky, its cure unknown, its prognosis fatal,
AIDS enters a universe where health has become tantamount to salvation.  n2 AIDS
presents a major challenge to the medical and legal establishments, not simply
because it is deadly but because it calls into question society's assumptions
about health and disease.  Consequently, the reactions of law and medicine to
disease must be reformulated.

   The average AIDS patient dies within thirteen to eighteen months of
diagnosis,  n3 and during that time, there is little beyond good nursing care
that can be provided to relieve suffering or improve the likelihood of cure.  n4
Medicine's primary contribution to combatting AIDS has been the identification
of the causative virus  n5 and the consequent development of a test for AIDS
antibodies.  n6 Few  [*194]  definitive conclusions can be drawn from a positive
test for AIDS antibodies.  n7 The prognosis for the individual and the risk such
an individual poses to others remain uncertain.

   Judges and legislators have already faced a number of dilemmas posed by AIDS
which necessitate the delineation of a concrete boundary between the state's
responsibility to protect public health and the individual's right to be
protected from governmental intrusion.  n8 The legal dilemmas are exacerbated
because decisions must be made in the absence of adequate medical knowledge
about the cause, epidemiology or treatment of the disease.  Moreover, judicial
and legislative decisions are being made in a context in which fears about the
disease, and metaphors originating from it, are powerful  n9 and work to cloud
legal categorizations and preclude objective evaluations.  n10

   The promulgation and interpretation of rules and regulations related to AIDS
demands awareness of the most recent medical knowledge and sensitivity to
popular conceptions of the disease.  As medical knowledge about AIDS grows,
governmental justifications for regulating behavior will shift.  In order to
separate medical knowledge from fear and scientific discourse from panic
inspired by media or sustained by people's images of AIDS patients, it is
necessary to examine the assumptions through which AIDS is understood and
interpreted in the society.

    [*195]  I.  SOCIETY'S UNDERSTANDING OF AIDS

   The human body has frequently served as a source of memtaphors about society.
n11 The boundaries of the body provide useful models in many cultures for
considering and explaining the boundaries of the social order.

   A.  The Symbolism of Disease

   The English anthropologist Mary Douglas argues that in order to understand
rituals throughout the world involving excreta, breast milk, saviva and other
products of the body, it is necessary "to see in the body a symbol of society,
and to see the powers and dangers credited to social structure reproduced in
small on the human body."  n12 Correlatively, disorders in society may be
analogized to disorders in the body.  Certain diseases provide extensive
metaphors about social processes and interactions.  Cancer and tuberculosis have
been two such diseases.  n13

   Metaphors built around a disease and describing social processes  n14 play
back into conceptions of the disease and of people diagnosed as having it.
Cancer is used to describe "the biggest enemy, the furthest goal."  n15
"Cancer," writes Susan Sontag, "is now in the service of a simplistic view of
the world that can turn paranoid."  n16 Tumors are designated malignant, and
describing someone or something as cancerous is "an incitement to violence."
n17 The disease is comprehended through the use of social metaphors (e.g.
militaristic metaphors),  n18 but with use such metaphors may lose their
analogic quality and become "reality." To continue with the example of cancer as
metaphor and metaphor as cancer, the disease, originally analogized to war,
comes to be understood as war.  As such, cancer itself can become the central
symbol in a metaphor used to  [*196]  describe other social processes.  These
doubly refurbished metaphors may then be applied again to the disease,
reinforcing the "reality" that cancer is war.  n19

   Mysterious and serious diseases like tuberculosis in the nineteenth and early
twentieth centuries, cancer in the mid-twentieth century,  n20 and AIDS today,
are especially apt to be a source and object for metaphor.  n21 The meanings
that attend such diseases frequently impose responsibility and implicate
morality and notions of pollution.  Frequently in history, contact with someone
suffering from a serious disease for which there was no known cause or certain
cure has been feared as a source of moral pollution.  This was true of
tuberculosis, now known to be infectious, and of cancer, known not to be
contagious.  n22 It was true of the plague, which devastated Europe before
bacterial infection was understood, and of leprosy; in the Middle Ages, lepers
were denied civil rights and social acknowledgement through rigid rules, but
such rules were frequently cancelled on special religious occasions such as
Christmas and the Pentecost.  n23 And it is true of AIDS.

   In the West, notions of pollution are closely linked with morality.  n24
Carriers of pollution are considered responsible for their own plight.  n25 The
moral correlates of disease vary with the symptoms of each particular disease
and with the social patterns, fears and conflicts of the larger society.
Tuberculosis was associated with an over-abundance of passion; cancer has been
linked with the opposite state, the repression of emotional life.  n26 In both
cases, behavior was thought to cause disease.  n27

    [*197]  B.  The Metaphors and Symbolism of AIDS

   AIDS is what Susan Sontag would label a "master illness."  n28 It is serious,
novel, uncertain, and affects specific sociologically defined groups more than
others.  AIDS, like cancer and tuberculosis before it, is "used to propose new,
critical standards of individual health, and to express a sense of
dissatisfaction with society as such."  n29

   1.  Metaphors of Causation. -- Popular conceptions of AIDS, in large part
stimulated by media reports, stress both a theory of causation based on
contagion and a theory of causation based on personal morality.  AIDS is
conceived to be the result of individual excesses and imbalance and to be
dangerously contagious.  n30

   The association of AIDS in the United States with "high-risk groups,"  n31
defined by behavior rather than by passive factors such as genetics or
environment, encourages the notion that those who suffer from the disease bear
responsibility.  n32 Labelled "divine retribution"  n33 and the "gay plague,"
n34 AIDS is linked with homosexual promiscuity and illegal drug use.  More
generally, the disease is associated with the defiance of both normal family
life and socially approved forms of sexuality.  In addition to the delineated
high-risk groups,  [*198]  prostitution may be a conduit of AIDS, and some male
AIDS patients not identified with a risk group report a personal history of
frequenting prostitutes.  n35 In the American imagination, prostitution sits
between, and serves both, normality and marginality.  Prostitution is illegal
and morally suspect, but our culture tolerates prostitution as permissible for
heterosexual men.  n36

   The popular belief that AIDS victims cause their own illness coexists with
the fear, verging on panic, that AIDS will enter the general population.  The
sense of "them" and "us" has been encouraged by responses of the federal
government to AIDS.  In April 1985, Margaret Heckler, then Secretary of Health
and Human Services, speaking at an international conference on AIDS sponsored by
the United States Public Health Service and the World Health Organization,
announced that the government hoped to find a cure for AIDS "before it spreads
into the general population."  n37

   Evidence now available indicates that AIDS is transmissible sexually and
through the blood but probably cannot be spread through casual contact such as
kissing, sharing silverware or sitting next to an AIDS patient on the bus.  n38
Yet, people fear contact with AIDS patients and with persons in risk groups.
These fears are fueled by the media.  n39 Tabloids specialize in lurid stories
about "innocent" AIDS victims.  n40 In July 1985, Life Magazine carried a cover
story on AIDS, announcing that "Now No One is Safe from  [*199]  AIDS."  n41 In
fact, all of the AIDS patients featured in the story were members of identified
risk groups (e.g., a child who had had a blood transfusion, a hemophiliac) or
had had sexual relations with individuals in risk groups.  The reality reported
in this story -- that only specific behaviors and activities appear to cause
AIDS -- conflicts with the headline's proclamation that "no one is safe from
AIDS."  n42

   Fears of contracting AIDS, a disease that can be communicated through a
limited number of specific channels, are augmented and generalized through the
population by the production, largely media-inspired, of associated images and
fears.  These include the belief that homosexuality is polluting and immoral,
that drug abusers endanger the public through criminal activity and, more
generally, that people with AIDS have offended the moral order."  n43 The
boundary between Self and Other  n44 is doubly threatened.  Middle Americans
identify AIDS with groups to which they do not belong but which portend moral or
physical danger.  n45 This identification engenders and sustains the association
of AIDS with a threatening Other.  Conceptions of AIDS suggest a return to an
understanding of disease, largely absent in the United States since World War
II, linking disease with morality, rather than with germs or physical processes
in the body.  When disease is thought to exist outside the body, in the moral as
well as the physical universe, social relationships are implicated.
Understandings of disease can provide new ways to name or redefine the character
of social boundaries and the relations between Self and Other.

   Antibiotics and technological medicine have attenuated the power of disease
to represent good and evil and to provide metaphors for the relationships that
exist between various groups within the society.  [*200]  Popular conceptions of
cancer are an exception, but in the last decade even cancer has decreasing
importance as a metaphor, as a result of the development of new forms of
treatment which offer the hope and, frequently, the reality of cure.  n46
Noncontagious diseases, including arthritis, hypertension, cancer and diabetes,
may be taken to imply some truth about their victims, or may be used as
metaphoric representations of some aspect of the world.  Such truths and
metaphors, however, tend to be individualistic.  They are not linked to notions
of relationships or, correlatively, to notions of the boundaries between Self
and Other.  n47 Most contagious diseases, including tuberculosis, polio, and
measles, are now curable or preventable and thus have minimal metaphoric value.
Even those illnesses which continue to carry multiple, metaphoric meanings are
seldom used to comment on relationship, or on the way people understand
themselves as people and relate to other groups of people.  Disease and health
are now primarily conceived of as individual phenomena and processes.  Absolved
by modern medicine, the sick-role no longer has moral correlates.  n48 Medical
cures have been appropriated as a kind of salvation through technology.  n49

   AIDS upsets such morally neutral, individualized conceptions of disease and
provides a ground for the creation of metaphors that characterize certain
relationships between the individual and the group in our society.  n50 AIDS is
always deadly and cannot be controlled medically.  n51 Identification of the
AIDS virus may offer hope that a vaccine to prevent AIDS or an antiviral agent
to cure it may be found but does not guarantee that end.  n52 Gayling Gee, the
head nurse at the San Francisco General Hospital AIDS clinic, one of the best in
the country, testifying before a congressional subcommittee in July 1985,
asserted that her clinic was "offering patients the best  [*201]  that medicine
now has to offer them, and we are offering them nothing."  n53

   2.  The Sociology of AIDS. -- AIDS describes a terrible illness, and almost
at once, connotes marginality within the social order.  The disease has come to
define and encompass those who suffer from it.  AIDS is perceived as opaque,
threatening and contagious, and these characteristics are imputed to AIDS
patients.  The characteristics through which the disease and individuals sick
with it are understood are being generalized to the groups qua groups with which
AIDS is linked, the so-called risk groups.  This process of symbolic
generalization, facilitated by panic, has obvious sociological ramifications.
n54

   The reality of the disease is used to reinforce and justify stereotypical
notions about people marginal to mainstream patterns and about homosexuals in
particular.  Presently, a diagnosis of AIDS can become a "diagnosis" of social
marginality.  The military, for example, has tried to use positive test results
for AIDS antibodies to discharge individuals on the grounds that they are
homosexuals.  n55 AIDS magnifies the stigma already attached to individuals
belonging to risk groups and can be used to justify more pervasive
discrimination.

   In other societies, terrifying illnesses were linked with marginal social
groups which then became scapegoats.  In the Middle Ages, plague epidemics were
linked with fringe groups that were not fully integrated into the community.
Initial accusations by commonfolk against the nobility were transformed, through
the nobility's initiative, into accusations against Jews, tens of thousands of
whom were killed or burned in the fourteenth century.  n56 Where no Jews could
be  [*202]  found, gravediggers, beggars or cripples served as scapegoats.  n57
The edpidemiological pattern that AIDS presents in the United States  n58
suggests a set of accusations which, appearing to be grounded in fact, are as
irrational as the accusations that were made during the epidemics of the
fourteenth century.  Fear of AIDS reinforces fear of marginality which, in turn,
leads to redefinitions of the disease.

   III.  THE MEANING OF AIDS AND THE LAW'S RESPONSE

   In order for the legal system to deal wisely with the difficulties AIDS
presents, judges and lawmakers must be cognizant of the metaphoric value that
AIDS carries, the associations it evokes and the dangers that these
understandings can pose to legal decision and interpretation.

   A.  Legal Dilemmas Posed by AIDS

   AIDS raises legal questions, of constitutional dimensions, in three broad
areas.  The answers to these questions can affect the public, and the lives of
individuals with the disease.

   First, questions involving the treatment, including the possible isolation,
of AIDS patients, of individuals testing positive for AIDS antibodies and of
people in risk groups, may set the government's power and need to protect public
health against the individual's right to liberty.  A continuum of possible
governmental responses, imposing increasing restrictions on liberty, can be
outlined.  At the lower end of the continuum, restrictions could be placed on
the operation of homosexual bathhouses; in several cities, this has already been
done.  n59 Further along the continuum, AIDS patients could be barred from
public places, including schools and offices.  The most extreme imposition would
involve a quarantine of AIDS patients.  n60

    [*203]  Second, the right of the individual to privacy  n61 can be affected
by state responses to AIDS.  For instance, individuals could be forcibly
examined or asked to submit to AIDS testing.  Again, possible governmental
responses fall on a continuum.  Testing could be voluntary or mandatory.  It
could be required in certain contexts (e.g., when donating blood) but not in
others (e.g., when applying for health insurance).  Also at issue is the level
of confidentiality that will be applied to positive test results.

   Third, a number of questions surround the rights of AIDS patients to equal
treatment  n62 in matters such as health insurance, hospital  [*204]  care,
ambulance service, public benefits and housing.  n63

   B.  Notions of Disease and the Government's Power to Protect Public Health

   To identify a serious disease as an epidemic -- a disease that is pervasive
within a locality, that is probably contagious and that may spread rapidly -- is
to justify the state's power to impose regulations.  The question remains as to
which regulations are permissible.

   As a social event, an epidemic disease collectivizes and thereby makes it
appear that a community has been created from previously unrelated individuals
and that the members of this community share one reality.  n64 It creates new
boundaries between Self and Other and, like the Cold War or a nuclear accident,
grips everyone.  An epidemic is an event existing apart from the underlying
disease.  Any medical response to an epidemic as a collective event --
invariably a political response -- requires the support and intervention of the
state.  n65

   1.  Past Efforts to Contain Epidemic Diseases. -- For centuries local and
state authorities promulgated restrictions deemed appropriate to contain
epidemic diseases.  In the Middle Ages, maritime quarantines were imposed
against ships and travelers coming from areas affected by the plague.  n66 In
fourteenth century Venice, a council of three supervised the isolation of all
suspected goods and people at an island in the lagoon, and in the same century,
in Milan, victims of the plague were taken to a field to recover or die.  n67

   When syphilis appeared in Europe at the end of the fifteenth century, several
cities expelled prostitutes.  Others, such as Faenza,  [*205]  required
prostitutes to be examined and deprived of the right to work if found to be ill.
n68 In Rome, barbers were prohibited from accepting clients with syphilis and in
Venice, all syphilitics were required to accept treatment at the Hospital for
Incurables.  n69

   Before the development of the nation-state, the regulation of health and
disease remained a local undertaking.  By the eighteenth century, health was
discussed as a national responsibility to be affected through the creation of
medical police, involving a public health policy and its actualization through
an administrative apparatus.  n70

   The character of national public health administrations was profoundly
altered by the development, in the late nineteenth century, of the science of
bacteriology.  Scientific knowledge about the nature of infectious disease and
the modes of its communication facilitated the enactment of specific rules
regarding quarantine and sanitation.  n71 In particular, after the discoveries
of Louis Pasteur,  n72 Robert Koch,  n73 and other regarding the cause of
infections disease, control of disease and protection of health became rational
concerns.  Governmental regulations could be based on knowledge which justified,
even mandated, such action.  Further, concrete benefits began to accrue as a
result of public health measures.  n74

   People have come to expect that regulation of health matters will be based on
demonstrated theories of causation and proven forms of treatment.  This
assumption is upset by AIDS to the extent that scientific theory and medical
fact do not suggest a substantial likelihood that proposed regulations will
succeed.

   2.  The Power of Government to Safeguard Public Health in the United States.
-- In the United States, regulation of public health is part of the police
power, impliedly reserved to the states through the  [*206]  tenth amendment.
n75 In addition, the federal government has significant power to regulate
foreign and interstate commerce  n76 and is empowered to collect taxes and to
use this money for the public welfare.  n77 The limits of government to
intervene in matters of health are reached when intervention is not commensurate
with the need.

   States and localities began to establish boards of health by the middle
nineteenth century.  n78 Following Koch's isolation of the organism that causes
tuberculosis, the New York City Health Department concluded that the disease was
communicable and preventable.  To control the spread of tuberculosis, the
Department began requiring public medical institutions, and then private
doctors, to report the names of tuberculosis patients.  n79 The federal
government generally left most public health matters to state and local
governments until the 1930's.  Congress did, however, establish the National
Board of Health in 1879, and expanded the Marine Hospital Service into the
United States Public Health Service in the early twentieth century.  During the
1918 swine flue epidemic, Congress recruited doctors and nurses and set up a
system of morbidity reporting.  n80

   In 1905, the Supreme Court, declaring constitutional a Massachusetts statute
mandating vaccination, sanctioned the authority of a state to use its police
power to effect "reasonable regulations established directly by legislative
enactment as will protect the public health and the public safety."  n81 Justice
Harlan, writing for the Court in Jacobson v. Massachusetts,  n82 recognized the
importance of the liberty interest involved but asserted that such interest must
yield in the face of the state's right "to secure the general comfort, health,
[*207]  and prosperity,"  n83 so long as the state does not act arbitrarily or
oppressively.  n84

   In dicta, the Court in Jacobson recognized the right of a state to impose
even more stringent measures than compulsory vaccination, including quarantine,
as a means of protecting public health.  n85 Courts deciding the quarantine
issue have been guided by the social, medical and legal peculiarities of each
case.  In 1922, the Illinois Supreme Court permitted the quarantine of a Chicago
boardinghouse keeper carrying the typhoid bacillus.  n86 The court, quoting from
treatises on public health, and relying on the scientific theory of typhoid
fever transmissibility, stressed the medical rationale as clear legitimation for
the quarantine regulation.  n87

   In Jew Ho v. Williamson,  n88 the circuit court, declaring a San Francisco
quarantine unconstitutional, based its decision in part on the fact that the
boundaries of the imposed quarantine, affecting residents of Chinatown, were
carefully delineated to exclude houses that did not belong to Chinese people.
This, said the court, was an "administration of a law 'with an evil eye and an
unequal hand.'"  n89

   Other courts have addressed issues concerning limits on the power of
government to regulate public health, including questions about whether
individuals suspected of having venereal disease could be examined involuntarily
n90 and about whether immunization could be made a prerequisite to school
attendance.  n91

   C.  Legal Implicationsof the Uncertainties About AIDS

   Medical assumptions that justified the compulsory immunization of school
children,  n92 a maritime quarantine to control cholera and yellow fever,  n93
or the quarantine of a rooming house in which the residents suffered from
typhoid fever,  n94 are largely absent in the  [*208]  case of AIDS.  Regardless
of whether these cases should have been decided as they were, or whether they
would be decided similarly today, in each of these cases a court presumably
acted on the basis of a judgment, grounded in medical evidence, that the program
in question would effect the desired goal.  In the case of AIDS, medical
showings preliminary to governmental regulation involve probabilities rather
than facts.

   Governmental regulations which threaten "fundamental rights"  n95 are
unconstitutional unless they further a "compelling state interest."  n96 Courts
are likely to decide that the state's interest in controlling AIDS is
compelling.  In Roe v. Wade,  n97 Justice Blackmun, writing for the Court,
stated that "a State may properly assert important interests in safeguarding
health, in maintaining medical standards, and in protecting potential life."
n98 Even when the state's interest is compelling, regulations limiting
fundamental rights must be "tailored to the recognized state interests."  n99

   In the case of AIDS, it will often be difficult to ensure that this last
requirement is met because medical knowledge is not yet adequate to guarantee
that particular state regulations intended to control or prevent AIDS will have
that effect.  At present, regulations concerning AIDS can only be judged by
taking uncertainty into account.

   Judges and legislators must be conscious of the significance of uncertainty
in decisions concerning AIDS, particularly in cases involving fundamental
rights.  Moreover, they must be aware that this uncertainty as to cause, cure
and prognosis, is inevitably exacerbated by popular conceptions of the disease
which have turned what might simply be a serious medical condition into a
significant symbol evoking fear and rage.  The symbolic correlates of AIDS pose
obvious pitfalls for lawmakers.  For instance, the link between AIDS and certain
groups, and the association of those groups with social marginality,  [*209]
suggests that governmental regulation concerning AIDS may limit unnecessarily
the fundamental rights of individuals in such groups.  Enlightened lawmaking
about AIDS depends upon the recognition by judges and legislators that AIDS is a
powerful symbol, and upon their continuing sensitivity to the shifting symbolic
meanings of the disease.

   Clear medical showings should become an integral prerequisite to all
governmental regulation and decision concerning AIDS.  Whatever medical
knowledge exists should be readily available to legislative and judicial forums.
Because medical knowledge about AIDS is likely to continue changing rapidly,
judges and legislators should have access to new knowledge, most felicitously
through the computerization of all information concerning the disease.

   CONCLUSION

   In the case of AIDS, the "compelling point"  n100 at which state regulation
infringing fundamental rights is justified will shift as medical understanding
of the disease develops.  Medical knowledge can only be utilized appropriately
in the promulgation of legislation if legislative and judicial forums are alert
to the significance of AIDS as a bearer of social meanings.  AIDS is a disease,
but it is more than that.  It has become a symbol of the social order, of
certain groups within society, of particular behaviors and particular responses
to behavior.  Moreover, the irrational fears surrounding AIDS are strengthened
by the rational fears that the real disease brings.  The development of a sage
governmental response to AIDS involves locating the "compelling point" at which
regulation can or must be imposed, recognizing that such a point will shift as
medical knowledge about the disease grows, and perceiving that popular
conceptions of AIDS, infused by fear and elaborated through the powers of
metaphor, can distort the process of developing an effective response.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Energy & Utilities LawNuclear Power IndustryGeneral OverviewMilitary & Veterans
LawMilitary OffensesSafe-Sex OffensesPublic Health & Welfare
LawHealthcareCommunicable Diseases

FOOTNOTES:




n1  To call AIDS overdetermined is to say that it is a symbol as well as a
disease and that it is a symbol which bears a heavy baggage of meanings.  Freud
used the term overdetermination to refer to the representation of a large number
of dream-thoughts in one image and to the transference of psychical value from a
central image to other, apparently trivial, images.  S. FREUD, THE
INTERPRETATION OF DREAMS 342-43 (5th printing 1968).




n2  See M. FOUCAULT, THE BIRTH OF THE CLINIC: AN ARCHEOLOGY OF MEDICAL
PERCEPTION 198 (1975).




n3  See Leishman, A Crisis in Public Health, THE ATLANTIC, Oct. 1985, at 18, 34.




n4  See id. at 20.




n5  Researchers at the National Institutes of Health in Washington, D.C. called
the AIDS virus human T-lymphotropic virus type III (HTLV-III), and French
researchers at the Pasteur Institute in Paris called it
lymphadenopathy-associated virus (LAV).  FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION, DEP'T OF
HEALTH & HUMAN SERVS., 15 FDA DRUG BULL.  27 (1985).




n6  The test, an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA or EIA), detects the
presence of antibodies to the AIDS antigen.  Id. See also AIDS: What Is To Be
Done?, HARPER'S MAGAZINE, Oct. 1985, at 39, 41 [hereinafter cited as AIDS Forum]
(the test does not detect the disease, but only the antibodies formed when
someone has been exposed to the virus) (statement of Dr. Mathilde Krim made
during a forum among a group of public health officials, physicians, scientists,
and medical historians sponsored by Harper's Magazine).




n7  See Levine & Bayer, Screening Blood: Public Health and Medical Uncertainty,
in AIDS: THE EMERGING ETHICAL DILEMMAS, HASTINGS CENTER REP., Aug. 1985, at 8,
10 (special supplement).




n8  See, e.g., Hyland Therapeutics v. Superior Court, No. H001204, H000728 (Cal.
Ct. App. Dec. 10, 1985) (available Feb. 12, 1986, on LEXIS, States library, Cal.
file) (language of California Health and Safety Code precludes holding blood
product manufacturers strictly liable for death of hemophiliac who contracted
AIDS following treatment with blood products); South Fla. Blood Serv., Inc. v.
Rasmussen, 467 So. 2d 798 (Fla. Dist. Ct. App. 1985) (privacy interest of blood
donors and society's interest in strong volunteer blood donation program
precludes respondent from obtaining names of donors who might have been
responsible for donating blood that transmitted AIDS to respondent blood donee);
LaRocca v. Dalsheim, 120 Misc. 2d 697, 467 N.Y.S.2d 302 (Sup. Ct. 1983) (court
refuses to issue an injunction against creating an AIDS center at Downstate
Correctional Facility in Fishkill, finding State had no such plan, and refuses
to grant petitioners' request that all movement in or out of the facility be
stopped until examinations be conducted for AIDS).




n9  See infra notes 30-53 and accompanying text.




n10  See, e.g., Afraids, THE NEW REPUBLIC, Oct. 14, 1985, at 7.  Afraids is an
acronym for Acute Fear Regarding AIDS, so named because the disease has spawned
a second epidemic of hysteria, ostracism, discrimination, and violence.  Id.




n11  M. DOUGLAS, PURITY AND DANGER 114-15 (1966).




n12  Id. at 115.




n13  See S. SONTAG, ILLNESS AS METAPHOR (1978).




n14 " If disease is an expression of individual life under unfavorable
conditions," wrote Rudolf Virchow in 1849, "then epidemics must be indicative of
major disturbances of mass life." R. VIRCHOW, DIE EINHEITSBESTREBUNGEN IN DER
WISSENSCHAFTLICHEN MEDICIN 46 (1849), quoted in G. ROSEN, What Is Social
Medicine?, in FROM MEDICAL POLICE TO SOCIAL MEDICINE: ESSAYS ON THE HISTORY OF
HEALTH CARE 66 (1974).




n15  S. SONTAG, supra note 13, at 69.




n16  Id.




n17  Id. at 84.




n18  Id. at 64.  Cancer "invades." There is a "war on cancer." Cancer cells
"colonize." Effective therapy is "radical." Patients are "bombarded" with toxic
rays during radiotherapy.  Id. at 64-67.




n19  See Magdoff & Dolgin, The Invisible Event, in SYMBOLIC ANTHROPOLOGY: A
READER IN THE STUDY OF SYMBOLS AND MEANINGS 352 n.4 (J. Dolgin, D. Kemnitzer &
D. Schneider eds. 1977) (defining metaphor).




n20  S. SONTAG, supra note 13, at 5.




n21  Syphilis, although horrible, did not generate a world of metaphor, even
before the discovery of antibiotics, because the cause of the disease was clear.
See id. at 59-60.




n22  Id. at 6-7.




n23  See G. ROSEN, A HISTORY OF PUBLIC HEALTH 65 (1958).




n24  See M. DOUGLAS, supra note 11, at 129-39.  In the West, unlike other social
orders such as traditional caste India, purity and pollution are encompassed by,
understood through, and are usually less significant than notions of good and
evil.  Id.




n25  See S. SONTAG, supra note 13, at 46-48.




n26  See id. at 20-23.




n27  The apparent contradiction between disease as contagion, the result of
contact, and disease as a response to personal imbalance is often mitigated when
claims about causation are examined in context.  The two sorts of explanations
represent variant fears and have different referents.  Those who are sick can
communicate their disease, their pollution, through contact with others who are
well.  But each individual already so diseased may be seen as responsible for
having become ill.




n28  See S. SONTAG, supra note 13, at 72.




n29  Id. at 72-73.




n30  See, e.g., AIDS Forum, supra note 6, at 39 (when AIDS began to claim
victims in large numbers, "various moral authorities took solace in the
observation that its victims, most of whom were homosexuals or drug addicts,
seemed well chosen for divine retribution"); Afraids, supra note 10, at 7.  A
recent New York Times/CBS poll revealed that substantial portions of the United
States population believe that AIDS can be transmitted by a shared drinking
glass (47%), a contaminated toilet seat (28%), a carrier's touch (12%), or a
shared office environment (12%).  Id. A Washington Post poll revealed that 34%
of those polled believed it is unsafe to associate with AIDS victims, while
another 22% were uncertain.  Id.




n31  Approximately five percent of AIDS cases have not been linked with
particular "risk groups." Of the remaining cases, about 73% have been homosexual
and bisexual men with multiple partners; 17% have been intravenous drug users;
3% have been hemophiliacs or others receiving blood transfusions; 1% have been
heterosexuals who had sexual contacts with infected individuals; 1% have been
children who acquired the disease in utero or during birth.  See N.Y. STATE
DEP'T OF HEALTH, ACQUIRED IMMUNE DEFICIENCY SYNDROME: 100 QUESTIONS & ANSWERS
1-2 (1985) [hereinafter cited as 100 QUESTIONS].




n32  Haitians, originally included as a high-risk group for AIDS, were an
exception in this regard in that the group was defined as a national or ethnic
entity, not through particular behaviors of its members.  However, Haitians are
no longer generally included as a separate risk group precisely because cases
among Haitians were linked with the same behaviors as other cases.  Id. at 2.




n33  See AIDS Forum, supra note 6, at 39.




n34  P. Ohlendorf, Breakthrough Against a Modern Plague, MACLEAN'S, Feb. 4,
1985, at 47.




n35  See Allen, Epidemilogy of Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome and
Infection: Human T-Lymphotropic Virus/Lympha-Denopathy-Associated Virus
(HTLV-III/LAV), in AIDS: LEGAL ASPECTS OF A MEDICAL CRISIS 15, 20 (1985).
Prostitutes may become infected with AIDS as a result of drug use or through
sexual contact with men carrying the AIDS antibody.  The importance of
prostitution in transmitting the AIDS virus in the United States is still
undefined.  Id. at 20.




n36  V. BULLOGH, THE HISTORY OF PROSTITUTION 258-60 (1964).




n37  See Bazell, Waking Up to AIDS, THE NEW REPUBLIC, May 13, 1985, at 17, 18.
But see AIDS Forum, supra note 6, at 43 (concentrating on gay and bisexual men
obscures fact that AIDS has been present in the general population from the
beginning).




n38  See AIDS Forum, supra note 6, at 43 (statement of Dr. Mathilde Krim, chair
of the board of trustees of the AIDS Medical Foundation); Allen, supra note 35,
at 21.




n39  See, e.g., Seligmann, Hager & Raine, AIDS: The Saliva Scare, NEWSWEEK Oct.
22, 1984, at 103.  Newsweek, reporting that AIDS does not seem to be
transmissible through saliva, provided the crucial information in a sentence
which appeared to belie the point: "Though most experts believe that
transmission of AIDS through saliva is an unlikely route, the epidemic continues
to rage, with more than 6,000 cases reported in the United States since 1981."
Id. at 103.




n40  Reactions vary, but fear of AIDS has affected schools, offices, the
military, and people simply travelling in public places.  Roman Catholic
parishioners attending mass expressed concern about being asked to share wine
from a communion cup. N.Y. Times, Dec. 8, 1985, § 1A, at 46, col. 1.




n41  The New Victims, LIFE, July 1985, at cover, 12.




n42  Id.




n43  See supra notes 30-36 and accompanying text.




n44  People generally conceive of themselves as sharing parts of their
identities with some people, and as being unlike other people.  The concepts of
Self and Other are basic to ideologies, and a group which shares an identity
will share an ideology, at least implicitly.  Dolgin, Kemnitzer & Schneider, As
People Express Their Lives, So They Are, in SYMBOLIC ANTHROPOLOGY: A READER IN
THE STUDY OF SYMBOLS AND MEANINGS, supra note 20, at 39-40.  See generally J. P.
SARTRE, CRITIQUE OF DIALECTICAL REASON (1976).  People in different societies
have developed different notions of Self and Other.  These conceptions are
reflected in a society's "systems of law, religion, customs, social structures
and mentality." Mauss, A Category of the Human Mind: The Notion of Person; The
Notion of Self, in THE CATEGORY OF THE PERSON 1, 3 (M. Carrithers, S. Collins, &
S. Lukes eds. 1985).




n45  See Bazell, supra note 37, at 19 (pondering whether middle Americans would
resist immunizing their children if an AIDS vaccine did exist because the
disease evokes images of "the bathhouses, leather bars, and shooting galleries
of New York and San Francisco").




n46  S. SONTAG, supra note 13, at 86-87.




n47  Ivan Illich calls these diseases the "modern epidemics." Although
"epidemic" in geography, these diseases differ from other, earlier epidemic
diseases in that they are perceived as individual phenomena rather than as
communicable ills.  See I. ILLICH, MEDICAL NEMESIS 16-20 (1976).




n48  See Parsons, Illness and the Role of the Physician: A Sociological
Perspective, in PERSONALITY IN NATURE, SOCIETY, AND CULTURE 609-13 (C.
Kluckhohn, H. Murray & D. Schneider eds. 2d ed. 1953).




n49  See I. ILLICH, supra note 47, at 113-14.




n50  See supra text accompanying notes 28-49.




n51  See Krim, AIDS: The Challenge to Science and Medicine, in AIDS: THE
EMERGING ETHICAL DILEMMAS, HASTINGS CENTER REP., Aug. 1985, at 2 (special
supplement).




n52  See AIDS Forum, supra note 6, at 45 (listing three serious obstacles to
development of effective vaccine or treatment for AIDS).




n53  Leishman, supra note 3, at 34.




n54  See Afraids, supra note 10, at 7 (AIDS victims often lose jobs and
apartments, are thrown out of school, are discharged by the military, and denied
ambulance and hospital services.).




n55  See AIDS Forum, supra note 6, at 47 (statement of Mervyn F. Silverman).  A
homosexual in the military can be discharged.  The usual procedure involves
bringing the person who is thought to be homosexual before an administrative
discharge board that can recommend discharge honorably or less than honorably.
Someone with AIDS must be retired and placed on disability, rather than
discharged, in order to obtain access to military hospitals.  Therefore, the
manner in which an AIDS patient leaves the military is significant.  See
Friedman & Stamey, Military, in AIDS LEGAL GUIDE: A PROFESSIONAL RESOURCE ON
AIDS-RELATED LEGAL ISSUES AND DISCRIMINATION 50-51 (Lambda Legal Defense and
Education Fund, Inc. 1984).  Communications from patients to physicians in the
military are not privileged.  MIL. R. EVID. 501(d).  Reports of sexual history,
by AIDS patients in the military to physicians, have been used in discharge
hearings.  Friedman & Stamey, supra, at 52.




n56  See H. WAIN, A HISTORY OF PREVENTIVE MEDICINE 60-61 (1970).




n57  Id. at 61.




n58  AIDS presents a different epidemiological pattern in Africa than in the
United States.  In Central Africa, at least as many women as men test positive
for AIDS antibodies and the sexual spread of the disease appears to occur almost
solely through heterosexual activity.  See AIDS Forum, supra note 6, at 43
(statement of Anne Giudici Fettner); 100 QUESTIONS, supra note 31, at 8.




n59  See Lindsey, Bathhouse Curbs Called Help in Coast AIDS Fight, N.Y. Times,
Oct. 24, 1985, at A19, col. 1 (some success in curtailing spread of AIDS due to
limitations on bathhouses in San Francisco).  See also Comment, Preventing the
Spread of AIDS by Restricting Sexual Conduct in Gay Bathhouses: A Constitutional
Analysis, 15 GOLDEN GATE U.L. REV. 301 (1985) (arguing that courts should use a
strict scrutiny standard when reviewing the constitutionality of statutes
restricting homosexual activity in bathhouses, because of the importance of the
privacy right involved).




n60  Once discussed only by "a handful of gay-baiting crackpots" as a legitimate
means of halting the spread of AIDS, the idea of quarantine has since been
discussed in a number of influential forums and by officials in the Reagan
administration.  See AIDS Forum, supra note 6, at 47 (statement of Anne Guidici
Fettner); The AIDS Conflict, NEWSWEEK, Sept. 23, 1985, at 18.

   Ironically, a quarantine of AIDS patients may be counterproductive.  Dr.
Mathilde Krim explains that "the only people who could be forcibly committed to
a hospital are diagnosed AIDS patients showing clinical symptoms.  Yet these
people are very ill, and they are usually not interested in sex.  And the more
advanced their condition, the less infectious they become." AIDS Forum, supra
note 6, at 47.




n61  The individual's "right to privacy" derives from penumbra emanating from
specific guarantees in the Bill of Rights.  Griswold v. Connecticut, 381 U.S.
479, 484 (1965). The Supreme Court has extended the individual's right to
privacy in a number of areas.  See Roe v. Wade, 410 U.S. 113, 153 (1973)
(abortion); Eisenstadt v. Baird, 405 U.S. 438, 453-54 (1972) (contraception);
Loving v. Virginia, 388 U.S. 1, 12 (1967) (marital activities); Griswold v.
Connecticut, 381 U.S. 479, 485-86 (1965) (family relationships).  Prior to
Griswold, the Supreme Court extended individual rights through an equal
protection analysis.  See, e.g., Prince v. Massachusetts, 321 U.S. 158, 166
(1944) (family relationships); Skinner v. Oklahoma, 316 U.S. 535, 541-42 (1942)
(procreation); Pierce v. Society of Sisters, 268 U.S. 510, 534-35 (1925)
(childbearing and education); Meyer v. Nebraska, 262 U.S. 390, 399 (1923)
(childbearing and education).  However, in Doe v. Commonwealth's Attorney, 425
U.S. 901 (1976), summarily aff'g 403 F. Supp. 1199 (E.D. Va. 1975), the Court
affirmed a Virginia district court decision rejecting a constitutional
challenge, on privacy grounds, to a Virginia sodomy statute that made criminal,
consensual sexual activity between adults of the same sex.  Although the
precedential value of Doe is limited because it was a summary affirmance, it has
been cited as controlling precedent in cases involving homosexuals and
homosexual activity.  See, e.g., Beller v. Middendorf, 632 F.2d 788, 809-10 (9th
Cir. 1980); DeSantis v. Pacific Tel. & Tel. Inc., 608 F.2d 327, 333 (9th Cir.
1979); Lovisi v. Slayton, 539 F.2d 349, 352 (4th Cir. 1976). Nevertheless, the
question of whether statutes regulating consensual activity between adults of
the same sex violate the constitutional right to privacy appears to be
undecided.  In Carey v. Population Servs. Int'l, 431 U.S. 678 (1977), a case
involving a challenge to a New York State statute making it a crime to
distribute contraceptives to minors, the Court stated that it "has not
definitively answered the difficult question whether and to what extent the
Constitution prohibits state statutes regulating [private consensual behavior]
among adults." Id. at 694 n.17.




n62  This Article is concerned less directly with this third set of questions
than with the first two.  However, most of the questions that arise in cases
involving the rights of AIDS patients to equal treatment will also involve
conflicts between the state's interest in protecting health and the right of
individuals to liberty and privacy (e.g., can doctors refuse to treat AIDS
patients on the grounds that their own liberty is thereby impinged?).




n63  A fourth area of legal questions relating to AIDS asks what effects AIDS
can or should have on the rights of homosexuals, including the legal right to
practice homosexuality.  AIDS has been said to justify sodomy statutes.  See
supra note 61.  Cf. Hardwick v. Bowers, 760 F.2d 1202 (11th Cir.), rev'd, 106 S.
Ct. 2841 (1986) (holding that Georgia sodomy statute infringed on plaintiff's
right to privacy, protected by the ninth and fourteenth amendments, and
remanding the case to the district court in order for the state to demonstrate a
compelling state interest to justify the regulation).




n64  See J. P. SARTRE, supra note 20, at 256-69.




n65  Writing of eighteenth century France, Michel Foucault stated that control
of epidemics was possible only when supplemented by police action "to supervise
the location of mines and cemeteries, to get as many corpses as possible
cremated instead of buried, to control the sale of bread, wine, and meat, to
supervise the running of abattoirs and dye works, and to prohibit unhealthy
housing." M. FOUCAULT, supra note 2, at 25 (footnote omitted).




n66  See H. WAIN, supra note 56, at 68.




n67  See G. ROSEN, supra note 23, at 62.  Medieval cities did not have organized
public health systems but city councils, frequently aided by guild officials,
supervised and protected public health.  Id. at 71-72.




n68  Id. at 97.




n69  Id. at 98.




n70  See G. Rosen, Cameralism and the Concept of Medical Police, in FROM MEDICAL
POLICE TO SOCIAL MEDICINE: ESSAYS ON THE HISTORY OF HEALTH CARE 120 (1974).




n71  See G. ROSEN, supra note 23, at 319-36.




n72  Louis Pasteur, born in 1822 in France, developed the science of
bacteriology and thereby established the germ theory of disease.  H. WAIN, supra
note 56, at 227-42.




n73  Robert Koch, born in 1843 in Germany and called the "father of the
bacillus," showed that anthrax was caused by an identifiable organism (the
anthrax bacillus), developed methods for growing and preserving bacteria,
developed four rules for proving that a particular organism caused a specific
disease, and isolated a number of other deadly disease-causing organisms
including the tubercle bacillus.  H. WAIN, supra note 56, at 243-49.




n74  See G. ROSEN, supra note 23, at 338-42.




n75  U.S. CONST. amend. X.  The tenth amendment reads, "The powers not delegated
to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States,
are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people." See Jacobson v.
Massachusetts, 197 U.S. 11, 25 (1905) ("[T]he police power of a State must be
held to embrace, at least, such reasonable regulations established directly by
legislative enactment as will protect the public health and . . . safety.");
Morgenstern, The Role of the Federal Government In Protecting Citizens From
Communicable Diseases, 47 U. CIN. L. REV. 537, 544-45 (1978).




n76  U.S. CONST. art. I, § 8, cl. 3.




n77  U.S. CONST. art. I, § 8, cl. 1.




n78  See P. STARR, THE SOCIAL TRANSFORMATION OF AMERICAN MEDICINE 184 (1982).
The first such board of health was established in Louisiana in 1855; then, in
1866, the Metropolitan Board of Health was set up in New York City, and in 1869,
a board of health was established in Massachusetts.  Id.




n79  Id. at 187.




n80  Id. at 240; Morgenstern, supra note 75, at 541-43.




n81  Jacobson v. Massachusetts, 197 U.S. 11, 25 (1905) (declaring vaccination
statute enforceable over religious objections).




n82  197 U.S. 11 (1905).




n83  Id. at 26 (quoting Railroad Co. v. Husen, 95 U.S. 465, 471 (1878)).




n84  Jacobson, 197 U.S. at 28.




n85  Id. at 29.




n86  People v. Robertson, 302 Ill. 422, 134 N.E. 815 (1922).




n87  Id. at 426, 432-34, 134 N.E. at 817, 819-20.




n88  103 F. 10, 23-24 (C.C.N.D. Cal. 1900).




n89  Id. at 24 (quoting Yick Wo v. Hopkins, 118 U.S. 356, 373-74 (1886)).




n90  Wragg v. Griffin, 185 Iowa 243, 170 N.W. 400 (1919) (ruling that holding
petitioner for examination for venereal disease deprived him of liberty without
due process).




n91  Allen v. Ingalls, 182 Ark. 991, 33 S.W.2d 1099 (1930) (upholding state's
right to mandate immunization as a prerequisite to school attendance).




n92  See id.




n93  See P. STARR, supra note 78, at 184-85.




n94  See People v. Robertson, 302 Ill. 422, 134 N.E. 815 (1922).




n95  Typically, courts apply a "rational relationship" test to ascertain whether
a state statute to effect public good, which affects individual rights, is
unconstitutional on due process or equal protection grounds.  If "fundamental
rights" or "suspect classifications" are involved, however, courts employ the
more stringent "strict scrutiny" test.  Under the strict scrutiny test, the
government must show that a "compelling state interest" is served by the statute
at issue, and that the statute has been narrowly drafted to effect the
compelling end.  See J. E. NOWAK, R. D. ROTUNDA & J. N. YOUNG, CONSTITUTIONAL
LAW 448-51 (2d ed. 1983); L. TRIBE, AMERICAN CONSTITUTIONAL LAW 1000-02 (1978).




n96  See supra note 95.




n97  410 U.S. 113 (1973).




n98  Id. at 154.




n99  See id. at 165.




n100  See id. at 163.


                             894 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                            March 31, 2007 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

2007 Charity Race Calendar

BYLINE: The Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: STYLE WEEKLY; Pg. J4

LENGTH: 1450  words


SUNDAY, APRIL 15

Minto Run for Reach

In aid of Reach Canada

21.1K/10K/5K, 3K run or walk

Reach Canada 613-236-6636

reach.ca or runningroom.com

Saturday, April 22

Ottawa Physio Run

In aid of OutCare Foundation

10K/5K/2K run orwalk

613-233-5617

runningroom.com

Saturday, April 28

Run to End MS

In aid of the Cornwall Chapter of the

Multiple Sclerosis Society

21.1K/10K/5K/1K run or walk

Patrick Clarke, 613-933-9508

geocities.com/mssocietyofcornwall

or runningroom.com

sunday, may 6

the Place D'Orleans

In aid of Cumberland/Orleans Community Resource Centre and SAR Global 1-Ottawa
Gatineau Search and Rescue

21.1K/10K/5K/1K run or walk

somersault.ca

Hike for Hospice Palliative Care

In aid of palliative care for The Hospice at May Court, Friends of Hospice and
Fleur a la Main

5K walk

613-260-2906

hikeforhospice.com

Saturday, May 12

VON Walk, Run and Roll

In aid of VON charitable programs

like Meals on Wheels and volunteer visiting

10K/5K/2K run, walk or skate

Jennifer Stevens, 613-233-5694

von.ca or runningroom.com

Sunday, May 13

Step Out with Special Olympics Awareness Walk

In aid of Ottawa Special Olympics

5K run or walk

613-830-7539

runningroom.com

Saturday, May 26

AND sunday, may 27

the Ottawa Race Weekend

A major annual event, this weekend sees competitors and fundraisers alike out in
full force at six events over two days. Although the offical charity partners of
The Ottawa Race Weekend are the Ottawa Hospital Foundation and Canadian Athletes
Now, more than 10 other causes are raising money during these races. For
information on all charities, events and

to register, call 613-234-2221 or go to runottawa.ca.

saturday

MDS Nordion 5K and 10K

Run or walk

Sunday

ING Ottawa Marathon and Half

42.2K/21.1K/2K run or walk

Pfizer Wheelchair Marathon

42.2K wheelchair race

sunday, may 27

Inaugural Ottawa Francophone Walkathon

In aid of the CMFO -- Le centre multiservice francophone de l'ouest d'Ottawa

3.5K walk

613-729-0158, ext. 3

cmfo.ca

thursday, may 31

Heart and Stroke Big Bike -- Renfrew

In aid of the Heart and Stroke Foundation

Approx. 3K bike ride

613-727-5060, ext. 238

ww2.heartandstroke.ca/BigBike

friday, june 1 to sunday, june 3

weekend to end breast cancer

In aid of the Ottawa Regional Cancer Foundation

60K walk over the weekend

ot07.endcancer.ca

friday, june 1

Heart and Stroke Big Bike -- Merivale Road

In aid of the Heart and Stroke Foundation

Approx. 3K bike ride

613-727-5060, ext. 238

ww2.heartandstroke.ca/BigBike

sunday, june 3

World Partnership Walk

In aid of programs to fight global poverty

3K walk

613-237-2532, ext. 100

worldpartnershipwalk.com

Jewish Federation of Ottawa Walkathon

In aid of the Jewish Federation of Ottawa

9K run or walk or 18K bike

613-798-4696, ext. 248

jewishottawa.com

Manulife Walk and fun Run

In aid of Breast Cancer Action

2K/5K/10K walk or run

613-228-3100

runningroom.com

tuesday, june 5

Heart and Stroke Big Bike -- Ottawa City Hall

In aid of the Heart and Stroke Foundation

Approx. 3K bike ride

613-727-5060, ext. 238

ww2.heartandstroke.ca/BigBike

wednesday, june 6

Tim Horton Camp Day

In aid of Tim Horton Children's Foundation

3K/5K/10K run or walk

runningroom.com

Heart and Stroke Big Bike -- River Road

In aid of the Heart and Stroke Foundation

Approx. 3K bike ride

613-727-5060, ext. 238

ww2.heartandstroke.ca/BigBike

thursday, june 7

Heart and Stroke Big Bike -- Arnprior

In aid of the Heart and Stroke Foundation

Approx. 3K bike ride

613-727-5060, ext. 238

ww2.heartandstroke.ca/BigBike

friday, june 8

Heart and Stroke Big Bike -- Kanata

In aid of the Heart and Stroke Foundation

Approx. 3K bike ride

613-727-5060, ext/ 238

ww2.heartandstroke.ca/BigBike

friday, june 8 to saturday, june 9

Canadian Cancer Society Relay for Life -- Nepean

In aid of the Canadian Cancer Society

Overnight 12-hour relay suitable for teams

of all ages

613-723-1744

secureccs.ca

friday, june 15 to

saturday, june 16

Canadian Cancer Society Relay for Life -- Orleans and Stittsville

In aid of the Canadian Cancer Society

Overnight 12-hour relay suitable for of all ages

613-723-1744

secureccs.ca

saturday, june 16

Westboro Fun Run

In aid of the Ottawa Riverkeeper and Dovercourt Recreation Centre

5K run or walk and Wylie Ryan Quick Kids 2K

somersault.ca

Sunday, June 17

Alterna Do it for Dad

In aid of prostate cancer activities at the Ottawa Hospital Regional Cancer
Centre

5K/10K run or walk

alternadifd.ca

monday, june 18

Heart and Stroke Big Bike -- Rockland and Orleans

In aid of the Heart and Stroke Foundation

Approx. 3K bike ride

613-727-5060, ext. 238

ww2.heartandstroke.ca/BigBike

tuesday, june 19

Heart and Stroke Big Bike --museum of science and tech

In aid of the Heart and Stroke Foundation

Approx. 3K bike ride

613-727-5060, ext. 238

ww2.heartandstroke.ca/BigBike

thursday, june 21

Heart and Stroke Big Bike -- Barrhaven

In aid of the Heart and Stroke Foundation

Approx. 3K bike ride

613-727-5060, ext. 238

ww2.heartandstroke.ca/BigBike

saturday, june 23

Heart and Stroke Big Bike -- Barry's Bay

In aid of the Heart and Stroke Foundation

Approx. 3K bike ride

613-727-5060, ext. 238

ww2.heartandstroke.ca/BigBike

Emilie's Run -- the emilie mondor memorial 5k

In aid of CHEO and in honour of

Olympian Emilie Mondor

5K run

somersault.ca

sunday, july 1

Motionware Canada Day

Road Races

In aid of Kanata Food Cupboard

1K/5K/10K run or walk, and Tot Trot

Joe Du Vall, 613-828-0572

jduvall@rogers.com

ncra-ottawa.com

HBC Run For Canada

In aid of Canada's amateur athletes

10K run or walk

Zone 3 Sports, 613-290-3238

zone3sports.com

hbcrunforcanada.com

Sunday, July 15

Carleton Place Heritage Run

In aid of Carleton Place and District Memorial Hospital

5K run or walk

somersault.ca

Hintonburg Centennial 5K

In aid of the Hintonburg Community Centre

5K run or walk

613-233-5165

runningroom.com

Wednesday, July 18

No Frills 10 Miler

In aid of the Friends of the Central

Experimental Farm

10-mile run or 11K walk

Pat Kelly, 613-834-8190

ncra-ottawa.com

sunday, august 12

Great Raisin River Footraces

In aid of Free the Children

11K/5K run or walk

Bill Chambre, 1-613-347-7096

williamstownfair.com or runningroom.com

Tuesday, August 21

Xerox Races

In aid of the Canadian National Institute for the Blind

10K/3K run or walk

runningroom.com

Thursday, August 30

Glen Tay Block Race -- perth

In aid of Branch 244 of the Royal Canadian Legion and their youth programs

14.7K run

613-264-2614

glenrayblockrace.com

friday, september 7

Running Room/United Way/Centraide Event

In aid of the United Way and their programs

5K run or walk

613-233-5165

runningroom.com

monday, september 10

Heart and Stroke Big Bike -- Pembroke

In aid of the Heart and Stroke Foundation

Approx. 3K bike ride

613-727-5060, ext. 238

ww2.heartandstroke.ca/BigBike

tuesday, september 11

Heart and Stroke Big Bike -- Petawawa

In aid of the Heart and Stroke Foundation

Approx. 3K bike ride

613-727-5060, ext. 238

ww2.heartandstroke.ca/BigBike

Saturday, September 15

The Great Barrier Breaker

In aid of the Ottawa Lyons Track & Field Club

5K run or walk

Zone 3 Sports, 613-290-3238

zone3sports.com

Sunday, September 16

The terry fox run

In aid of the Terry Fox Foundation

7K run, walk or wheel at locations across the city and region

1-888-836-9786

terryfoxrun.org

Saturday, September 22

Steve Hall Memorial Run

In aid of the Perley-Rideau Hospital

5K/10K run or walk

613-830-7539

runningroom.com

Saturday, September 29

Glengarry Cancer Run

In aid of the Canadian Cancer Society

10K/5K run or walk and the 1-mile challenge

geocities.com/glengarryrunwalk

runningroom.com

Sunday, September 30

CIBC Run For the Cure

In aid of the Canadian Breast Cancer Foundation

5K run or walk

cibcrunforthecure.org

saturday, october 6

Deloitte Beat Beethoven

In aid of the Shepherds of Good Hope

8K/5K run or walk

613-233-5165

runningroom.com

The Dr. Kim Armstrong

Turkey Trot in Pembroke

In aid of the Dr. Kim Armstrong Bursary Fund and Oneness Through Mission
Guatemala House Fund

5K run or walk

1-613-732-9090

runningroom.com

Sunday, October 7

Ottawa Fall Colours run

In aid of the Ottawa Food Bank and Children

at Risk

42.2K/21.1K/10K/5K/1K run or walk

somersault.ca

Monday, October 8

Chelsea Challenge

In aid of Maison Libere-elles, a shelter for women and children survivors of
family violence

10K/5K run or walk

chelseachallenge.ca or eventsonline.ca

Sunday, October 21

Jim Howe Cross Country

In aid of the Jim Howe memorial Fund at Queen's University

10K/5K run or walk

Glendon Pye, 613-993-6918

ncra-ottawa.com

Sunday, October 28

Ottawa Hospital Rattle Me Bones Road Race

In aid of arthritis and orthopedic research and patient care

10K/5K/1K run or walk

Kent Woodhall, 613-737-8656

kwoodhall@ottawahospital.on.ca

saturday, november 3

The Cookie Run

In aid of the local chapter of Girl Guides

10K/5K/1.5K run or wak

Glendon Pye, 613-993-6918

runningroom.com, ncra-ottawa.com

saturday, december 1

Santa Shuffle

In aid of the Salvation Army

5K run or walk

runningroom.com

613-233-5617

Monday, December 31

Resolution Run

In aid of the YMCA-YWCA of Ottawa Carleton

5K/10K run or walk

613-233-5617

runningroom.com

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Jana Chytilova, The Ottawa Citizen; 2007 Charity Race ;
Photo: David McKinley, The Ottawa Citizen; 2007 Charity Race
Photo: Patrick Doyle, The Ottawa Citizen; 2007 Charity Race ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News; Chronology

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2007 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                             895 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Irish Daily Mail

                             March 13, 2017 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Soccer gets a thumbs-up;
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS

BYLINE: Charles Legge

SECTION: FEATURES; OPINION; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 1060 words


QUESTION

Why do professional soccer players suck their thumbs when they score a goal?

THE original thumbsucker was Roma and Italy striker Francesco Totti, who began
using this goal celebration in 2005 following the birth of his son, Cristian.

His actions earned him the nickname Er Pupone - 'the big baby'. Following his
lead, it became popular in Serie A and across Europe. The first player to use it
in the Premier League was Spaniard Luis García, then of Liverpool.

In 2007, Totti took the gesture a stage further by imitating a childbirth scene.
He stuffed the ball up his shirt and lay on his back while his teammates
extracted it. This was in tribute to his pregnant wife, Ilary Blasi, who was
carrying his daughter, Chanel, at the time.

The then Manchester United striker Carlos Tevez took up the trend in 2008 when
he celebrated a goal against Birmingham by sucking an actual dummy belonging to
his daughter, Florencia. An earlier version of this gesture was the baby-rocking
mime originated by Brazilian Bebeto at the 1994 World Cup. Use of the
thumbsucking gesture doesn't necessarily mean the footballer has had a baby.
Some have used it as an insult to the other side, claiming scoring the goal was
child's play.

Thumb-biting was also a rude gesture in medieval Italy, exploited in
Shakespeare's Romeo And Juliet: 'Nay, as they dare. I will bite my thumb at
them; which is a disgrace to them, if they bear it.' Marcus Lester, East
Yorkshire.

QUESTION

Who is accountable for the distribution of (EURO)10million every week in
overseas aid from this country?

THE distribution of Irish foreign aid is overseen by Irish Aid, part of the
Department of Foreign Affairs & Trade.

Ireland's foreign aid is strongly targeted at the least developed countries in
the world, with an especial emphasis on sub-Saharan Africa. A substantial part
of Ireland's foreign aid is delivered through co-operation with multilateral
partners, such as the many UN agencies and through the EU development
co-operation budget. About a quarter of Ireland's overseas aid budgets are
channelled through non-government organisations.

Figures for 2014 showed that Ireland's overseas development assistance was
(EURO)614.86million, which represented a contribution of 0.39% of Ireland's GNP.

More than 80 countries benethe fited, and in 2014, Ireland's overseas aid was
the 11th highest in the OECD, ahead of countries such as Australia, Canada and
France. The overseas aid programme is a key element of Ireland's foreign policy.

This year, Irish Government spending on overseas aid is up by (EURO)10million on
last year, to (EURO)651million. Of this, (EURO)486million is overseen by Irish
Aid, with a further (EURO)165million coming from other Government departments.

However, this year's spending on overseas aid is still well down on previous
years; back in 2008, Ireland spent (EURO)921million on overseas development aid.

The overall commitment is to transparency in the distribution of Irish aid
overseas and regular audits and evaluations are carried out both by independent
experts and the Department's own evaluation and audit unit.

Irish Aid also has an expert advisory group that provides independent advice on
the aid programme to the Minister for Foreign Affairs & Trade, Charlie Flanagan.

This group was set up in 2011 and the chairperson and members are appointed by
the Foreign Affairs Minister, while the group also includes a senior official
from Department of Finance. In addition to this scrutiny, the Dáil Public
Accounts Committee also closely examines overseas aid spending.

Another element of the transparency delivered by Irish Aid is its use of social
media. Its Facebook and Twitter accounts contain much information about how
Irish aid is being channelled overseas and these accounts are as informative as
possible for members of the public.

Irish Aid also posts a considerable volume of information about its activities
and the dispersal of its funds to overseas recipient countries on its website.

The annual reports of Irish Aid, which are available online, also contribute to
this transparency by having a considerable volume of information about the
official aid programme as well as many details of how Irish money is spent in
particular recipient countries. With Ireland's official aid programme under such
official scrutiny, Irish Aid is very accountable for how Ireland's considerable
overseas aid money is spent, and spent effectively.

A recent example of this scrutiny came when Goal came under the spotlight
recently. In 2012, Goal began its relief operations in Syria, describing them as
the largest in the organisation's history. But in 2016, some of the funding from
the US government's foreign aid agency, USAID, to Goal was suspended after the
agency uncovered potential improprieties in procurement practices in Syria,
involving the charity.

The Department of Foreign Affairs & Trade, through Irish Aid, had also been
funding Goal for its humanitarian programmes in various countries, including
Syria. The department said that the issues raised by the suspension of US
funding for Goal were a cause for serious concern. The department demanded a
detailed report from Goal on the overall situation and on any implications for
Irish Aid funding.

So it seems that despite the considerable volume of Irish aid going overseas, a
very strict and stringent eye is kept on how the money is spent.

Niall McCormack, via email. ?

IS THERE a question to which you have always wanted to know the answer? Or do
you know the answer to a question raised here? Send your questions and answers
to: Charles Legge, Answers To Correspondents, Irish Daily Mail, Embassy House,
Herbert Park Lane, Ballsbridge, Dublin 4. You can also fax them to 0044 1952
510906 or you can email them to charles.legge@dailymail.ie A selection will be
published but we are not able to enter into individual correspondence.

QUESTIONS

Q: Whose name is on the deeds for Buckingham Palace and where are the deeds
kept?

Jeffery Adams, Swindon.

Q: Who was the first ever female professional soccer player from Ireland?

Will Murray, Kilkenny.

Q: It's often stated that all parts in Shakespearean plays, including those of
women, were performed by men, but did this rule also apply to the kind of
masques staged by Master of the Revels Sir Thomas Benger? Were his Diana and Her
Nymphs all male?

Mrs A. Saunders, Norfolk.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Thumbsucker proxy: Italy's Francesco Totti celebrates scoring

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DML


          Copyright 2017 Irish Daily Mail - Associated Newspapers Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             896 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  My Republica

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday

More bangs for bucks

LENGTH: 964 words

DATELINE: Nepal


Nepal, Dec. 14 -- Tilakman Singh Bhandari

More from Author

More bangs for bucks

Proliferation of donors and increasing fragmentation of aid call for better
coordination with the recipient government

Aid coordination refers to the established mechanisms and arrangements that
country governments and their development partners have agreed upon in order to
maximize the effectiveness of external aid. The Paris Declaration (March 2005)
and the Accra Agenda for Action (September 2008) also highlighted aid
coordination as a key to enhance its effectiveness. The aim of coordination is
however not limited to "aid effectiveness" but also covers "development
effectiveness".

While talking about overall performance of international development
cooperation, there have been significant changes in the aid landscape over the
years. Both the donors and the recipient countries have developed common
concerns on fighting poverty, hunger, inequality, climate change and bringing
change in the lives of poor people. But experts believe that improved
coordination between donor governments and multilateral aid organizations could
make global development assistance even more efficient and effective.

Proliferation of donors in recent decades, and fragmentation of aid among an
increasing number of countries and projects, has increased calls for
coordination. Despite the global attention on aid effectiveness, surveys
indicate that limited progress has been made towards this end. Aid coordination
has become increasingly important globally as the number of development
partners, funding levels, channels and implementers has multiplied and the risk
of duplication has increased.

In the Nepali context, there are several challenges to aid effectiveness. The
biggest of them is aid fragmentation. One development partner, on average, is
involved with at least eight line ministries. Aid fragmentation often imposes
heavy burden on developing countries like Nepal and reduces the sustainability
and value of the aid received.

Judicious division of labor among donors and reducing fragmentation of aid
requires strong ownership of development agenda at the country level.
Development partners must also strive to reduce the number of agencies and their
activities in different sectors. It is time to look critically at the
fragmentation of aid and to foster the capacity of governance systems to adjust
so that donor presence can be optimized.

Sector-wide approach could be extended to areas beyond health and education. Aid
is best aligned when it is integrated into the country's own planning and
budgeting mechanisms. Development partners can ensure that their funding is well
used by helping to improve the recipient government's systems for public
financial management. But for this aid will have to go into national budget.
This helps strengthen the capacity of developing countries to measure the real
results of their policies and programs.

According to a recent development cooperation report, only 65 percent aid is
disbursed through national budget, so 35 percent aid money is still channeled
from the outside. This means a significant amount is being spent without
adequate coordination with the government.

Improving the predictability of aid is vital to enable countries to manage their
own development process. Most aid-recipient countries have only limited
information about external resources they can expect in a given year, let alone
for the following two to three years. But if they are to produce sound
medium-term budgets, they need to know how much they will be receiving, and for
how long.

Similarly, donor coordination is vital as different donors have different
comparative advantages in terms of delivery mechanisms, sectors and resources.

Though all development partners have a common agenda of helping Nepali people,
they may have different interests. While Nepal needs smarter risk-mitigation
techniques, development partners also need to be prepared to take more risks,
recognizing that this will increase returns. They should look to minimize risk
jointly rather than avoiding it altogether. Increasing use of country systems to
channel aid should thus be a priority.

The Development Cooperation Policy 2014 attempts to internalize the global
agenda of aid effectiveness together with fixing thresholds for projects,
setting priority areas for aid utilization and spelling out of donors/government
roles and responsibilities. It also calls for a joint donor-government strategy
to outline the areas of donor engagement.

Though there is the system of monitoring and evaluation for better use of
development cooperation, the system is dysfunctional. This has resulted in poor
disbursement and weak or delayed implementation of development projects.

Nepal has established effective donor coordination mechanisms such as Local
Development Partners' Meeting, Nepal Portfolio Performance Review Mechanism,
Nepal Development Forum and various sectoral reviews. These mechanims provide
forum for dialogue between development partners and the government, and
platforms to discuss effectiveness and efficiency of aid.

Establishment of Aid Management Platform in the Ministry of Finance and regular
publication of Development Cooperation Reports are positive developments that
will help with both transparency and aid coordination. In the same way,
operationalization of high level policy implementation committee under the
leadership of Finance Minster could be yet another vehicle for better aid
coordination in Nepal.

The author is associated with Aid Management Platform in the Ministry of Finance

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Republica. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Nepal Republic Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             897 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                     August 24, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Advanced Hearing Aid Centre is Offering Behind the Ear Pensioner Hearing Aids

BYLINE: The Hearing Aid Centre

LENGTH: 502  words


Robina, Australia,  August 24, 2016 --(PR.com)-- Advanced Hearing Aid Centre, a
leading privately owned company for hearing care, is offering pensioner hearing
aids that effortlessly go behind the ear. These hearing devices are precise,
high quality, and offer complete satisfaction. The hearing aid centre also
offers an array of other designs in hearing aids to fit different needs.

Technologically Advanced Behind the Ear Hearing Aids

Behind the ear hearing aids once ruled the hearing aid industry, but due to the
advancement in design and technology, other types of hearing aids gained
popularity and they were left behind. However, the improvements made to the
behind the ear hearing devices lead to its popularity and the Advanced Hearing
Aid Centre is one such supplier of this cutting-edge device that is perfect in
every sense.

Talking about their hearing aids, a spokesperson from the company said, "We
chose to offer behind the ear hearing aids because they have come back with a
bang. These devices have improved massively over the years and have become the
number one choice for most of our customers. These devices are tiny and very
easy-to-use."

He went on to say, "These devices have become the go-to option for many people
because they go behind the ear and are not really visible to anyone. They keep
users feeling confident about their appearance."

Free Consultations

Advanced Hearing Aid Centre is leading the hearing care industry by offering
leading products to its customers. Those who are having troubles with their
hearing can benefit from the company's free consultation offer. The hearing
centre is offering its customers a chance to get their hearing checked by
medical professionals.

The spokesperson said, "We want every customer to feel relaxed while we take
care of everything for them. We have put free consultations in place for those
who find it hard to hear clearly. This is a great service because many people
end up buying the wring devices. With the help of our consultations, they will
know the appropriate hearing aid to purchase. We also suggest the best product
within every customer's budget so that they get the best value."

Advanced Hearing Aid Centre is recognised for its innovative hearing solutions.
Their hearing aids are targeted towards a wide range of customers including
pensioners who cannot afford expensive devices. What's more is that the company
works towards the betterment of customer service by offering free consultations
and online appointment bookings.

About the Company

Located on the Gold Coast, Advanced Hearing Aid Centre is a privately owned
company that offers private and professional services in hearing care including
hearing tests, diagnosis, hearing aids, and customised hearing plugs. It is one
of the recognised leaders in the industry of hearing aid services.

Contact Information

Address: The Wharf Building, Shop 3, 129 Laver Drive. Robina QLD 4226

Phone Number: 07 5575 7899

Website: http://hearingaidcentre.com.au/

Email: narelle@hearingaid.com.au

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             898 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Hong Kong Government News

                       July 6, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

LCQ4: Members of Public Applying for Legal Aid to Lodge Judicial Review

LENGTH: 1667  words


July 6 -- Following is a question the Hon Ip Kwok-him and an oral reply by the
Secretary for Home Affairs, Mr Lau Kong-wah, in the Legislative Council today
(July 6):

Question:

Last year, the authorities rezoned several Green Belt sites in Tai Po to
residential sites. Assisted by a green group, a tertiary student applied for
judicial review (JR) seeking to overrule the aforesaid decision and was granted
leave by the High Court. It has been reported that last month, a High Court
judge set aside the aforesaid leave for JR and criticised the applicant for
misleading the Legal Aid Department into granting him legal aid by providing
documents with incomplete information and then making use of the legal aid to
lodge JR, which was tantamount to abusing the judicial process. The judge
indicated that she would consider requiring the applicant to bear the legal
costs of some $1,900,000 of both parties to proceedings. Regarding members of
the public applying for legal aid to lodge JR, will the Government inform this
Council:

(1) whether it has assessed if the failure to disclose or withhold material
information by legal aid applicants and the people assisting them when they
apply for legal aid or lodge JR, constitutes a breach of law or an abuse of the
relevant mechanisms; if it has assessed and the outcome is in the affirmative,
of the penalties concerned; if the assessment outcome is in the negative,
whether it will review the existing thresholds for application for JR and legal
aid; if it will, of the timetable;

(2) of the details of each case in each of the past three years in which legal
aid was granted for lodging JR, including the names of both parties to
proceedings, the issue(s) involved, the legal aid expenditure, the amount to be
borne by the legal aid recipient(s), the result of JR, and the impact of the
proceedings concerned on public administration (e.g. the delays in public
works), and set out such information in a table; and

(3) given that among the some 2,000 cases of legal aid applications involving JR
in the past five years, less than one fourth of them were approved, whether the
authorities have plans to impart to members of the public, through public
education, the functions of the JR and legal aid mechanisms under the existing
legal system, and the impacts on society caused by abusing these mechanisms; if
they do, of the details and timetable?

Reply:

President,

Legal aid services form an integral part of the legal system in Hong Kong. The
policy objective of legal aid is to ensure that all those who comply with the
regulations of the Legal Aid Ordinance (the Ordinance) (Cap.91) and have
reasonable grounds for pursuing or defending a legal action in the Hong Kong
courts, will not be denied access to justice due to a lack of means.

To qualify for legal aid, a person is required to satisfy both the means test
and merits test as provided by the Ordinance. To ensure that only cases with
reasonable grounds are granted legal aid, all legal aid applications are
processed by Legal Aid Counsel appointed to serve in the Legal Aid Department
(LAD).

In conducting the merits test, the LAD will consider the background, evidence
available and legal principles applicable to the case so as to determine whether
legal aid should be granted. Before issuing a legal aid certificate, the LAD
must, in assessing the merits, be satisfied that there are reasonable grounds or
points of law involved for which it is desirable to grant legal aid to enable
the matter to be submitted to the court for decision or judgment.

For individual applications, if the documents available already demonstrate
strong grounds for taking proceedings or if the issues raised are already
covered by previous judgments or advice, legal aid may be granted to applicants
who have passed the means test. If complicated legal issues are involved in the
application, the LAD may seek independent legal opinion from counsel in private
practice on the merits of the application under section 9(d) of the Ordinance.

My reply to various parts of the Hon Ip Kwok-him's question is as follows:

(1) The relevant mechanisms and penalties against abuse of legal aid services
are provided by the Ordinance and its subsidiary legislation. It is stipulated
under section 23 of the Ordinance that any person seeking or receiving legal aid
who knowingly makes any false statement in furnishing information shall be
guilty of an offence and liable on conviction to a fine at level 3 (i.e.
$10,000) and to imprisonment for 6 months.

The LAD may revoke a legal aid certificate if the aided person, in respect of
his case, knowingly made a false statement concerning any information furnished
by him; or wilfully failed to disclose his financial resources or any material
fact, documents, information, etc. Furthermore, the LAD may recover from the
person all costs paid or payable under regulation 9 of the Legal Aid Regulations
(Cap.91A).

To tie in with the above provisions, the LAD has introduced measures and a
monitoring mechanism to prevent abuse of legal aid services. The application
form provided to applicants is attached with a points-to-note leaflet reminding
them of the relevant regulations under the Ordinance, such as an applicant is
liable to a fine and imprisonment for giving false statement or representation;
an applicant should notify the Director of Legal Aid (the Director) immediately
on any change in the information provided; and the Director has the power to
revoke a legal aid certificate issued and recover the relevant costs if an
applicant obtained legal aid by furnishing false information.

Anyone who believes that an applicant or aided person has furnished false
information on the merits or means may provide relevant details to the LAD. If
the case is substantiated upon investigation, the LAD shall revoke the legal aid
certificate concerned and refer the case to the Police for follow-up actions.

It is also stipulated under section 17 of the Ordinance that, where it appears
to a court that a legal aid certificate has been obtained by fraud or
misrepresentation, the court may order the aided person to pay the costs of the
Director and the costs of all parties to litigation.

(2) The number of applications in which legal aid was granted for lodging
judicial review (JR) and the total legal aid expenditure in the past three years
are at Annex. Under section 24 of the Ordinance, the LAD is prohibited from
disclosing information on individual legal aid applications unless with the
consent of the persons concerned.

Commencement of relevant government policies or works projects may be delayed
due to the relevant JR cases.However, it is difficult for the Government to
quantify the impact of such delays on the public administration and overall
economy of Hong Kong.

(3) The Government understands that Members and the community are concerned
about whether JR applications and the legal aid mechanism are used in a proper
manner. Government officials have repeatedly reiterated on different occasions,
including when responding to questions raised by Members at the Legislative
Council and relevant panel meetings, that JR is an important safeguard to the
rule of law. As always, the Government respects the rights conferred on
residents under Article 35(2) of the Basic Law, including their legal right to
apply for JR. The Government will abide strictly by the rule of law, and deal
with JR through appropriate legal procedures.

The Government would also like to stress that JR should only be used to resolve
legal disputes.It is not a means for tackling political or social issues. In
their respective public addresses, the Chief Justice Geoffrey Ma and the former
Chief Justice Andrew Li of the Court of Final Appeal have made clear remarks on
this and explained the court's role in JR proceedings. The solution to
political, social and economic problems cannot be found through the legal
process and can only be found through the political process. The Government
believes that with such remarks and relevant court judgments explaining the
mechanism and scope of JR, the public will gain a better understanding of the
proper use of JR.

At present, regarding general education and public awareness activities on Hong
Kong's legal system (including those on JR), the public may access information
on JR, including characteristics of JR, grounds on which JR can be lodged and
important points to note for JR applications, through such channels as the
website of the Community Legal Information Centre (www.clic.org.hk/en/) set up
by the University of Hong Kong with the subvention from the Home Affairs Bureau.
The Government will keep a close watch over the developments in this regard and
consider timely enhancement in educational and publicity efforts on the rule of
law, including JR.

As regards legal aid, the Government has been stepping up publicity and
educational efforts through various channels, includingreminding the public not
to abuse the use of legal aid. The LAD is committed to promoting legal aid
services. It organises and participates in various activities every year and
enhances public understanding on such services via websites, booklets,
announcements in public interest on television and radio, etc. Apart from
explaining how the merits test works, the LAD also takes the initiatives to
convey the important message of reminding the public to apply for and use legal
aid services in a proper manner. These include a reminder to applicants that
they may be prosecuted for making false statements or furnishing incorrect
information, and that if a person has repeatedly applied for legal aid such that
his conduct has amounted to an abuse, the Director may order that no
consideration shall be given to any future application by that person for three
years.

The Government will continue with its efforts on public education in future.

LCQ4 Annex
(http://gia.info.gov.hk/general/201607/06/P201607060608_0608_170212.pdf).

Source: Hong Kong SAR Government

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


      Copyright 2016 Hong Kong Government News, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             899 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                    November 20, 2014 Thursday 12:07 PM GMT

Glasgow first aid training: City to mark Scottish First Aid Week with essential
life-saving skills classes;
ST ANDREW'S First Aid are offering classes throughout Glasgow next week to mark
Scottish First Aid Week.

BYLINE: By Tristan Stewart-Robertson

SECTION: NEWS,LOCAL NEWS

LENGTH: 456 words


GLASWEGIANS are being called to do two-hour training courses that could help
save a life to mark Scottish First Aid Week.

St Andrew's First Aid are running the sessions from November 24 to 30 to cover
vital basics such as CPR that could help a friend, loved one or even a stranger
on the street until an ambulance arrives.

All the training is free, but the charity will be aiming to raise £30,000
throughout the week to help get the live-saving techniques to ever more people.

Glasgow first aid volunteer Vikki Walker said: "I've been volunteering with St
Andrew's First Aid for years and one of the best things about volunteering is
being able to get involved with my local community. I'm really excited about
this project and looking forward to telling others about the life-saving
difference first aid can make in an emergency.

"There are three sessions taking place in the city centre over Scottish First
Aid Week and a further three elsewhere in the area. I'd urge anyone with an
interest in first aid to get along and find out more about this vital skill."

The charity's Chief Executive, Stuart Callison, added: "When planning Scottish
First Aid Week we asked our volunteers what they would like to do to raise
awareness of the charity as well as funds. Overwhelmingly the answer was that
our volunteers simply wanted an opportunity to connect with their communities
and demonstrate that anyone can learn first aid skills.

"Communities are at the heart of St Andrew's First Aid's mission - we believe
that no one should die because they needed first aid and didn't get it. By
demonstrating the difference that first aid can make, we hope to see a more
resilient Scotland with more lives being saved through first aid intervention."

To find the nearest "Project First Aid" location, visit
www.firstaid.org.uk/projectfirstaid or call 0141 332 4031 and ask for the
marketing department. Where to find training

Bearsden

[#x2028]Thursday, November 27, 19.00-21.00 [#x2028](New Kilpatrick, Old Church
Halls, Douglas Crescent, Bearsden)

East Kilbride

Wednesday, November 26, 19.30-21.30 [#x2028](Westwood Baptist Church - East
Kilbride)

Glasgow (central)

Monday, November 24, 19.15-21.15

[#x2028]Tuesday, November 25, 19.30-21.30

[#x2028]Thursday, November 27, 19.30-21.30 [#x2028](all at St Andrew's House, 48
Milton Street, Glasgow, G4 0HR)

Glasgow (west end)[#x2028]

Tuesday, November 25, 18.30-21.00 [#x2028](University of Glasgow, Boyd Orr
Building, Lecture Theatre D, Level 5)[#x2028][#x2028]

Glasgow (Caledonian)

[#x2028]Monday, November 24, 19.00-21.00[#x2028] (Glasgow Caledonian University,
George Moore Building, Room M140)

Rutherglen

Thursday, November 27 (King's Park Parish Church, Castlemilk Rd, Glasgow)

Strathkelvin[#x2028]

Monday, November 24, 19.30-21.30

[#x2028]Thursday, November 27, 19.00-21.00 - Under 16s only [#x2028](Kelvinbank
Resource Centre)

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             900 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Kerryman (Ireland)

                               December 11, 2013
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Aids hits dozens throughout county;
KERRY DOWN THE YEARS DECEMBER 1988 Pictures and stories from past pages of the
Kerryman

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 512 words


ARCHIVES 1988 DOZENS OF people in Kerry are infected with the AIDS virus, Kerry
Medical Officer for Health Dr. Tim Jackson revealed to The Kerryman this week.

He said there is no''''sensible estimate' ' of the number of Kerry people
infected with the virus because there is no official notification system for
registering AIDS sufferers in the county. But he estimated the figure would run
into the dozens.

However he added: "I'"I'm pretty certain there is no cases of full blown AIDS in
Kerry at present."

"  Gerard Healy of the voluntary Cork Aids Alliance confirmed Dr. Jackson's
statement.

He told The Kerryman: "I know for a fact that there are people in Kerry with the
virus... our helpline gets a lot of calls from both Kerry and Cork."

And he claimed Kerry victims suffer in secret because of their fear of being
blacked by their communities.

"It's more in the closet in Kerry than in Dublin. People here are afraid of the
stigma attached and of being ostracised by their communities."

"Victims become more isolated because even friends and family are afraid of
catching the disease themselves".

And he claims that most Kerry victims are returned emigrants from England and
America.

"We''ve found a lot of young Irish people in London experimenting with drugs and
sex. They''re wide open to the dangers of the AIDS infection." He slated the
Government for failing to provide adequate education on AIDS.

"With lots of emigration, education is vitally important. But people are
emigrating without knowing the risks. They think they can't or won't get AIDS
but they can and do."

However, Dr. Tim Jackson said he visited every school in Kerry to warn pupils
about the dangers of AIDS.

"Our policy is to make sure every school leaver knows about AIDS.

"The only weapon we have is information."

The Cork AIDS Alliance claims that discrimination against AIDS victims is
becoming a serious problem in Ireland.

"Employers, landlords, insurance companies and even doctors and nurses have all
been known to react with what can only be described as hysteria to AIDS patients
" The organisation aims to dispel some of the myths about AIDS by educating
people about the disease, which is thought to affect between 2,000 and 5,000
people in Ireland.

The most common mistaken belief is that AIDS can be caught from everyday social
contact.

"No one has ever caught AIDS through kissing, hugging , sharing cups or cutlery
or just living in the same house as someone with AIDS or HIV (the virus which
can lead to full blown AIDS)," said Mr. Healy.

"The next most common myth is that the virus is confined to certain high-risk
groups, such as injecting drug-users and homosexual men.

"No reputable scientific or medical opinion supports this view. Everyone who is
sexually active is potentially at risk from AIDS".

"AIDS is mainly spread through heterosexual sex," he adds.

Cork''s AIDS Alliance ws founded in 1987 and is run on a voluntary basis with
cash assistance of only £2,000 per year from the Southern Health Board.

The organisation runs the only telephone advice and information service in
Munster.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KMN


             Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             901 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           December 1, 2012 Saturday

City to mark World AIDS Day

BYLINE: Express news service

LENGTH: 362  words

DATELINE: Chandigarh


The Chandigarh State AIDS Control Society is observing World AIDS Day for
positive anti-AIDS action. "Getting to Zero: Zero New HIV Infections, Zero
Deaths from AIDS-related Illness, Zero Discrimination" is the theme of World
AIDS Day 2012.

Given the spread of epidemic today, getting to zero is a challenge but
significant progress is underway.

According to Dr Vanita Gupta, Project Director, Chandigarh State AIDS Control
Society, AIDS awareness has increased in Chandigarh and the data shows that HIV
testing has increased and positivity in Chandigarh among both general population
and high risk groups has decreased.

The new case detection rate amongst the walk-in voluntary testing of general
clients in the ICTC centres of Chandigarh has been found to decline from 7.1% in
the year 2008 to 2.19% in the year 2012.

The prevalence of HIV in Chandigarh continues to remain very low at 0.23%.

This clearly shows that the spread of HIV infection is on the decline, in
Chandigarh. She added that World AIDS Day provides an opportunity for all of us
- individuals, communities and leaders - to take action and ensure that human
rights are protected and global targets for HIV/AIDS prevention, care and
treatment are met.

Gupta said that this year, World AIDS Day is being observed in 20 different
parts of Chandigarh involving and covering the population. AIDS Awareness,
Health Camps, Rallies, Burning of the AIDS demon, puppet shows, AIDS awareness
candle marches, exhibitions, poster making, slogan writing competitions, nukkar
nataks, are being conducted by partner NGOs in collaboration with the Chandigarh
State AIDS Control Society. Students holding placards, banners and red ribbon in
their hands will raise slogans regarding HIV/AIDS prevention.

In the evening, volunteers across the city will take out candle marches in their
respective areas to take a pledge for creating awareness for prevention of HIV/
AIDS transmission and to fight against discrimination against people living with
HIV/AIDS.

This observance will be a wake up call for all the people living across the city
to say no to drugs, unprotected sex and protect themselves and others from HIV/
AIDS infection.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             902 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 23, 2012 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Vast Array Is Challenge In Choosing Hearing Aid

BYLINE: By TRICIA ROMANO

SECTION: Section D; Column 0; Science Desk; WELL; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1299 words


The crackling noises coming from my left ear weren't a good sign.

Last year, when my decade-old analog hearing aid started making popping sounds,
I knew I had to replace it. But because hearing aids are so costly and generally
aren't covered by insurance, I had put it off. I soon learned that in the last
10 years, purchasing a hearing aid had become even more difficult and confusing
than buying a new car - and almost as expensive.

The first salesman I visited, in Los Angeles, looked at the hairline fracture on
my wax-encrusted aid. He warned me that it could shatter in my ear and advised
me to get a new one on the spot.

Alarmed, I visited Hearx, the national chain where I had bought my previous
aids. There, a fastidious young man spread out a brochure for my preferred
brand, Siemens, and showed me three models. The cheapest, a Siemens Motion 300,
started at $1,600. The top-of-the-line model was more than $2,000 - for one ear.
I gasped.

I've worn hearing aids for more than 30 years; I've had profound hearing loss in
my right ear and moderate loss in the left ear, the one where I wear the aid,
since I was 5. So I am probably savvier than most first-time customers, many of
them elderly and scared of what might happen if they don't buy an expensive aid.

A hearing aid is basically just a microphone and amplifier in your ear. It isn't
clear why it costs thousands of dollars.

But the digital era has ushered in new technology: Manufacturers boasted of
Bluetooth, multiple settings, "channels" and "bands," which processed sound and
fine-tuned it like a stereo's equalizer.

Perhaps that was why the Hearx salesman bristled when I asked what I could get
for $1,000. He likened the expensive model with 16 channels to listening to an
orchestra - and the eight-channel model to a car stereo. He didn't show me any
other options. It was as if I'd gone into a car lot and had been presented with
only Mercedeses, Porsches and Ferraris, when I wanted to see a Honda.

Feeling pressured, I ordered the "cheap" aid. But I quickly canceled the order
and started researching my options. I learned not only that now you can buy
hearing aids online, but also that Costco - a place where you typically get
toilet paper in bulk - has gotten into the hearing aid business.

Why have hearing aids become more expensive, while cellphones, computers and
televisions have gotten cheaper? Russ Apfel, an engineer who designed a
technology now found in all hearing aids, says there is no good reason for this.

"The hearing aid industry uses every new thing, like digital or a new algorithm,
to raise prices," said Mr. Apfel, whose company, Audiotoniq, aims to sell
sophisticated but affordable devices. "The semiconductor industry traditionally
reduces the cost of products by 10 to 15 percent a year," he said, but "hearing
aids go up 8 percent a year annually" and have for the last 20 years.

The microphones, speakers and processing chips aren't that expensive. "Those
devices in small volumes cost $10 to $15," Mr. Apfel said. He estimated that
most hearing aids cost no more than $100 to make.

Indeed, less expensive hearing aids are available online. At Audicus.com, prices
run from $399 to $599, a discount made possible by eliminating the middleman -
the hearing aid dispenser. "Retailers/audiologists account for up to 70 percent
of the final price of a hearing aid, because they factor in a bundle of
additional expensive services," the site states.

"The big discussion right now in the industry is about unbundling," said
Audicus's founder, Patrick Freuler. "The consumer has absolutely no idea how
much is the cost of the device, how much is the cost of the service that went
into testing, advising, programming, your after-sales support. All the customer
sees at the end of it is one big fat price tag that says, '$2,000.' "

And all of those channels are mostly marketing. "For someone with mild to
moderate hearing loss, the average hearing aid today is completely
overengineered," Mr. Freuler said. He cited studies showing that four or five
channels improve speech intelligibility.

There is a downside to buying online: Hearing aids need to be mailed in for
adjustments, an imperfect option.

Deborah Carlson, president of the American Academy of Audiology, said that the
high prices included research and development, and pointed out that audiologists
at private clinics provide customized service, including real ear measurements
and repeated follow-up visits. "They're going to understand your hearing loss
better" than a Web site, she said.

Cindy Beyer, an audiologist and a senior vice president of HearUSA, the parent
company of HearX, said in an e-mail that the company offers aids as low as $850
- but that the average cost of a hearing aid, according to a report from the
Hearing Review and House Institute, is $3,000.

In other words, my shopping experience could have been much worse.

When I told a friend about the sticker shock, she said, "Why don't you check out
Costco?"

The chain started selling hearing aids in 1993, and now has 438 hearing aid
centers. At Costco, a basic in-the-ear shell hearing aid costs $500, with the
most advanced behind-the-ear models going for $1,300.

And unlike the Internet retailers, Costco offers face-to-face service with
hearing aid dispensers and audiologists for custom fittings.

"As a company, we made a decision to go after this business," said Richard
Chavez, a Costco senior vice president. "I mean, to really try to become the
best in the world."

Costco's prices are less than half than the industry standard, despite the fact
that its hearing aids are produced by the same major companies, including Rexton
(a brand made by Siemens) and GN ReSound. Its in-house brand of aids, Kirkland
Signature, is also built by Siemens. And unlike many private hearing aid
dispensers, Costco employees don't work on commission.

Not surprisingly, Costco isn't winning any popularity contests in the industry.

"Oh, they hate Costco," Mr. Freuler said.

Sam Tanzer, a founder of an online store called Embrace Hearing (where prices
run from $399 to $899), said that private retailers had to raise prices to cover
fixed costs. "When you think about your typical independent audiologist charging
$6,000 for a set of hearing aids, he's not getting rich," he said. "Costco just
has much more efficient overheads. They don't have to pay a receptionist; they
don't have to lease separate space."

Admittedly, my experience at Costco was mixed. The inexperienced hearing aid
dispenser suggested a brand, Bernafon, that I was not familiar with. The sound
was compressed and tinny; it never sounded or fit right and had to be remade
several times. After seven or so visits, I was beginning to believe the adage
"You get what you pay for" (in this case, $950).

When I moved to Seattle last year, I went back to Costco and explained my
situation. Though nearly a year had passed, the store accepted a complete return
and gave me a new brand, which fit perfectly.

However, I may not have needed a new aid at all. Far into my Costco experience,
I saw a nondescript sign in Culver City, Calif., for a hearing aid professional.
I rang the doorbell, located discreetly inside an eyeglass shop, and an older
man beckoned me to a small, windowless room with wood-paneled walls and shelves
filled with odds and ends of the trade: hearing aid boxes, batteries,
replacement parts, silicone molds.

I told him about my misadventures and he looked at my cracked, wax-encrusted aid
- the one I was told was so dangerous it needed to be immediately replaced. He
put a stethoscope in his ear and listened to it. He said that he could clean out
the wax and have the shell repaired and that it would work just fine.

His price: $100.

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL:
http://well.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/10/22/the-hunt-for-an-affordable-hearing-aid/

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: CONVENIENCE: Costco also sells hearing aids at many of its
stores, offering a basic shell for $500 and advanced models at prices comparable
to those of online retailers. (PHOTOGRAPH BY SUZANNE DECHILLO/THE NEW YORK
TIMES)(D6)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                             903 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   Al-Shorfa

                            October 12, 2012 Friday

Financial aid lessens the burden on Lebanese students

LENGTH: 656  words


Lebanese university student Marc Sarkis, 19, saw a golden opportunity in the
grant and aid programmes that his private Lebanese university offers: completing
his specialisation in computer science.Sarkis told Al-Shorfa that if it were not
for this financial aid programme, he would not have been able to enrol at his
university."It is my first year, and my tuition is close to $8,000, plus
additional expenses," he said. "My family is not in a position to pay for my
tuition, so I requested aid and got it by virtue of my grades."Sarkis is one of
thousands of college students who take advantage of grant and aid programmes
offered by universities every year to enable students to complete their
specialisations. These programmes also alleviate the tuition burden on parents,
whose financial situations have declined due to worsening economic conditions
and a higher cost of living.The American University in Beirut (AUB), known for
its strong aid programme, "developed the programme to enable any student to
obtain financial assistance", Dr. Ahmad Dallal, AUB's provost, told Al-Shorfa in
a statement.Dallal said students must be facing financial difficulties to obtain
aid, but added that AUB has been granting "more aid to students as financial
hardship worsens, regardless of their grades, which are [normally] required to
be outstanding".AUB allocates $19.5 million of its budget to financial aid, he
said.So far this year, 3,363 students out of AUB's total student population of
8,260 have applied for financial aid.

Currently, there are 2,581 aid recipients, a 10% increase from last year,
according to Dallal.The main source of AUB's financial aid "comes directly from
the university's budget and generous donations to the university from its alumni
and friends", Dallal added.In 2011, the Lebanese American University (LAU) --
whose student population tops 8,000 students on its two campuses in Beirut and
Byblos -- awarded more than $13 million in financial aid, benefiting 24% of the
student body to varying degrees, according to Dr. Christian Oussi, LAU's
executive director of public and media relations.Oussi said he expects the
demand for financial aid and grants to increase."The university's office of
social affairs faces a huge task because students are bearing the brunt of the
deteriorating economic conditions," he said. "The number of students who apply
[for financial aid] is swelling, while the office struggles to sift through
information on each student's application to distribute the aid to those who
need it the most."LAU has also developed a part-time employment programme that
enables students to obtain salaried employment at the university."We allocate a
portion of the budget for aid, which is also funded through private support and
initiatives undertaken by [LAU] alumni associations around the world," Oussi
told Al-Shorfa.Notre Dame University (NDU) - Louaize in Kesrouan, is also seeing
an increase in demand for financial aid."Demand for financial aid is on the
increase," said Dr. Ziad Fahed, assistant director of student affairs at the
university. "Financial need is growing and the university is keen on fulfilling
its mission to serve the students and raise the percentage of aid recipients."
Aid at NDU takes four forms: salaried work programmes within the university,
grants to outstanding students, 15% discounts for students with siblings
enrolled at the university and scholarships for those who excel in sports, Fahed
said.The university funds all of this aid by itself, he added.Were it not for
the aid offered by private universities, Joseph Assaf, 21, would not be able to
graduate next year.Assaf, who is specialising in telecommunications engineering,
told Al-Shorfa, "This is the third year I have received financial aid for my
tuition, which exceeded $10,000 this year. The aid covers 80% of the tuition and
I work at the university for a salary that enables me to pay the rest."

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 851


                            Copyright 2012 Al-Shorfa
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             904 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Times (Kigali)

                          November 30, 2011 Wednesday

Rwanda Leads Call to End Tied Aid

LENGTH: 787 words


Rwanda is leading an appeal by African and other developing countries to urge
donor countries to provide aid without any conditions.

The call is being made at the 4th High Level Forum on Aid Effectiveness which
began yesterday in Busan, South Korea.

Rwanda, one of the countries credited for effective use of aid, is pushing for
an end to the practice of donor countries providing aid to African countries
with strings attached, at least by the end of 2013.

In an interview with The New Times, the Minister of Finance John Rwangombwa who
is in Busan, said that Rwanda is representing African countries in the
negotiations and drafting of the final document to come out of Busan.

Among other things, African countries want donors to end the practice of linking
aid to purchases from companies in donor countries and removing the conditions
that come with aid, to allow individual countries to map out their own
development plans.

"Rwanda is not just speaking for itself but we are representing other African
countries on the final document from Busan. We have been negotiating for more
than two months," Rwangombwa said.

"Our expectations are that Busan should come up with concrete measures that will
convince donors to abandon the practice of providing tied aid and instead move
towards supporting individual country programmes,"

The Korea meeting also aims at assessing progress made in improving the handling
of aid.

The Busan meeting is a follow up to the previous meeting in Paris where donor
and recipient countries agreed on a number of principles to improve aid quality,
amid growing concerns that development assistance was being fragmented and aid
delivery was often hampered by bureaucracy.

The lobbying countries led by Rwanda have received backing from civil society
and advocacy groups from around the world.

In an interview with The New Times, the Regional (East Africa) Representative of
the African Development Bank (AfDB), Gabriel Negatu said that the continental
bank is behind developing countries, observing that the time is now for donors
to trust them.

"I think Busan provides an excellent opportunity for African countries to speak
in one voice in favour of untying aid and also for the donors to make the
commitment to untie aid," Negatu said.

"This will allow countries to come up with their own policies and programmes
that suit their development demands, which means country ownership of the
development process. This is normally affected by tied aid."

Negatu said that tied aid has affected African countries in many ways and in
most cases such aid has not met its objectives as it ends up being spent back in
the donor countries, through purchases and consultancy services.

"Donor countries need to show confidence in the ability of countries like Rwanda
that have showed that they can move forward using home grown solutions, policies
and ownership of the development process by the people."

"Untying aid is not a new agenda, so Africa and its friends should use this
opportunity to advocate for the untying of aid. There is room for progress in
Busan," he added.

Negatu noted that African leaders like President Kagame, Jacob Zuma, Alassane
Outtara and Prime Minister Meles Zenawi should champion this cause, adding that
the AfDB strongly supports the call to untie aid.

Reacting to the development, Prof. Anastase Shyaka, the Executive Secretary of
the Rwanda Governance Advisory Council (RGAC), said that from the governance
point of view, it is possible for development partners to reach an understanding
with developing countries on untying aid.

He noted that donor countries should use other yardsticks to measure aid
effectiveness rather than stick to old principles and good governance is one of
them.

"Rwanda, for example, has been able to effectively use aid because of good
governance structures and frameworks which ensure accountability. So in my view
donors should provide aid to strengthen the same areas they cite weaknesses
rather than cutting it," Shyaka said.

Prof. Shyaka added that Rwanda has proved that aid effectiveness is related to
good governance and that it is possible that African countries can have a
rational dialogue with development partners to ensure a new paradigm shift on
how aid is regulated.

In 2001, donor countries pledged to end tied aid but there has been little or no
progress registered towards this, with analysts arguing that most of the aid
provided by donors has not been useful as it comes with strings attached.

It has been further estimated that over $69bn - more than half of the total
official development assistance has indirectly flown back to or remained in the
donor countries through purchases and procurement deals which result from the
set conditions.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             905 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Asia Pacific - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                          September 23, 2010 Thursday

Chinese premier urges more anti-AIDS efforts at UN panel

LENGTH: 1057 words


Text of report in English by official Chinese news agency Xinhua (New China News
Agency)

[Xinhua "Feature": "Chinese Premier Urges More Anti-AIDS Efforts at UN Panel"]

United Nations, Sept. 22 (Xinhua) - "We cannot turn a deaf ear to the call of
life, and we must not be slow in reaching out. We should redouble our effort to
advance the global campaign against HIV/AIDS and ensure that the related MDG be
met on schedule," Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao said here Wednesday at a UN panel
on anti-AIDS efforts.

At the UN headquarters, Wen expressed China's determination on HIV/AIDS
prevention and control and called on countries worldwide to work together to
meet the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs). He also shared his personal
experiences with officials and experts of the UN and world countries attending
the AIDS plus MDGs discussion panel.

As the premier shared his experiences, he suggested that the disease equalled a
death penalty for HIV/AIDS patients. The bitter expression in the eyes and faces
of the patients and the desperation of broken families - all the suffering of
those people affected by HIV/AIDS - profoundly moved the Chinese premier time
and time again.

Despite shouldering a heavy daily work load and a busy agenda since taking
office more than seven years ago, the Chinese premier has not forgotten the
suffering of HIV/AIDS patients and their families.

Wen often visits the patients, makes friends, listens to them and encourages
them to have faith to live - all this interaction helps the premier better
understand the real feelings of the patients, who often call Wen "a volunteer"
and close friend.

More than 300 representatives across the world, who were wearing red ribbons,
the global symbol of the fight against AIDS, listened intently to the heartfelt
words of the Chinese premier.

"Each time I visit a groaning AIDS patient or an elderly person or child whose
loved ones were killed by the disease, each time I walk into their homes and
hold their hands in mine, I feel deep in my heart a strong sense of
responsibility, a belief that the government needs to do more on their behalf,"
Wen said.

Love and duty to life are the common language of mankind. Wen's words touched
the participants of the meeting deeply.

Motivated by love, the Chinese premier frequently visited AIDS patients in
hospitals and China's Henan and Anhui provinces, and made friends with them.

Motivated by love, the Chinese premier invited 15 AIDS-affected children to
Zhongnanhai, the Chinese leadership's Beijing compound, in December 2006.

Motivated by love, the Chinese premier visited a hospital in Uganda and shook
hands with African AIDS patients. He still remembers what Uganda advocates: "We
are fighting AIDS, not AIDS patients."

Motivated by love, the Chinese government has taken active measures. An HIV/AIDS
prevention and control committee was set up in 2004. Over the years, the mid-and
long-term programme on HIV/AIDS prevention and control and two five-year action
plans have been formulated. Regulations on HIV/AIDS prevention and control were
promulgated in 2006.

Funds allocated by the central government to HIV/AIDS prevention and control
have jumped to 1.6 billion yuan (some 239 million US dollars) this year from
some 100 million yuan (some 15 million dollars) in 2001.

The fast spread of HIV/AIDS in China has been basically brought under control.
The mortality rate has been significantly lowered, and the livelihood of
infected persons and patients has markedly improved.

Motivated by love, the Chinese premier made a strong call here to further
enhance international cooperation on HIV/AIDS prevention and control, and
promised that China would donate 14 million dollars to the Global Fund in the
next three years.

"Love helps ease the pain of AIDS sufferers, although no permanent cure for AIDS
has been found yet," Wen said.

The Chinese premier still remembers the people he met and the words they said.

"Here, I cannot help thinking of the kids that I invited to Zhongnanhai three
years ago. Among them was a 12-year-old boy from Fuyang city of Anhui province,"
Wen said.

"He lost both parents to AIDS, and his aged grandmother was the only person he
could turn to in the family," Wen continued.

"When I asked him what he wanted to say to me, he said, 'I want to be a doctor
when I grow up. I want to build a world that no longer has HIV/AIDS, a world
where no kid will lose his parents to AIDS,'" Wen recalled.

"Those were but simple words from an innocent child, yet they spoke to the best
of humanity. They were the call of life, the call of conscience and the call of
hope," Wen said.

The Chinese premier expressed his hope that "there will come a day when we will
defeat HIV/AIDS and see on the faces of unfortunate victims smiles of hope, not
tears of despair."

"Let us work even harder for the early arrival of that day," Wen said. The
concluding words of his speech were warmly applauded by the participants of the
meeting.

After Wen's speech, 11-year-old Ebube Taylor, a Nigerian girl, told her own
story.

Taylor said her mother was infected with AIDS. Fortunately, the mother took
drugs at an early stage of the disease and thus didn't infect her daughter.

"Otherwise, I cannot go to school if I was infected with the disease when I was
born," the girl said.

"I'm so lucky. But how many children are as lucky as me?" she asked, expressing
the hope that no child would become an AIDS carrier and succumb to the disease.

The girl's mother was also present at the meeting. She received warm applause
when she was introduced to the representatives at the meeting.

Ethiopian Prime Minister Meles Zenawi, who also introduced his country's
experiences and practices, praised China's achievements on AIDS prevention and
control.

When Wen left the meeting room, there was another round of applause for his
powerful speech.

Assistant Director-General of UNESCO's Africa Department, Lalla Aicha Ben Barka,
said China is a big country with a big population and has taken various measures
to prevent HIV/AIDS, including HIV/AIDS education, which was important for
school-aged children.

"China's strong commitment and leadership, the right strategy and process and
the sufficient resources behind the strategy are the most important for the
fight against HIV/AIDS," she said.

Source: Xinhua news agency, Beijing, in English 0803 gmt 23 Sep 10

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2010 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             906 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                           November 24, 2009 Tuesday

Pakistan: 'Most AIDS cases in Pakistan go unreported'

LENGTH: 569  words

DATELINE: Pakistan


Pakistan, Nov. 24 -- LAHORE- SPEAKERS at a seminar on HIV/AIDS have pointed out
a huge discrepancy in the actual incidence of AIDS among up to 80,000 patients
against a registered number of just 5,500 patients in Pakistan.They were
speaking at a seminar on 'Prevent HIV/AIDS through responsible behaviour - Avoid
drugs, unsafe sharing of needles and unscreened blood' organised by the Mir
Khalil-ur-Rahman Memorial Society in collaboration with Universal Access and
Human Rights, Punjab AIDS Control Program, UNICEF, UNAIDS, European Commission
and Interact Worldwide in connection with World AIDS Day, falling on December 1,
2009, here at a local hotel on Monday.Punjab AIDS Control Programme (PACP)
Project Manager Dr Ali Razzaq said that the causes of HIV/AIDS included unsafe
sex, unscreened blood transfusion, used needles, syringes and other instruments
as well as drug addiction, especially through unsafe practices, while adding
that there was a stigma attached to AIDS and patients didn't get treatment. He
said people should not discard AIDS patients because the disease didn't transmit
to other through handshaking, eating food, using towel and bathroom and
performing daily routine works together.

He urged the MNAs, MPAs, religious scholars and other educated segments of
society to play role in creating awareness among the people regarding prevention
of HIV/AIDS.The PACP project manager said that, with the assistance of World
Bank, a total of 10 NGOs were working in different districts of Punjab, which
had established 120 blood banks and 13 AIDS prevention centres across the
province. He said the government was offering free treatment to AIDS
patients.Prof Dr Javed Akram, Principal Allama Iqbal Medical College/Jinnah
Hospital, said the precautionary measures should be adopted to prevent HIV/AIDS.
He said AIDS was the fourth largest killer disease in the world. 'If a patient
acquires AIDS, he/she will have to live with it for life because it could only
be controlled and not fully cured,' he said, adding that the disease was
transferred to human beings through monkeys. He said the first AIDS patients in
Pakistan emerged in 1981 and the virus was detected in 1983.Dr Zahid Pervaiz,
Medical Superintendent Mayo Hospital, said that as many as 150 AIDS patients
were registered with the Mayo Hospital and 80 patients were getting full-fledged
treatment. 'The hospital is also providing free food and medicines to these
patients,' he added.Dr Sadaqat Ali, Professor of Surgery Services Hospital, said
the doctors, if diagnosed AIDS among any patient, must inform him and his family
so that such a patient might not spread the disease among others.Dr Ghulam
Siddique dispelled the misconception that AIDS also spread through mosquitoes.
He said this disease was spread through contact with the infected blood of AIDS
patients, adding that barber's tools, ear and nose piercings, usage of
unsterilised instruments by roadside dentists, transmitted the disease among
people.Laila, who represented eunuchs, said that if people, particularly male
and female sex workers, adopted precautions then the disease could be prevented.
Dr Nasir Sarfraz, Dr Abid Atiq, Dr Jamil Ahmed Chaudhry, Dr Noor, Dr Hashim and
others also spoke. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak
Banker. For more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             907 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            October 1, 2009 Thursday

Sri Lankan:Lankans need to change attitude towards AIDS victims

LENGTH: 457  words

DATELINE: Pakistan


Pakistan, Oct. 31 -- Around 33 million people are infected with Acquired Immune
Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS) globally. In comparison to other countries, Sri Lanka
has found only 1,161 victims.

Around 84 per cent of heterosexuals in Sri Lanka have been identified with Human
Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) positive, Senior Consultant Venereologist Dr.
Sujatha Samarakoon said at a Workshop for media personnel on HIV/AIDS at Hotel
Renuka on Tuesday.Dr. Ms. Samarakoon said that when the AIDS virus entered the
human body ,the CD 4 cells would be killed and the immune system of the body
would be completely paralyzed.The immune system would then have no power to
fight bacteria, germs and viruses.She pointed out that the AIDS virus was first
discovered in 1981 in the United States and no efficacious medical treatment to
cure infected patients had been found so far. AIDS prevention programmes were
constantly updated in Thailand, Cambodia, India and the United States because
people, especially drug addicts, homosexuals and intravenous drug users were
contracting the virus.Sri Lankans needed an attitude change on AIDS because
almost all Sri Lankans had misunderstood and avoided AIDS victims as if they
were from a separate social class.Sri Lankans looked at AIDS patients as a
strong social stigma. AIDS patients were human beings who needed kindness from
everybody.Consultant Physician IDH hospital Dr. Ananda Wijewickrema said that of
the 1,161 AIDS positive cases in Sri Lanka 42 per cent are females.When the HIV
virus entered the human body it would take 10 to 12 years to develop into
full-blown AIDS. The man or woman would not be aware of the insidious
development of the virus and HIV test should be done to make certain, if one was
suspicious of it.He said, AIDS Foundation Sri Lanka had been conducting
workshops, seminars and awareness programmes for people and journalists on HIV/
AIDS and possible prevention methods. AIDS could be identified as sexually
transmitted disease and although some countries had legalized prostitution the
AIDS virus had raised its ugly head day-by-day.Dr. Wijewickrema emphasized that
housewives would be likely to contract AIDS virus through their husbands because
some husbands were inclined to seek sexual pleasure from prostitutes without
using condoms.The husbands who had the AIDS virus were in the habit of passing
the virus to their wives and to new borns.He said that AIDS was not a contagious
disease and Sri Lankans should change their attitudes towards AIDS victims. They
also had equal rights as others in the society Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Right Vision News. For more information on news feed please
contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             908 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            March 15, 2007 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Colleges taking another look at value of merit-based aid

BYLINE: Mary Beth Marklein

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 8D

LENGTH: 846 words


Good grades and high test scores still matter -- a lot -- to many colleges as
they award financial aid.

But with low-income students projected to make up an ever-larger share of the
college-bound population in coming years, some schools are re-examining whether
that aid, typically known as merit aid, is the most effective use of precious
institutional dollars.

George Washington University in Washington, D.C., for example, said last week
that it would cut the value of its average merit scholarships by about one-third
and pare the number of recipients, pouring the savings, about $2.5 million, into
need-based aid. Allegheny College in Meadville, Pa., made a similar decision
three years ago.

Now, Hamilton College in Clinton, N.Y., says it will phase out merit
scholarships altogether. No current merit-aid recipients will lose their
scholarships, but need-based aid alone will be awarded beginning with students
entering in fall 2008.

Not all colleges offer merit aid; generally, the more selective a school, the
less likely it is to do so. Harvard and Princeton, for example, offer generous
need-based packages, but plenty of families who don't meet need eligibility have
been willing to pay whatever they must for a big-name school.

For small regional colleges that struggle just to fill seats, merit aid can be
an important revenue-builder because many recipients still pay enough tuition
dollars over and above the scholarship amount to keep the institution running.

But for rankings-conscious schools in between, merit aid has served primarily as
a tool to recruit top students and to improve their academic profiles. "They're
trying to buy students," says Skidmore College economist Sandy Baum.

Re-evaluating aid

Studies show merit aid also tends to benefit disproportionately students who
could afford to enroll without it. That's where demographics enter the picture.

"As we look to the future, we see a more pressing need to invest in need-based
aid," says Monica Inzer, dean of admission and financial aid at Hamilton, which
has offered merit scholarships for 10 years. During that time, it rose in US
News & World Report's ranking of the best liberal arts colleges, from 25 to 17.

Merit aid, which benefited about 75 students a year, or about 4% of its student
body, at a cost of about $1 million a year, "served us well," Inzer says, but
"to be discounting the price for families that don't need financial aid doesn't
feel right anymore."

Need-based aid remains by far the largest share of all student aid, which
includes state, federal and institutional grants. But merit aid, offered
primarily by schools and states, is growing faster, both overall and at the
institutional level.

Between 1995-96 and 2003-04, institutional merit aid alone increased 212%,
compared with 47% for need-based grants, a study by Pennsylvania State
University professor Donald Heller says. At least 15 states also offer merit
aid, typically in a bid to enroll top students in the state's public
institutions.

But in recent years, a growing chorus of critics has begun pressuring schools to
drop the practice. Recent decisions by Hamilton and others may be "a sign that
people are starting to realize that there's this destructive competition going
on," says Baum, co-author of a recent College Report that raises concerns about
the role of institutional aid not based on need.

A fast 'merry-go-round'

David Laird, president of the 17-member Minnesota Private College Council, says
many of his schools would like to reduce their merit aid but fear that in doing
so, they would lose top students to their competitors.

"No one can take unilateral action," says Laird, who is exploring whether to
seek an exemption from federal antitrust laws so member colleges can discuss how
they could jointly reduce merit aid. "This is a merry-go-round that's going very
fast, and none of the institutions believe they can sustain the risks of trying
to break away by themselves."

A complicating factor, he and others note, is that merit aid has become so
popular with middle-income families, who don't qualify for need-based aid, that
many have come to depend on it. And, as tuitions continue to increase, the line
between merit and need blurs.

That's one reason Allegheny College doesn't plan to drop merit aid entirely.

"We still believe in rewarding superior achievements and know that these
top-notch students truly value the scholarship," says Scott Friedhoff,
Allegheny's vice president for enrollment.

Emory University in Atlanta, which boasts a $4.7 billion endowment, meanwhile,
is taking another tack. This year, it announced it would eliminate loans for
needy students and cap them for middle-income families. At the same time, it
said it would expand its 28-year-old merit program.

"Yeah, we're playing the merit game," acknowledges Tom Lancaster, senior
associate dean for undergraduate education. But it has its strong points, too,
he says.

"The fact of the matter is, it's not just about the lowest-income people. It is
the average American middle-class family who is being priced out of the market."


LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Julie Snider, USA TODAY, Source: Donald E. Heller,
Pennsylvania State University
National Center for Educational Statistics (BAR GRAPH)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDUCATION

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2007 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             909 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                               December 01, 2006
                                Surveys Edition

Early detection vital for patient and helps cut costs

BYLINE: Erica Webster

SECTION: HEALTH; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 668  words


Early detection vital for patient and helps cut costs

Disease management programme is proving its worth, writes

ESTABLISHED in 1998 as a division of Medscheme's health risk management
business, Solutio Health Risk Solutions' Aid for AIDS was the first HIV/AIDS
disease management programme provider to be introduced in SA.

Rodney Cowlin, director of Aid for AIDS says that until then, HIV/AIDS was
largely excluded from medical scheme cover. Medical schemes provided very little
by way of benefits for any sexually transmitted infection, Cowlin says.

"Some trust trustees justified this view by arguing that HIV/AIDS is
self-inflicted. Even then, this was rather na£ve and inconsistent with medical
schemes' obligation to provide comprehensive medical cover."

"Our argument was that the costs associated with HIV/AIDS are unavoidable and
the active exclusion of benefits would not prevent HIV/AIDS from having an
effect on scheme expenditure," Cowlin says.

And it didn't take much to convince the schemes, he says. "An analysis of one of
the schemes within the Medscheme stable revealed that from the number of HIV/
AIDS-related tests submitted to pathology laboratories, there was indeed a
prevalence of the disease within the profile of that scheme.

"We recommended that this scheme take cognisance of the situation and provide
benefits, which they duly did," he says.

Since then, Aid for AIDS' client base has grown from a handful of contracted
medical schemes to 33. Twenty-one of these are administered by Medscheme.

Aid for AIDS provides a range of services, from a basic disease management
programme to comprehensive workplace solutions, for organisations in SA and
Africa whose employees do not have conventional medical scheme cover.

"In the early days we had the challenge of getting different systems to talk to
each other. But we have overcome many of those hurdles and have learnt how to
deal with alternative administration systems by putting a project management
team in place.

"Eight-and-a-half years is not a long time, but we have learnt a lot," Cowlin
says. More than 30000 people are currently registered on Aid for AIDS, with
about 18000 on ongoing highly active anti-retroviral therapy.

The staff complement has grown from six to 50 and includes a dedicated
management team, a full-time specialist, 22 qualified nurses and pharmacists, as
well as IT and administrative staff.

Further specialist support is provided by a clinical advisory committee
comprising experts in the field of HIV and AIDS.

"Over the years Aid for AIDS has succeeded in creating a cost-efficient
infrastructure, which, combined with our wide-ranging network of doctors, has
allowed us to enjoy substantial economies of scale.

"We have done a huge amount of work in developing the network and equipping
doctors with cutting-edge training and technology," Cowlin says.

He says one of the strengths of the Aid for AIDS model is its capacity to scale
up while still maintaining high levels of care.

"We pride ourselves on our ability to maintain patient contact and are delighted
by the rapport our treatment counsellors have with patients.

"Thanks to technology, we can accelerate the frequency of contact with our
patients. Our electronic reminder system triggers an SMS to the patient and
allows that individual to send an SMS back to us at little or no cost."

People living with HIV benefit greatly from an effective disease management
programme, says Cowlin. "Unfortunately, people are often reluctant to disclose
their status.

"While their reluctance is understandable, it does hamper efforts to encourage
them to enrol in programmes.

"If a person is enrolled early and his or her circumstances are monitored
scientifically, it is possible to obtain recent CD4 levels and viral loads and
to pinpoint the most opportune times to introduce treatment.

"The typical spike in costs if a patient ignores the disease until
hospitalisation becomes inevitable, is huge, but if that person enrols early,
those costs can be avoided," Cowlin says.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             910 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              June 5, 2006 Monday
                                   1 Edition

Evolution of an epidemic

BYLINE: RON BRACKETT

SECTION: FLORIDIAN; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 881 words


Twenty-five years ago today, federal health officials quietly reported something
alarming: Five men in Los Angeles had a rare strain of pneumonia, and entirely
lacked the natural defenses to fight it.

Scientists later learned that when the report came out, thousands of Americans
already were infected with what would come to be known as AIDS.

In the past quarter-century, more than 25-million people have died in the
worldwide epidemic and nearly 40-million are estimated to be living with HIV.
Women and children, especially in developing countries, make up an
ever-increasing portion of those affected by what first was seen mostly in gay
men.June 5, 1981

* The Centers for Disease Control, in its Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report,
describes five cases of rare pneumonia and immune system problems in gay men in
Los Angeles.

1982

* At a CDC meeting to create guidelines for screening blood donations, the new
disease is given a name: acquired immune deficiency syndrome, or AIDS.

1983

* CDC makes first reports of heterosexual infections. French scientist Dr. Luc
Montagnier confirms the new disease is caused by a previously unknown virus.

1984

* American researcher Dr. Robert Gallo says he has isolated the virus that
causes AIDS. It turns out to be the same virus the French had identified; a
decade of legal battles begins. Gallo also develops a blood test to screen for
the infection.

1985

* President Ronald Reagan mentions AIDS at a press conference.

* Teenage hemophiliac Ryan White, who got AIDS through a blood product, is
banned from his Indiana school. He eventually wins the right to attend classes
and dies in 1990.

* Actor Rock Hudson confirms he has AIDS. He dies in October.

1986

* The virus that causes AIDS is named: human immunodeficiency virus, or HIV.

* The CDC determines the AIDS rate is three times higher in African-Americans
and Hispanics than in white Americans.

* The first drug therapy, AZT, slows the progression of AIDS.

1987

* ACT UP, the AIDS Coalition to Unleash Power, is formed.

* The Arcadia home of the Ray family is burned after a judge rules that the
family's three hemophiliac sons, who got AIDS from tainted blood products,
should be allowed to attend school. Ricky Ray dies in 1992 at age 15; Robert
dies at 22 in 2000. Randy still lives in Florida.

* AIDS Memorial Quilt is displayed in Washington.

1988

* For the first time, more new AIDS cases are attributed to needle-sharing than
to sexual contact.

1990

* Kimberly Bergalis of Fort Pierce contracts AIDS from her dentist, Dr. David
Acer. Five other patients' infections are traced to Acer, who died in September
1990. Bergalis died in 1991.

1991

* Red ribbons to symbolize AIDS awareness are worn for the first time to the
Tony Awards.

* Basketball player Magic Johnson announces he has HIV.

1992

* Tennis player Arthur Ashe discloses that he had contracted HIV, most likely
through tainted blood products. He dies in February 1993.

1994

* MTV casts 22-year-old Pedro Zamora, an AIDS educator and gay activist, on The
Real World. Zamora dies of AIDS one day after the season finale.

1996

* The AIDS cocktail, a combination of antiretroviral drugs taken several times a
day, is unveiled.

1997

* The first human trials of an AIDS vaccine begin with 5,000 volunteers. It
proves unsuccessful.

1999

* AIDS becomes the No. 1 killer in Africa.

2002

* The FDA approves a new finger-prick blood test that can detect HIV in 20
minutes.

2003

* President Bush announces a five-year, $15-billion plan for AIDS prevention,
treatment and care.

2004

* About 95 percent of the people with AIDS live in the developing world.

2005

* The FDA begins approving generic AIDS drugs.facts about aids

* HIV is the leading cause of death worldwide among those ages 15 to 59.

* Women comprise an increasing portion of people living with HIV or AIDS, up
from 41 percent of adults in 1997 to 46 percent in 2005.

* Young people ages 15 to 24, most of them women, account for about half of new
adult HIV infections.

* Most young people living with HIV/AIDS are women.The United Nations expects
$15-billion will be needed this year to fight AIDS in low- and middle-income
countries.

* Since 1981, at least 1.6-million people in the United States are estimated to
have been infected with HIV. More than 530,000 have died.

* There are about 40,000 new infections each year in the United States, down
from more than 150,000 a year in the 1980s.

* About a quarter of those infected with HIV in the United States do not know
it.

* Florida, with 96,849 cases through 2004, ranks third in the nation; more than
10,000 cases have been in the Tampa-St. Petersburg area.

* At the end of 2004, about 100,000 people with HIV were living in Florida.

What's next?

TESTING: The CDC is expected to recommend soon that as part of routine medical
care, every American ages 13 to 64 be tested for HIV at least once.

VACCINES: There are more than 30 therapeutic vaccine candidates that would try
to stop HIV from progressing to AIDS. Most scientists agree it will take decades
to create a successful vaccine.

To learn more

* Frontline's "The Age of AIDS": www. pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/aids/

* U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention: www.cdc.gov/hiv

* Joint United Nations Program on HIV/AIDS: www.unaids.org/en

* Also, for a photo gallery and more, go to http://links.tampabay.com

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: 25 YEARS OF AIDS

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, ASSOCIATED PRESS, (2); PHOTO, JOHN PENDYGRAFT; PHOTO; MAP, RON
BRACKETT

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             911 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                               September 7, 2003

African Aids patients disprove racist views on treatment

BYLINE: SUNDAY TIMES FOREIGN DESK

SECTION: Health; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 716 words


African Aids patients disprove racist views on treatment




NEW evidence is emerging that Aids patients in Africa are more disciplined at
following their pill regimens than Americans living with the disease -
contradicting the perceptions and long-held prejudices that have affected the
campaign to bring Aids drugs to millions in Africa.

The New York Times reported this week that some doctors, politicians and
pharmaceutical executives have argued that it was unsafe to send millions of
doses of antiretroviral drugs to Africa - because incomplete pill-taking would
speed up the mutation of drug-resistant strains that could spread around the
world.

Such a danger exists: almost 10% of all new HIV infections in Europe were
resistant to at least one drug or another.

But, the newspaper noted, the issue was particularly touchy in Africa - because
it was tinged with racism.

The Times noted as an example, the outcry sparked when a US Agency for
International Development director remarked in 2001 that Aids drugs "wouldn't
work" because many Africans don't use clocks and "don't know what Western time
is".

But surveys in Botswana, Uganda, Senegal and South Africa have found that, on
average, patients took about 90% of their medicine.

The US average was 70% - and the figure was worse among the homeless and drug
abusers.

The newspaper also said that complying with required dosage was getting easier.

Indian and other drug-makers, for example, were now making triple-therapy
cocktails which came in as few as two pills a day - a more convenient treatment
which was not yet available in the US because of patent regulations.

Doctors have claimed that most African patients were zealous about their
regimens - and were more truthful when estimating their adherence.

Dr David Bangsberg, a professor of medicine at the University of California in
San Francisco, told the Times that, on average, patients in the US told their
doctors they were doing 20% better than they really were.

But a study of 29 Ugandan patients found that, on average, they estimated that
they were taking 93% of pills - and were found to be taking 91%.

Although poor, with most of their countrymen earning less than $ 50 a month,
Ugandans would rigorously adhere to taking their $ 27-a-month,
Indian-manufactured twice-a-day, three-drugs-in-one pill.

In many such cases, one US doctor who has worked in Uganda told the Times the
whole extended family, possibly with several infected members, would chip in so
that one member would be saved to care for the children.

The doctor said: "If the whole family is pooling its resources to pay for you,
you damn well better take your drugs. That's a whole different scenario from the
US, where patients get free medicine and, if they change therapy, will let a
month's worth go to waste."

Several doctors in Africa said their patients were highly motivated because they
had seen friends or family die.

Most come in only when deathly ill, so the drugs seem to perform a miracle,
making them well enough to go back to work. And even $ 1 a day is a lot, so they
treat it as "an investment", said Dr Elly Katabira of Makerere University
Medical School in Uganda.

In Botswana, with the world's highest infection rate, pill counts on 400 of the
10 000 patients on therapy showed that 85% were taking their pills flawlessly.

There were, however, problems with some African programmes.

The Times said that in Nigeria, Africa's most populous country, an ambitious,
widely praised plan to get generic drugs to 15 000 citizens has been hampered by
red tape, corruption and a scarcity of laboratories.

The newspaper also quoted a recent Cape Town study, at a Doctors Without Borders
project in Khayelitsha, that found that

older patients, patients who took pills twice a day instead of three times, and
patients who spoke the same language as clinic staff tended to do best.

Because the drugs were scarce, the charity set high hurdles for patients, so
high that only 550 of the clinic's 5 000 visitors were now taking medication. It
reported extraordinarily high levels of compliance. Pill counts showed that,
after six months on treatment, 96% of the patients were still taking 95% of
their pills.




LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                       Copyright 2003 Times Media Limited


                             912 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  May 2, 2002 Thursday Five Star Lift Edition

AIDS WALK WILL RAISE AWARENESS AND FUNDS

BYLINE: Patricia Corrigan Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE; Pg. F1

LENGTH: 589 words


Participants at the 13th annual AIDS Walk on Saturday will notice a number of
differences, says Thomas Adams, executive director of the AIDS Foundation of St.
Louis.

"We're not having a lot of fanfare this year -- no rock bands, no daylong
celebration. It will be just a simple walk, held in the morning like everyone
else's, and then people can get on with their lives and their weekend," said
Adams. "In past years, we think it was unclear whether the walk was a special
event or a fund-raiser, so our mission this year is simply to raise awareness as
we raise funds."

Proceeds will go to benefit the AIDS Foundation of St. Louis, which provides
between $100,000 and $200,000 each year to organizations and agencies in the
metropolitan area that assist people living with HIV or AIDS. Among the
organizations that have received grants in the past are St. Louis Effort for
AIDS, Blacks Assisting Blacks against AIDS, Food Outreach, Bethany Place,
Doorways and Camp Hope, a program for children who are HIV-positive.

Last year, only about 1,000 walkers showed up for the AIDS Walk - half the
number that participated in 2000 - and a heavy rainstorm cut short the event.
Adams is confident that this year's downtown event will be better. "After Sept.
11, a lot of people sent money to New York City, but people have not forgotten
about local charitable organizations," Adams said. "People continue to send us
checks. It's almost as if that horrific experience has served to remind people
to be philanthropic."

Still, Adams said that some philanthropists who donated money in the past have
turned their attention to other charities, under the impression that the AIDS
Foundation was less needy now that new drugs allow many people with AIDS to live
longer. Adams said that is a misconception, and he hopes former supporters as
well as new people will take part in the AIDS Walk.

"With the newer drugs, people are living longer, but that also means that they
need our services longer," Adams said. "Besides, we still don't have a vaccine,
and we have much education to do."

Adams said he is particularly concerned about the many young people who he says
think "it's no big deal" if you get HIV or AIDS. Adams called that attitude
horrifying. "They think you just take some pills and you'll be OK again. They
don't understand the strict adherence to the medication that is required. They
also don't understand that the pills are very expensive and they don't work for
everybody," he said.

Also new this year at the AIDS Walk is the Mosaic Project, a collaboration
between the AIDS Foundation and Craft Alliance in University City. High school
students and youth groups with members ages 13 through 21 designed
6-inch-by-6-inch ceramic tiles to express the theme of "A World Without AIDS."
Fired at Craft Alliance, the tiles will be for sale at the Walk.

Adams said he hopes to raise $200,000 this year at the AIDS Walk so his
organization may continue to fund worthy programs. "This is an opportunity for
people to get involved at a very basic, inexpensive level, an opportunity for
people who share a common mission to help," he said. "The fact is that AIDS
still kills people, it is still an epidemic, and it is still part of our
community."

= = = =

AIDS Walk 2002

When: 10 a.m. Saturday (Registration will begin at 8, the opening ceremony will
take place at 9:30)

Where: Kiener Plaza, downtown

How much: $5 before the event or $10 the day of the walk

More info: To register, call 314-367-7273

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: Reporter Patricia Corrigan: E-mail: pcorrigan@post-dispatch.com Phone:
314-340-8324

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Color Photo - (AIDS Red RIbbon)

                  Copyright 2002 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             913 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                             June 26, 2001, Tuesday

THE AIDS CRISIS: LOCAL INITIATIVES ARE THE KEY TO A GLOBAL SOLUTION;
  HIV/AIDS AFFECTS EVERY COUNTRY DIFFERENTLY - A FLEXIBLE RESPONSE TO THE VIRUS
IS VITAL FOR SUCCESS.

BYLINE: Michael Durham

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 10,11

LENGTH: 879 words


The fight against Aids is worldwide, but this is not one epidemic. HIV/Aids is a
different disease in every country. Combatting it will mean using all the
resources each society can muster, but they will not be the same in every part
of the world.

Medical care, nursing and drugs are not enough. Of course, medically speaking,
the underlying cause, symptoms and course of the disease are the same all over
the world, but nowhere can health care alone fix the problem. Poverty, social
attitudes, religion and politics all play their part.

Take Latin America. In Chile and Venezuela, like many other parts of the world,
HIV/Aids is a disease of poverty, politics and discrimination. In countries
where religion remains a fundamental part of everyday life, Aids awareness seems
relatively high.

HIV/Aids is a disease of the barrios, or poor urban areas, of Santiago and
Caracas. But while numbers are not high in comparison to Africa, they are
significant enough for politicians and health workers to worry about whether
they are getting the balance right between prevention, information and
treatment. Here the issues are over the civic rights of people with Aids, and
the availability of reasonably priced drugs.

Chile has just 1 per cent of Latin America's Aids cases. "What Aids has done in
Chile is bring out, forcefully, the right to health as a basic citizenship
right," says Thierry Lemaresquier, the UNDP resident representative in the
country. "There has been discrimination in access to treatment."

Draft legislation addressing this has a good chance of being approved, and this
is one positive outcome of the Aids epidemic. Fortunately, in the farthest
-flung regions of the continent, HIV/Aids has not yet become a catastrophe.

Here and in Venezuela health workers are grappling with HIV/Aids as a poverty
issue, not solely one of health. People with Aids have to be empowered to
achieve the benefits taken for granted elsewhere: both countries are negotiating
with Brazil to try to import anti-Aids therapies at prices within reach of
health workers and patients.

In Venezuela, the resident representative Niky Fabiancic says infection by Aids
is low. In a country of around 24 million people, there have been 8,400 deaths
in 17 years, although up to 400,000 people may be infected. "The numbers are
low. The challenge is to keep it that way," says Mr Fabiancic.

As in Chile, religion, social attitudes and sheer geographical isolation may
have played a part in keeping down the number of infections. They must also be
taken account in deciding on a strategy to combat the spread of the disease.
NGOs have played a significant role in writing a new constitution which ensures
rights of access to treatment for people with Aids.

With UNDP prompting, the Ministry of Health has identified Aids as one of six
priority areas with an increase in budget from $ 2m (pounds 1.4m) to $ 50m
(pounds 35m) last year. About half is spent on prevention, half on treatment.
Drugs are free, but if supplies of generic drugs can begin to flow from Brazil,
many more can be treated.

Compare that with another country with a low incidence of Aids: China. China has
the potential of becoming the world's worst Aids meltdown. China is the Earth's
most populous nation, with 1.2 billion inhabitants. The population is so big,
yet HIV/Aids incidence is small: a fraction of 0.1 per cent - now. But in the
future?

The UNDP's resident representative, German-born Kerstin Leitner, treats HIV/Aids
as much as a human rights issue in China as a medical one. "In China, our
biggest battle is to get Aids out of the context that this is just another
disease that the health department ought to deal with," she says.

"The prevalence is tiny, but it's there and spreading. The first case was in
1985 in a south-western province and in less than 20 years it is all over. The
problem in China is that the modes of transmission are undesirable but also
illegal: prostitution, drugs and illegal operations which require blood
transfusions.

"People naturally jumped to the conclusion that punishment would be the answer.
The UN has been vocal in saying this will not work - you have to have education
and information. We are beginning to turn the tide in terms of greater awareness
in central government and society." A famous actor and rock concerts have
already been used in Beijing to get the message across.

Africa is where the Aids catastrophe has hit worst and it is here that some of
the most incisive anti-Aids programmes have developed. The whole of society has
to be involved in a huge, cascading-down anti-Aids push, from central government
to the smallest village.

They have done it in Nigeria, where recent figures suggest more than 6 million
people are infected with HIV, where the UNDP is working closely with NGOs and
community leaders, especially in the last two years. It has helped set up a
National Action Committee Against Aids reporting directly to the president.
ActionAid Nigeria has also built partnerships with other organisations, helping
to form a strong coalition of civil society organisations at the forefront of
advocacy, which is the envy of other African nations. There are many ways of
breaking the silence.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: School children in Uganda read 'Straight Talk', a youth magazine.; The
photograph is from 'A Broken Landscape', Gideon Mendel's book about; Aids and
HIV in Africa, published this autumn by Network in association with ActionAid
(pounds 19.95)

                      Copyright 2001 Independent Print Ltd


                             914 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                     March 7, 2001 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

Free drugs won't halt AIDS

BYLINE: Susan Martinuk

SOURCE: For the Calgary Herald

SECTION: COMMENT, Pg. A19

LENGTH: 755 words


AIDS has become the No. 1 killer in Africa. That says a lot for a continent
where poverty, famine and war are commonplace. But the full impact of AIDS is
only beginning to surface and chances are high that the coming genocide will
surpass the toll of all natural or man-made disasters that have ravaged Africa.

Sub-Saharan Africa is home to 25 million AIDS victims, 70 per cent of the
worldwide total, and this pandemic will kill one of every five Africans within
the next decade. With every minute that passes, there are 11 new HIV infections
around the world -- 10 are Africans. It's a recipe for catastrophe that will
undoubtedly have repercussions around the world.

So how can we ignore Africa's plight when we have the AIDS drugs that it so
desperately needs?

Stephen Lewis, Canada's former ambassador to the UN, said as much in a recent
statement to Canadians called, "J'accuse!" He calls western inaction to Africa's
AIDS problem the equivalent of mass murder. Similarly, Oxfam, an international
aid organization, has accused rich governments of waging "an undeclared drugs
war" against the world's poor. There have even been threats of massive lawsuits
against pharmaceutical companies by Third World AIDS victims who can't afford
drug treatments.

All of these nasty accusations -- just because western governments and
pharmaceutical companies have yet to provide mass amounts of expensive AIDS
drugs to developing countries.

Our complacency could be rooted in the fact that AIDS has become a tragically
effective method of "population control" in a continent overrun with inhabitants
it can't support. But on a less cynical note, there are real and legitimate
concerns which suggest that handing over AIDS drugs could exacerbate Africa's
problem.

Despite glowing press reports, anti-viral drugs don't cure AIDS. They prolong
and improve the lives of those who are HIV-positive, but they are now proving to
be much less effective in reducing the amount of HIV in the bloodstream over
long periods of time. AIDS experts recently issued warnings about the serious,
highly toxic long-term effects of these drugs and urged doctors to refrain from
giving them to patients until HIV infection reaches a high level.

In countries where modern medical facilities are almost non-existent and skilled
doctors are rare, accurate blood testing and patient monitoring is next to
impossible. Taking AIDS drugs isn't as easy as tossing back some Aspirin. AIDS
drugs must be taken as part of a strict and complicated regime that involves
diet and drugs. The possibility of success is greatly reduced when a majority of
the patients are illiterate and unable to set a daily routine that centres
around drug-taking.

Furthermore, taking these drugs outside of a consistent, monitored regime can
create new, drug-resistant strains of AIDS that will subsequently spread across
the globe. At that point, we all lose.

Forget about profits and a lack of compassion. It just doesn't make sense to
hand over these complicated drugs to countries that don't have the medical
infrastructure to properly manage the patients who take them.

Sending massive amounts of AIDS drugs is the easy solution. Westerners would
feel like we are doing something without realizing that the benefits to AIDS
victims are doubtful.

But going for the simple solution is a dreary reminder of former policies that
sent boatloads of condoms to Africa as the guarantor of "safe sex." An African
AIDS hospice says condoms only contributed to more infections by encouraging
promiscuous behaviour through a false sense of security.

So what can we do?

AIDS is entirely preventable. North Americans have become so reliant on condoms
for prevention and drugs for a cure that we have ceased to remember that HIV
transmission is in our control.

The root cause of a majority of AIDS cases is promiscuity and, at this point,
Africa's AIDS epidemic can only be stemmed by reducing the number of new
infections. Therefore, successful AIDS policies must focus on education to
change sexual behaviours.

In Africa, there are cultural barriers to communicating this message. But one
message transcends both African and North American cultures -- if you have sex
with multiple partners, you are at risk of a deadly disease. It means nothing
less than a cultural revolution (at home and abroad), but until this message is
the cornerstone of any AIDS policy, we will not eradicate AIDS or save Africa.

Susan Martinuk is a Vancouver freelance writer.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Opinion

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             915 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            January 19, 2001 Friday
                                  Late Edition

Firms subsidise half legal aid clients' costs;
LEGAL AFFAIRS

BYLINE: Katherine Towers

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 480 words


Law firms are being forced to bear more than 50 per cent of the costs of their
legal aid clients, who in turn are being "systematically disadvantaged" by cuts
to funding, a new report has revealed.

The report, released yesterday, found that law firms are subsidising at least
half of the cost of their legal aid clients' cases and that one-third of a
lawyer's time on a legal aid case was spent in correspondence with the Legal Aid
Commission.

"One of the things that lawyers have done in response to legal aid cuts is,
instead of offering diminished services, they are providing the same services
and absorbing the costs," the author of the report, Professor Rosemary Hunter,
said.

The national study by the Law and Justice Foundation compared family law
services received by legal aid clients with privately funded clients and was
commissioned partly by the Federal Government to inject empirical evidence into
the long-running debate over legal aid funding.

The report found that funding decisions of the commission were inconsistent and
inequitable and that 19 per cent of self-funded litigants who had been rejected
for legal aid were on social security.

It said legal aid family law clients had access to fewer resources and options,
were under intense scrutiny by the commission and were at the mercy of its
arbitrary decisions.

"I think there is a real problem with access," Professor Hunter said. "The
emphasis has moved away from providing universal access to justice to
disadvantaged groups to a much more limited set of aims.

"People who we would have expected to be eligible for legal aid women fleeing
violent relationships, children at risk are not necessary eligible for access
any more."

The report called for an increase in the fees for private practice lawyers
dealing with legal aid clients in a bid to halt the number of firms pulling out
of legal aid work.

Professor Hunter said more had to be done to attract lawyers back into providing
legal aid work and said increasing their fees was not the answer.

She said Legal Aid needed to offer a much more consistent approach to funding
across the board, to streamline its services and to improve communications with
the lawyers.

"The complaints made by lawyers were not just about the fees, but the hassle of
also dealing with the Legal Aid Commission, the fact that there are so few
grants available," she said.

But the report found that clients receiving legal aid did not appear to be
disadvantaged in relation to outcomes and were more realistic and satisfied
about their result than self-funded litigants.

It also found that in-house legal aid lawyers were more efficient and effective
than private lawyers, managing the case better and and receiving faster
outcomes.

"That's ironic in a way because, in response to legal aid cuts, many Legal Aid
Commissions reduced their in-house services and outsourced to private lawyers."

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illus: The Attorney-General, Mr Darryl Williams, launching the report
at a press conference yesterday. Photo: ROB HOMER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2001 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             916 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    November 28, 2000, Tuesday, Home Edition

Combating a scourge on World AIDS Day;
 Healthy Living: YOUR TUESDAY GUIDE to MEDICINE ad HEALTH CARE

BYLINE: Gracie Bonds Staples, Staff

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: Features; Pg. 7C

LENGTH: 541 words

Last year, 2.8 million people died from AIDS, the highest global total since the
epidemic began.

That those numbers have resulted largely from years of denial and inaction weigh
heavily on metro Atlanta AIDS activists as they approach another World AIDS Day.
The annual observance is set aside to strengthen global efforts to address the
challenges of the epidemic.

Although Friday is the official observance, local activities will span three
days. A 7 a.m. prayer breakfast Friday will be followed by a wide range of
activities, including free HIV testing, health fairs and banquets.

The breakfast, along with health and oral HIV testing, will be at the
Interdenominational Theological Center, 700 Martin Luther King Drive, on the
Morehouse College campus. AID Atlanta will also announce the start of its HIV
Negative campaign.

Positive Impact, a nonprofit agency that provides mental health and prevention
programs for people affected by the AIDS virus, will host ''Gratitude and
Remembrance Day.'' The observance is free to the public and will begin with a
disclosure workshop at 9 a.m. Friday at 159 Ralph McGill Blvd., Suite 605.

From noon to 1 p.m. Friday, there will be a service of remembrance. Ministers
and representatives from at least five other AIDS service organizations will
participate.

Other scheduled activities include:
Friday

"Meeting of the Minds'' banquet, Steak & Ale, 60 International Blvd., Atlanta, 7
p.m.; $ 25; open to the public.

Free HIV testing at Our Common Welfare, 4319 Memorial Drive, Decatur; and at
Hillside Chapel and Truth Center annex, 2450 Cascade Road, Atlanta, 7 a.m.- 7
p.m.

Hispanic Outreach and HIV testing, lower level of Lindbergh Plaza, 2581 Piedmont
Road, 9 a.m.-5 p.m.

Oral HIV testing at Atlanta Legal Aid, 151 Spring St. N.W., 11 a.m.-2 p.m.

AID Gwinnett and the American Red Cross host an HIV/AIDS Information Fair,
Gwinnett County Justice and Administration Center, 75 Langley Drive,
Lawrenceville, 8 a.m.-5 p.m.

Candlelight vigil and service of hope, Buford United Methodist Church, 285 Main
St., Buford, 6:46 p.m.

World AIDS Day 2000: Millennium Observance hosted by the National Center for
HIV, STD and TB Prevention, 10 a.m.-noon, Building 8, Corporate Square, Atlanta.


Saturday

The Alpha and Omega HIV/AIDS Foundation's Celebration of Love and Remembrance at
6 p.m. at the Chosen Generation Community Church, 4687 Stockbridge Road, Stone
Mountain.

AID Atlanta Shopping for Life; participating retailers will donate a percentage
of the day's sales to AID Atlanta. A list of merchants is online at
www.aidatlanta.org.

Ninth annual a cappella concert benefiting African-American HIV-preven-
tion education programs of AID Atlanta, 8 p.m., Rich Auditorium, Woodruff Arts
Center, 1280 Peachtree St.

Sunday

Interfaith Service of Hope & Healing for a World Living With AIDS, 7 p.m. at The
Temple, 1589 Peachtree St. N.E..

POSH Productions' New Year's Fashion Prevue 2001, Zoo Atlanta, 800 Cherokee Ave.
S.E., 3 p.m. Benefits AID Atlanta's Children's Fund. Information: 770-
541-7674..

Tuesday

AID Gwinnett invites teenagers to hear how they can teach peers about HIV/AIDS,
6 p.m. at AID Gwinnett, 725 Scenic Highway, Lawrenceville.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                             917 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                       May 05, 2000 Friday, ALL EDITIONS

AIDS cases in city fueled by drug use;
 HIV tracking data released

BYLINE: George B. Griffin; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 716 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER



- The continuing AIDS epidemic in Worcester is being fueled by intravenous drug
use among people infected with HIV.

That assessment was made after reviewing data compiled by the Department of
Public Health's HIV surveillance project, which began in January 1999.

Since Jan. 1, 1999, all physicians and other health care providers have been
required to report all cases of HIV infection to the state DPH, using a system
of unique medical identifier'' numbers used to keep track of individual cases.

Under this system, the DPH does not receive the name of the patient, but an
identification that includes the patient's age, sex, race, zip code, the first
two letters of the patient's last name along with the number of letters in the
last name, and the last four numbers of the patient's Social Security number.

The regulation requiring the reporting of HIV infection added a second level of
surveillance to the existing regulation requiring doctors to report cases of
AIDS.

The data collected during the first 14 months of the HIV surveillance program
were presented publicly for the first time yesterday to a gathering of about 50
health care providers, agency workers and others at AIDS Project Worcester, 85
Green St.

The data, according to Jean Flately McGuire, director of the Department of
Public Health's HIV/AIDS Bureau, show that HIV transmitted by intravenous drug
users accounts for a significant percentage of the AIDS cases in Worcester.

That fact, she said, demonstrated the importance of needle exchange programs and
decriminalizing possession of hypodermic needles.

A majority of people in the state support needle exchange and the concept of
harm reduction,'' Ms. McGuire said.

The regulation requiring tracking of HIV infection was adopted in part because
tracking only people who had fully developed AIDS did not account for many
others deemed to be at risk of developing AIDS.

The reason is that better treatment has lengthened the period between being
infected with HIV -- the virus that causes AIDS -- and development of AIDS
symptoms can be 10 to 15 years. That fact has skewed AIDS statistics in a way
that shows an apparent decrease in the severity of the epidemic, when, in fact,
a decrease may not be occurring.

There are now 6,551 people living with AIDS in Massachusetts. But the
surveillance data released yesterday show there are an additional 4,818 people
who have been diagnosed with HIV, but who had not, until now, appeared in the
DPH's AIDS data.

The new data also suggest there are unique and very different epidemics in
different parts of the state.''

In Central Massachusetts, the recent data showed that a greater percentage of
the people living with HIV are women, while in Boston and the Metro West area, a
greater percentage of the people living with HIV are men who have sex with men.

The variation in rates of AIDS cases per 100,000 people varied widely among
Massachusetts cities and towns.

Worcester's rate of people living with AIDS is 172 per 100,000, a rate nearly
double the overall Massachusetts rate of 95 per 100,000.

But a number of communities, many much smaller than Worcester, had much higher
rates. Springfield's rate was 206 per 100,000; New Bedford, 193 per 100,000;
Lawrence, 211 per 100,000; Holyoke 247 per 100,000 and Boston, 316 per 100,000.

AIDS is concentrated mainly in the most densely populated areas, including
Boston, Brockton, Cambridge, Fall River, Holyoke, Lawrence, Lowell, Lynn, the
mid-Cape (Barnstable, Dennis, Harwich and Yarmouth), New Bedford, Springfield
and Worcester.

Sixty-two percent of the state's people living with AIDS are in these
communities, which represent only 28 percent of the state's population.

Ms. McGuire cautioned that the data recovered since Jan. 1, 1999, were not
enough to indicate trends in the AIDS epidemic. It would be at least another
year and possibly two before the data were sufficient to show changes in the
demographics or severity of the epidemic.

The Worcester presentation was the first of five meetings that will be held
across Massachusetts to show the data to the public.

The next meeting is from 9:30 to noon Tuesday at the Holiday Inn, 711 Dwight
St., Springfield.

Other meetings will be held in Lawrence, Lakeville and Jamaica Plain.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHART; PHOTO; (CHART) T&G Staff (PHOTO) T&G Staff/CHRIS CHRISTO ;
(CHART) AIDS rates in selected cities (PHOTO) Jean Flately McGuire, director of
the Department of Public Health's HIV/AIDS Bureau, discusses the newest AIDS
data at the AIDS Project Worcester office yesterday.

               Copyright 2000 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                             918 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                        June 29, 1998, Monday, Edition 1

RICH-POOR GAP
 TRAGEDY OF AIDS

BYLINE: Laura Beil

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 650 words


Cost keeps drugs beyond reach
 of many nations, conference hears



 SPECIAL TO THE STAR
 GENEVA - The 12th World AIDS Conference began yesterday with
 participants buoyed by evidence that drugs might keep patients
 healthy, but discouraged by the knowledge that most infected
 people will never have a chance to take them.
 As with the last international AIDS meeting in 1996, conference
 organizers will emphasize the widening gap between the northern
 and southern hemispheres. Of the more than 30 million people
estimated to be infected with the human immunodeficiency virus,
 about 21 million live in southern Africa. In the United States
 and other industrialized nations, new infection rates have
 stabilized or dropped.
 ''Nearly 90 per cent of persons living with HIV in the world do
 not have access to therapies because they live in a country where
 the annual costs of an anti-HIV therapy may represent, in certain
 cases, the annual budget of a hospital,'' Ruth Dreifuss,
 Switzerland's top health official, said during the meeting's
 opening yesterday.
 Annual costs of an anti-HIV therapy may equal a hospital's annual
 budget

 Almost 13,000 researchers, doctors and advocates have gathered
 this week in Switzerland to hear more than 5,000 research
 presentations during the world's largest and most comprehensive
 meeting about AIDS. Among the topics to be discussed are new data
 about the long-term effects of AIDS-fighting drugs, efforts to
 develop a vaccine to the virus, and new approaches to treatment.
 New data will suggest that mothers even in disadvantaged
 countries might be able to use anti-AIDS drugs to prevent
 infecting their babies.
 Studies will also reveal the epidemic's constantly shifting
 patterns. Infection rates in 27 countries have more than doubled
 in the past three years, said Dr. Peter Piot, executive director
 of the Joint United Nations Program on HIV/AIDS. Some countries
 in Eastern Europe have seen HIV infection rates rise sixfold
 since 1994. Last year, Piot said, AIDS was as deadly as malaria.
 ''Notwithstanding our progress, we continue to confront an
 epidemic which in many parts of the world is wiping out the
 development gains that so many have worked so hard to achieve
 over many decades,'' Piot said.
 In a conference designed to bridge rich and poor, one pledge of
 support came from one of the world's wealthiest men. Microsoft
 founder Bill Gates announced yesterday his donation of $1.5
 million to the International AIDS Vaccine Initiative, an
 organization launched two years ago to encourage the development
 of an AIDS immunization.
 ''Only a vaccine has any chance of ending the global AIDS
 epidemic,'' said Dr. Seth Berkley, the group's founder.
 As well as the focus on better utilizing resources in the fight
 against AIDS, Reuters reported on the following initiatives and
 developments discussed on the first day of the conference:

 The ''next great wave'' in treating HIV and AIDS could come from
 blocking the door through which the virus enters healthy cells in
 the immune system.

 Dramatic success rates attained by new AIDS drugs in clinical
 trials are not being matched in real life.
 While there was no doubt new drug combinations had changed the
 face of AIDS, ''our reality in 1998 differs significantly from
 the expectations raised by clinical trials,'' Dr. Melanie
 Thompson of Atlanta reported.
 The meeting was last held in 1996 in Vancouver.
 It is organized by Global Network of People Living With AIDS, the
 International AIDS Society, the International Council of AIDS
 Service Organizations, the International Community of Women
 Living with AIDS, and the United Nations.
 KNIGHT RIDDER NEWSPAPERS


 AIDS
 AIDS conference opens in Geneva



LOAD-DATE: June 29, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: RUTH DREIFUSS:
 Swiss official has mixed feelings about new therapies.

                  Copyright 1998 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             919 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                           November 24, 1995, Friday,

MAINERS PREPARE FOR WORLD AIDS DAY;
ART, WORSHIP AND A VISIT FROM DR. JOYCELYN ELDERS, THE FORMER SURGEON GENERAL;
ARE PLANNED FOR TUESDAY.

BYLINE: Steven; G. Vegh Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE, Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 453 words


Those who help people with AIDS plan next week to use art, worship and Dr.
Joycelyn Elders to draw Mainers to join their cause.

Elders, the former U.S. surgeon general, will speak Tuesday in Portland at a
dinner marking the 10th anniversary of The AIDS Project.

Elders plans to talk about AIDS education and ''personal responsibility.'' Her
speech is scheduled for 7 p.m. at the Holiday Inn by the Bay.

Next Friday, Mainers will mark World AIDS Day through film, art, worship,
lectures and gatherings of fellowship. The events will memorialize those who
have died of AIDS and honor people who have been affected by AIDS and HIV, the
virus that causes the disease.

''Recognizing the work of people and the worth of people living with HIV/AIDS is
something I feel a lot of people are drawn to, whether their lives have been
impacted or not'' by the disease, said Susan Tremblay, associate development
director for The AIDS Project.

Last year, World AIDS Day signalled the start of a yearlong commemoration of The
AIDS Project's 10 years of helping people with HIV and AIDS. The AIDS Project
has evolved from a volunteer group to a professional organization with 17 paid
employees, more than 200 volunteers and an annual budget of $ 750,000.

Its decade-long history is signficant in several ways. It is, foremost, a
recognition that AIDS and HIV is a concern common to many people and not to just
a small group that is easy to overlook.

''It's to recognize that this is a disease that is 'ours,' not 'theirs.' We're
all going to be touched if we haven't been already,'' said Paul Draper, the
acting executive director of The AIDS Project.

Draper became acting director after Deborah Shields resigned as executive
director last month, after members of the group's board of directors told her to
change her management style or leave.

Next week's commemoration will acknowledge that The AIDS Project is an
established member of Maine's array of social services, Draper said.

''We're here as a resource for individuals, for community organizations, for
business,'' he said. ''We're here, we're permanent, we do a good job. People
shouldn't be ashamed of associating with us.''

Broad community involvement in The AIDS Project's anniversary events throughout
the year have helped to counter discrimination against people with HIV and AIDS,
Draper said.

Likewise, World AIDS Day targets ignorance about the disease and bias against
infected people, Tremblay said.

''Here in Portland, it really offers a variety of venues for people to show
their support for AIDS service organizations,'' she said. ''It makes it easy for
people to be involved. It offers a variety of events all on one day.''

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 1995 Guy Gannett Communications, Inc.


                             920 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                          October 11, 1995, Wednesday,

MAINE AIDS PLAN CATALOGS IDEAS FOR INVOLVEMENT;
THE NEW PLAN CONTAINS DOZENS OF 'ACTION STEPS' ANYONE CAN TAKE TO HELP VICTIMS;
OR PREVENT AIDS.

BYLINE: Steven; G. Vegh Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE, Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 575 words


A plan that will be released today provides Maine citizens, groups and
businesses with dozens of ways they can stop the spread of AIDS and help people
infected with the disease.

The 272-page Maine AIDS Plan, to be unveiled this afternoon in downtown
Portland, describes the disease's grip on Maine and tells Mainers how they can
ease it. The plan was composed by 200 volunteers, and funded by the U.S. Centers
for Disease Control and other agencies.

''There is something for everyone,'' said Martha Piscuskas, the project's
director. ''You don't have to be a radical AIDS activist to do something.''

As of June this year, at least 651 Mainers had been diagnosed with AIDS, and
more than 315 had died, the plan says. The Maine Bureau of Health estimates that
more than 2,000 Mainers have HIV, the virus that causes AIDS.

The plan contains dozens of specific ''action steps'' that individuals and
groups can take to support people with AIDS or fight the disease's spread.
Recommendations range from asking businesses to educate their employees about
AIDS to encouraging citizens to help raise money to combat the disease.

The project's organizers are trying to make sure the plan does not gather dust.
They have hired an employee to spend the next year promoting the plan's steps
with people and groups of all kinds - churches, youth groups, companies,
business owners, legislators, civic groups, schools and clubs.

The action steps vary, depending on the place or organization. For example, the
plan identifies public places such as airports, malls, beaches, museums and
beano halls as prime locations for drawing public attention to AIDS issues.

The prescribed action steps include providing AIDS prevention education
''appropriate to each set ting'' and audience. Such projects should be
cooperative efforts among businesses, churches, civic groups, police or other
groups.

Kate Perkins, who is on the plan's coordinating committee, said the plan allows
people and groups to choose the options best for them.

''I see a tremendous opportunity for people in the community to use this as a
resource,'' said Perkins, who represents the Maine Community AIDS Partnership.
''If I, for example, were part of a church looking for a project for the coming
year, I'd be able to turn to the Maine AIDS Plan.''

Bringing authenticity to the action steps are more than 20 stories in the plan
that describe how some Mainers are already raising AIDS awareness. For example:

In Belfast, Linda Hollis, a hair salon owner with no HIV-positive friends,
sponsors a haircut-a-thon to raise money for the local AIDS coalition.

In Jay, International Paper devotes a third of its employee health training
sessions to understanding AIDS and blood-borne diseases.

In Portland, the Community Counseling Center started an HIV/AIDS family therapy
service, even though its clientele is not AIDS-focused.

The plan also includes lists of local, statewide and national AIDS service
groups, family planning clinics, anonymous test sites and groups that address
AIDS as part of their mission.

Additionally, the plan summarizes the Americans with Disabilities Act, which
covers people with AIDS, and Maine laws relevant to people infected with the
AIDS virus.

''Our commitment is to get this out there and into people's hands,'' Piscuskas
said. ''We designed it so organizations and people, as well as policy makers,
could read it and use it.''

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 1995 Guy Gannett Communications, Inc.


                             921 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   March 8, 1995, Wednesday, JOURNAL EDITION

Letters;
In My Opinion

BYLINE: ROBERT S. WAYNE; Decatur

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 326 words


To have your opinion considered for this special feature, please include a
photo, brief biography and a telephone number. Mail your submissions to: Journal
Editorial, P.O. Box 4689, Atlanta, Ga. 30302.

Skandalakis should learn about AIDS

The Editors: I have applauded the efforts of Mitch Skandalakis to bring fiscal
responsibility to Fulton County and his attempts to reach out to all segments of
our diverse community. That is why I was disturbed and saddened by his proposal
for HIV testing of all athletes competing in the county.

I hope his comments were based on ignorance and were not designed merely to
pander to the prejudices of constituents who seek to use the fear of AIDS and
the politics of hate to promote their own form of a conservative agenda.

Certainly, the public has a right to be protected, but the individual also has a
right to be protected from discrimination resulting from ignorance and
prejudice.

Could Skandalakis possibly believe he has a better understanding of the
mechanics of AIDS transmission than the Centers for Disease Control or the
International Olympic Committee? He should get correct information about AIDS
from AID Atlanta or one of the many other groups providing AIDS education. He
should take the time to speak to people with AIDS and learn firsthand of the
discrimination and challenges they face every day.

Skandalakis should not abuse his public office to foster unfounded fears of AIDS
contagion or use the legitimate concerns of public safety as a smoke screen to
garner political support. He should get the facts about AIDS transmission and
consider the devastating impact that his proposals would have on people living
with HIV before taking a public position that is founded in ignorance or
political expediency.

Robert Wayne is an attorney who volunteers his services to AID Atlanta and the
AIDS Legal Project. A native of Decatur, he enjoys travel in Europe and
gardening.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: mug of Robert Wayne

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                             922 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             July 24, 1994, Sunday

NEWS UPDATE AIDS task force appointment prompts move, pride in fight

BYLINE: By Paul Kaplan STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Section G; Page 2

LENGTH: 817 words


Charles Nelson was a student at Morehouse College in 1983 when he was learned he
was HIV-positive and was told he had two years to live. In April - 11 years
later - the biochemist was named to an 18-member federal task force that was
created to speed the research and testing of drugs to fight AIDS.

He was surprised by the appointment, and proud of it. "We've never had a disease
in this country where the people who are infected are proactive in shaping the
issues of care and treatment," Nelson said, noting that three members of the
National Task Force on AIDS Drug Development are HIV-positive.

"One of the first things we've done is identify the barriers to AIDS drug
development and make recommendations for removal," he said.

The committee meets in Washington, and Nelson recently decided to move there
full time and take a job with the National Minority AIDS Council, a nonprofit
organization that develops leadership on AIDS issues in communities of color.

Nelson said he's still not showing symptoms of the illness, but his T-cell count
is dropping - a possible indicator of the onset of full- blown AIDS. "Clearly,
the virus is having an impact on my immune system," he said.

But the 33-year-old gay-rights advocate has come to grips with his illness.

"I no longer feel oppressed by my status; I accept where I am," he said. "HIV is
a part of my life, but it doesn't become me. I'm more than HIV."

Jogger who was shot is not leaving the inner city - yet

Businessman William T. Adams grew up in the house his grandfather built in Grant
Park in 1902 and has spent most of his 45 years working to make Atlanta's inner
city a better place.

But his commitment to the city as the place to raise his two young sons was
shaken in January when he was gunned down while jogging. Police think he was a
random victim of a gang initiation.

His Irish-immigrant descendants have been in Atlanta since 1852, and Adams said
after the shooting that he was considering moving his clan back to Ireland. Now,
he's staying put - but only if the violence is controlled.

"I don't want to run, [but] I have 4-year-old and 2-year-old boys," he said. "By
the time these guys get to be teenagers, if every kid on the block has a gun, we
don't want to live here."

The Adams shooting touched a nerve among Atlantans who are angry about all the
violence out there. He thinks it's because he's not a traditional victim.

"I'm white and middle class," Adams said. "I'm their next-door neighbor, and
that hit home to a lot of people."

Adams, who was shot twice in the leg and still has fragments in his thigh,
doesn't even allow toy guns in his house. It's one family's statement about a
problem it doesn't know how to solve.

"People are not educated correctly, and don't value education, and have kids
early, and those kids see a lot of violence on TV and in their family and
community, and that breeds more violence - and somehow we've got to stop that
violence," Adams said. "I've thought about it, but i don't know how you begin to
do it."

Transplant patient is at home, but . . .

Before he became the state's first lung transplant recipient last August, David
Bell was hooked to an oxygen tank 24 hours a day for a year.

Today he's off the oxygen, but he's far from recovered.

"I just went through a fifth rejection, but I'm doing pretty good," a
weak-sounding Bell said from his home in Austell. "My body's still trying to
fight the organ. It doesn't seem to want to accept it."

Bell has pulmonary fibrosis, a hardening of the lungs, and if he continues to
reject the donor organ, he may need a second transplant to replace the other
diseased lung.

But the 41-year-old former construction worker, who has a wife and child, can
barely cover his living expenses with his disability checks and can't afford a
second transplant unless his insurer pays for it - which is uncertain.

Meantime, Bell cannot work or expend much more energy than it takes for a short
walk. "It's real stressful, especially on my little boy," he said. "He's 9, and
he wants his father to do stuff with him. But I can't."

The steroids Bell takes to prevent rejections have softened his bones, and he
has had broken ribs three times. But he's pain-free, and his prognosis is good.

In fact, since Bell's groundbreaking lung transplant at Emory University
Hospital, six more have been performed, including two double- lung transplants,
and all are doing relatively well, said Dr. Clinton Lawrence, director of the
lung transplant program at Emory. "David has been the unluckiest in that he has
had the most incidences of rejection," Lawrence said.

But he's alive. "The odds are he may have been dead by now without the
transplant," Lawrence said.

News Update appears on Sundays. If you have an idea for an item, call 526-5342
or write News Update, Box 4689, The Atlanta Journal- Constitution, Atlanta, Ga.
30302.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942080330

GRAPHIC: Photo: Mug shot of William T. Adams. Photo: Charles Nelson has moved to
Washington since he joined the National Task Force on AIDS Drug Development. /
DAVID TULIS / Staff

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                             923 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     June 8, 1994, Wednesday, City Edition

An illness of the spirit

BYLINE: THOMAS J. BILLITTERI

SECTION: FLORIDIAN; Connections; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1963 words



The questions come hard and fast to those with AIDS, questions that are
terrifying and lonely and ultimately unanswerable.

"When someone gets the disease," says Frank Crisafulli, who was diagnosed  with
AIDS in 1987, "they immediately think about death and dying. Then all  the
questions start: Where do you go (when you die)? What is the transition?  What
will you face? Who will you face?"

They are questions all terminal patients are likely to ask. But for those
infected with HIV, the virus that causes AIDS, spiritual comfort can be
especially elusive.

Faced with prejudice, ignorance and, frequently, physical separation from
friends and loved ones who wrongly think they can "catch" AIDS from a  handshake
or hug, those with HIV may bury their spiritual impulses or seek  help apart
from traditional religion: in 12-step programs, secular support  groups, private
reading or meditation.

"We still can't get (some) clergy to go to the bedside of a person dying  of
AIDS," laments Crisafulli, who is president of People With AIDS Coalition  of
Tampa Bay, a secular organization.

A former teacher at Most Holy Redeemer Interparochial School in Tampa and
one-time seminary student, Crisafulli thinks churches - in his case, the
Catholic Church - should be doing much more to minister to people affected by
AIDS. He's formed a grass-roots Catholic coalition called Works of Mercy to  try
to accomplish that.

"It's kind of like a gentle nudge, to help people in positions of
decision-making in the church to say, yes, this is something we need (to do)  to
live the gospel."

While more and more churches are becoming active on the AIDS front, some
ministers echo Crisafulli's concern, saying the religious response often has
fallen short of the Christian ideal.

"I think every denomination has not done enough," says the Rev. Carol  Schwenke,
a priest at Holy Innocents Episcopal Church in Valrico and  chairwoman of the
Committee on AIDS Ministry for the Episcopal Diocese of  Southwest Florida.

Some people with HIV, burdened by "fear and shame," simply don't seek  support
from their church, assuming they will be turned away, Schwenke says.  Others may
have sought spiritual help but have been "rejected, discarded or  turned away by
the church because of lifestyle, because of IV drug use,  because of
prostitution" or because of "the association" with the disease.

And yet, the spiritual needs of those with the AIDS virus are great, she  says.
"What . . . I usually hear is the need for them to hear of forgiveness,  for
them to hear of God's love for them as an individual person, and almost  always
the healing of the relationships that have been broken. . . .

"It's too often that we reject people, and their lives are so fragile that  they
don't want to put themselves in a place where they probably will be  rejected
again."

   The need for spiritual attention to those afflicted by AIDS grows ever more
compelling. Florida ranks third in AIDS cases, and the region encompassing
Pinellas, Hillsborough, Pasco and Hernando counties is 18th among U.S. cities.
In Pinellas and Hillsborough, cases totaled 3,893 as of April 1, growing at a
rate of one or two new cases a day. Experts think the number of HIV-infected
persons - those who may show no symptoms - could be 3-10 times the number of
those already diagnosed.

While gay men and intravenous drug users still account for most AIDS cases,
heterosexual contact is a growing source of infection, accounting for one in  10
cases in Hillsborough, one in 14 in Pinellas. Pediatric cases in Florida
totaled 818 as of April 1, putting Florida second only to New York State in
that category.

Yet, despite HIV's spread beyond the so-called "at-risk" and  "marginalized"
groups into the mainstream population, AIDS remains a  stigmatizing disease that
can leave its sufferers alienated and shunned.

"There is nothing as frustrating as being at somebody's bedside when it's  time
to die," says Michael Kinser, Crisafulli's companion. Because of  unresolved
guilt or other mental or spiritual anxieties, "they're so afraid  to let go, to
pass on to the next life. . . .  Not being able to give them  that peace is so
frustrating."

Joe Bruno, who learned about a year ago he has HIV, says, "All this  mystery -
no one really came back (from the dead) to tell us what's really  going on."

Bruno, whose beard, tan and sleeveless black shirt make him look much  younger
than his 64 years, was married 25 years. He fathered three children, a  boy and
two girls. He says he informed his wife of his homosexuality in 1971  and came
out publicly in 1980.

"I buried two lovers" because of AIDS, he says.

Raised in a conservative Italian-Catholic family, Bruno says he is  "fighting
between . . . two positions" - of feeling guilty over his  sexuality and of
believing in a merciful God. "I'm not totally convinced  (God) wouldn't damn me
to hell because I wasn't a good boy," he says.

Rather than turning away from religion or struggling with questions of
theology, some with AIDS experience new spiritual impulses that may not have
existed before they were diagnosed - impulses that a church can nurture or
dampen depending on its response.

"My own experience is that an HIV diagnosis produces . . . what's called
"savage grace' - a kind of inner awareness and inner strength that comes
forward as a result of making a decision to live with this kind of diagnosis,  "

 says the Rev. Tom Madden, pastor of Good Shepherd Catholic Church in Tampa.

Jack Coe, a 41-year-old St. Petersburg man who lost a brother to AIDS three
months ago and is HIV positive himself, makes a similar point. "Sometimes I
feel I was blessed with AIDS," he says, noting the disease has helped him
define his personal theology and brought him closer to his mother, Bette.

"Spirit is right there in front of you when you are confronted with life  and
death," Coe says. "My brother (Jimmy)'s passing - I don't think I've  ever
experienced a more beautiful, spiritual time than at that moment."

Even so, Coe says, "Lay (church) people came to the nursing home and told
Jimmy, "You're going to rot in hell.' "

   With AIDS into its second decade in the United States, religious groups  have
responded in a variety of ways, from distributing AIDS-awareness ribbons  to
sponsoring substantive workshops and support groups.

Catholic Charities, an arm of the Diocese of St. Petersburg, has an "AIDS
Buddy" program that operates in Pinellas and Hillsborough counties, two of  the
five counties covered by the diocese. The program matches trained  volunteers
with people with AIDS, their families and caregivers.

Volunteers help with grocery shopping, cooking, trips to the doctor, and  with
"practical' emotional and spiritual needs, says Rick Carson, the  Pinellas
County coordinator. Most of the volunteers are Catholic, but the  program serves
people of all faiths.

In addition, Catholic Charities has applied for government financing to  start a
residential AIDS facility in Tampa for mothers with dependent  children, says
Chuck Bevacqua, executive director. The project is planned in  collaboration
with Francis House, an interfaith AIDS center in Tampa, and St.  Joseph's
Hospital, he says. Bevacqua also says a doctor on the Catholic  Charities board
is doing an AIDS needs assessment in the St. Petersburg area.

The Episcopal diocese has twice-yearly retreats for people affected by HIV  and
AIDS and conducts parish educational programs and healing services in  various
locations.

Individual churches also offer AIDS ministries. Anona United Methodist in  Largo
has put on an AIDS workshop, is forming a support group for people newly
diagnosed with HIV, and sent five of its AIDS Caregivers members for training
as hospice volunteers. The group also distributes food to people with AIDS.

Lakeview Presbyterian in St. Petersburg sponsors an AIDS support group that
draws six to eight people weekly - roughly divided between men and women.
Pastor Earl Smith says his church isn't alone - he notes that John Calvin
Presbyterian in Tampa has an AIDS ministry, that many black churches in St.
Petersburg are active on the AIDS issue, and that the Presbytery of Tampa Bay
has an AIDS subcommittee.

"I feel like more needs to be done (by churches), but it's certainly an
improvement over what it was even a year ago," Smith says. "There are very  few
churches that haven't been touched by this disease, whereas just a few  years
ago it was a solid closet killer, and nobody wanted to talk about it."

Still, many clergy and AIDS activists say too many religious institutions  are
blind to the growing reality of the disease.

"We know there's a lot of fear and ignorance out there, especially with  some
fundamentalist ministers who tell our clients AIDS is God's divine  punishment
for their homosexuality," says Sister Anne Dougherty, executive  director of
Francis House.

"I think churches have been slow to respond to AIDS because for all too  long we
seemed to think it was affecting "other' people - mainly gay men and  IV drug
users," says the Rev. Frank Smith, who is on the Anona staff. "Now  more and
more we're finding AIDS within our church families, and we're slowly  and still
hesitantly getting involved."

Schwenke, the Episcopal priest, says that last summer another priest phoned  her
in need of advice on how to minister to someone with HIV.

"I should have called you a long time ago," he admitted, "before someone  in my
congregation was affected."

It is just this sort of episode that Crisafulli wants to head off in the
Catholic Church with his Works of Mercy group.

Its mission: Provide Catholic dioceses with reliable AIDS data, create a
clearinghouse for those wishing to initiate AIDS ministries, and help  Catholics
and non-Catholics with HIV to find spiritual support. Crisafulli  says some 98
bishops so far have expressed interest in receiving AIDS data and  a Works of
Mercy newsletter.

The Diocese of St. Petersburg will have no formal ties to Crisafulli's  group,
diocesan spokesman Joseph Mannion said several weeks ago. Bishop John  C.
Favalora "does all his AIDS work" through Catholic Charities, Mannion  said.

That response irks Crisafulli. He calls the buddy system "inadequate,"  saying
periodic visits by volunteers do not address many of the ongoing needs  of
people with AIDS.

Crisafulli also says Catholic Charities' plans for an AIDS facility  targeted to
mothers doesn't go far enough.

"This a good thing the diocese is doing, but they're missing the broader
picture. What about men - straight men, gay men? They're isolating a great
majority of people.

"Instead of dealing with people with AIDS, they're dealing with categories  who
fit into a nice sterile box of safety. And if any disease has not been a  safe
thing, this whole disease hasn't."

Crisafulli says he had an hourlong meeting last week with Favalora in which
they discussed the practical needs of people with AIDS. "It was refreshing to
see the bishop had good, informed questions," Crisafulli says. "I left there
with a sense of hope."

Still, while he sees the bishop as concerned and wanting to make "some  sort of
response" to the AIDS crisis, Crisafulli is taking a wait-and-see  attitude. He
notes that some U.S. dioceses are "much further ahead" of the  Diocese of St.
Petersburg, with AIDS hospice programs, food pantry programs  and other
initiatives.

"They're meeting every one of the spiritual and corporal works of mercy  that
Christ talks about in the gospels," he says.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, Dan McDuffie; Frank Crisafulli at his computer

                            Times Publishing Company


                             924 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                February 27, 1994, Sunday, SUNDAY SECOND EDITION

Two faces of foreign aid Turning aid into real help

BYLINE: By Gordon Barthos Toronto Star

SECTION: CONTEXT; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 1923 words


   IN ZIMBABWE'S poorest areas, thousands of children are getting hearty
breakfasts of maize-and-milk porridge, with Canadian help.

Oxfam Canada has helped rural villagers create a vast co-op network to ration
and distribute food.

One well-known activist, Sithembizo Nyoni, reckons that her group, the
Organization of Rural Associations for Progress, feeds a million people. They
aim to help every family dig a well, and plant a garden and an orchard, making
them self sufficient.

That's one example of Canada's foreign aid program at work.

But Prime Minister Jean Chretien's government served blunt notice in this week's
budget that the aid program is not sacred.

Describing aid as "discretionary spending," Finance Minister Paul Martin
announced a 2 per cent cut in 1994-95.

That was less than the hit many departments took. But it will bring aid down to
$2.6 billion, from $2.7 billion in 1993-94, and from $3 billion in 1992-93 (when
Brian Mulroney's Conservatives cut the budget by 10 per cent).

Moreover, aid will be frozen at $2.6 billion through 1996-97. Officials expect
to save nearly $400 million in the next three years.

Other major changes are on the way. Ottawa wants to reshape the entire aid
program, which officials say has gotten seriously off track and no longer meets
the needs of the poorest, as it was intended to.

Next month, Ottawa kicks off a sweeping review of Canada's foreign policy,
including aid, designed to tailor programs to the needs of the 21st century.

Whose needs, is the question.

Canada is one of the world's top 10 donors, in terms of how much of our national
wealth (measured as gross national product, or GNP) that we spend on aid -
roughly 1.6 cents of every tax dollar. We help more than 120 countries, and our
aid reaches millions of people.

Foreign aid is a major factor that makes Canada a player in world affairs, at
the United Nations, in the Commonwealth, at the Francophonie conference of
French-speaking countries, and in the G-7 group of industrial nations.

Because of Canadian aid, infant mortality rates have been cut in the developing
countries. Life expectancy has improved. Literacy is on the rise.

Yet 800 million people today still live in desperate straits.

Looming disasters like population growth, environmental degradation, famine,
armed conflict and mass migration have turned whole regions into tinderboxes.
The richer North, analysts say, cannot escape the consequences.

And those problems are compounding at a nightmarish rate in developing
countries, threatening to wipe out what Canada has been able to achieve.

In 1987, a federal report called Sharing Our Future defined Canada's aid
strategy as: "Putting poverty first: The primary purpose of Canadian official
development assistance is to help the poorest countries and people of the
world."

"We support the principles of Sharing Our Future, but we feel that in fact the
policies that are carried out in action are quite different from those stated
policies," says Christine Stewart, secretary of state for Latin America and
Africa.

"Therefore, we have to do a full review."

For one thing, the Liberals are determined to devote 25 per cent of aid to the
neediest, up from 18 per cent now. That will involve a major shift of
priorities.

"We need to refocus our aid effort on development, on easing poverty," agrees
Canadian Council for International Co-operation (CCIC) spokesperson Chris
Pinney. The CCIC represents 120 well-known volunteer groups like Oxfam Canada,
CUSO and Save the Children.

"A smaller aid program that focuses more on development, for example, might be
better than a larger program designed to help create Canadian jobs and
business."

Canadian aid experts have debated for years whether Canada underwrites too many
programs, in too many countries, with too little cash. Now the public will have
a say.

The Chretien government review of foreign policy and aid kicks off March 21 and
22 in Ottawa. It will be followed by cross-country hearings in April, May and
June by a joint Commons-Senate committee. The committee reports in the fall. And
the government response is expected before next year's budget.

"Most of the aid community welcomes the foreign policy review. They've been
pushing for it for years," says Chris Neal, the Canadian International
Development Agency's chief of media relations.

"The world has changed a lot since the end of the Cold War," he says.

"The government wants to get a sense of what Canadians want from their aid
program. Most Canadians support development assistance. But right now things are
tough in Canada with the economic recession. CIDA is part of that environment.
We're aware of the pressures, of the need to do more with less, of the need to
do something intelligent, with less."

Canada's aid program isn't just about feeding children and digging wells.

Over the years it has mushroomed to embrace human rights, economic development,
trade promotion, subsidies to domestic industry, environmental issues and even
the export of democracy.

* In Somalia, the Mennonite Central Committee is helping clan elders organize
meetings where factional squabbles can be ironed out before people start
reaching for guns.

* In Kenya, 15,000 farmers and countless schoolchildren have planted 2 million
trees with Canadian help.

* In China, Canada is spending $26 million over eight years to upgrade the oil
and gas exploration industry. China is a vast potential export market for our
ideas, and our technology.

* In the former Soviet Union and Eastern bloc we're spending $28 million this
year to foster democracy and economic reform.

The biggest part of our aid - 33 per cent in 1994-95 - goes to the so-called
"geographic programs," administered by CIDA in co-operation with other
governments, usually for things like dams, roads, hydro, or lines of credit and
balance of payments support.

Roughly 16 per cent is cash transfers to international banking institutions like
the World Bank and International Monetary Fund. Some 12 per cent is in food aid.
About 9 per cent is matching grants to voluntary agencies like Oxfam-Canada and
CUSO. The remainder is administration costs (6 per cent), aid to development and
research centres (7 per cent), technical co-operation (5 per cent), disaster
relief (3 per cent), joint private sector ventures (3 per cent) and student aid
(1 per cent).

Polls show strong support for aid. But the Mulroney Conservatives not only
slashed aid budgets, it cut off some of the poorest countries entirely:
Tanzania, Rwanda, Ethiopia, Kenya, Uganda, Madagascar and Burundi.

Over-all, the CCIC estimates that $4.4 billion, roughly $800 million a year, was
chopped from the aid program between 1988 and 1993. This week's cut means
another $400 million.

Although Mulroney pledged in 1988 to spend 0.7 per cent of GNP on aid by the
year 2000, our aid actually dropped from 0.49 per cent of GNP that year, to 0.42
per cent this year and to 0.41 per cent next year, the government estimates.

That drop of nearly a tenth of a per cent may look tiny, but it amounts to
roughly $700 million a year less going into foreign aid, based on Canada's $700
billion GNP. It's more than $2 billion short of 0.7 per cent.

Yet despite the cuts, Canada's program compares favorably with the Organization
for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) developed nations average of
0.32 per cent in 1992.

The Conservatives also required the aid budget to fund programs that had little
to do with helping the poorest: They included help for eastern Europe after the
Soviet empire broke up, designated some export development loans as aid,
included parts of their own environmental Green Plan, and considered loan write-
offs to Africa and even the imputed costs of educating foreign students in
Canada, all as part of the aid program, aid officials say.

That helped spark a fierce debate in foreign aid circles about just what
problems countries like Canada should address.

Some consensus is emerging among the 250 Canadian voluntary non-government
organizations that work with the poor worldwide:

* Canada needs to focus on primary aid issues: helping poorer countries become
self-sufficient in areas like food production, irrigation, medical care, and
education. That vision has gotten blurred.

* We need to set specific, focused goals for aid programs, and to monitor
results, so the taxpayer gets the best value for money.

* There's much questioning of whether other worthwhile goals - promoting
democracy, good government, an independent judiciary, respect for human rights -
properly belong in the aid budget.

* There's concern about whether our aid goes to the neediest. China, for
example, is Canada's second-biggest aid recipient. But China is far better off
than many developing countries.

* There's wariness of megaprojects that will fall apart once the aid program
expires.

* There's criticism of efforts to promote trade, as part of the aid budget.

* Should 60 cents of every aid dollar should be spent here in Canada, sustaining
48,000 jobs domestically, or is this just a subsidy to ourselves, rather than
aid? When Canadian technical experts or consultants are hired here, to go
overseas, the money stays here. Our farmers are paid for grain sent abroad. And
many aid loans are conditional on the recipient country buying needed equipment
from our manufacturers.

* Should Canadian diplomacy be enlisted to press more aggressively for, say, a 3
per cent cut in the developed world's military spending? Transferred to aid
budgets, that money could provide food, water, basic education and health care
to the people at risk.

CIDA, which delivers most of our aid, has also come under fire recently.

In a sharply critical report last month, federal Auditor-General Denis Desautels
found that CIDA was spread too thin, was not clearly focused on objectives, and
wasn't getting value for money from projects. He urged CIDA to get back to
basics - "helping people help themselves" - and to keep a sharp eye on whether
programs were delivering the goods.

For decades, some aid programs have tried to bring Western-style industrial
development to poorer countries. The effect, in some cases, has been to
undermine self-sufficient local communities, starting at the family and farm
level.

In searching for a Western-style good life, millions of people have abandoned
the land, and moved into teeming, ungovernable cities. War, famine, drought and
disease have made people's new urban lives even worse. Meanwhile in the
countryside, deforestation, soil erosion and flooding - basic ecological
problems - have thwarted efforts to improve food production. So has the scourge
of diseases like AIDS.

Economic recession, and huge amount of money moving North as the developing
countries pay off their debts, have created more misery.

As these factors combine, creating great misery in some regions, more people are
driven to seek strong leaders, or authoritarian regimes, to protect their small
portions of a shrinking economic pie.

By the year 2000, some analysts predict, we will see countries or regions
warring over scarce resources, creating unprecedented refugee migrations, and
exporting the developing countries' miseries back into the richer developed
states.

The experts disagree on how to avert this potential disaster. What they do agree
on, is the urgent need to address it.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1994 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             925 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                               February 11, 1994

EUROPEAN AID: PULLING THE STRINGS

BYLINE: JOHN VIDAL

SECTION: THE GUARDIAN FEATURES PAGE; Pg. 215

LENGTH: 1014 words


AS PERGAU blows into a first division political scandal for British aid, so
"Kibale" is embarrassing the EU. Between 1990 and last year, Europe - with help
from the World Bank - financed the eviction of up to 130,000 people from the
Ugandan forests they had been squatting for more than a generation.

In the name of conservation, the environment and of "helping" poor countries,
the tribespeople were trucked out with only a few days' notice and dumped. The
scandal still reverberates around Brussels.

Kibale, like Pergau, was a blue chip, $ US38 million EC-led development aid
project. The intention to arrest destruction of Uganda's forests seemed
laudable, but the intellectual naivite, and the brutality which marked the
removal of the communities was only matched by bureaucratic blind eyes being
offered throughout the 1980s in Europe, Washington and Kampala - all of whom
should have known from detailed advanced reports what the project would involve.
There has been no full enquiry.

Had it not been for Oxfam partner groups who blew the whistle, and a few MEPs,
no one need have known how the $ 38 million was used. And just as British aid
experts suggest that a Pergau could never happen again, so the EU maintains that
Kibale's lessons have been learned.

But have they? Even as the Ugandan scandal was unfolding last year, the House of
Lords select committee on European development aid was taking worrying expert
evidence. The world's largest aid giver (see the box below) was, according to
witnesses, "labyrinthine" in its bureaucracy; there was "little or no effort to
achieve co-ordination"; a "severely overstretched administration" was leading to
"inordinate delays"; there was "failure to follow up standard norms of public
administration", "poor evaluation of projects", "limited technical resources"and
"slowness to react to emergencies". The quality of EU aid, it emerged, was
severely strained and lacking an underlying rationale.

Yet many argue that, for all its faults, EU aid works better than bilateral aid
(aid provided between one country and another): there are few conditions
attached to it, it is substantially focused on the poorest countries and it
comes via grants, rather than onerous loans. All this makes it less subject than
most aid programmes to national politics and budgetary considerations.

But the two central criticisms - that EU aid is geographically skewed and that
it barely reaches the poor - remain. Although 67 per cent goes to sub-Saharan
Africa (with 184 million people in extreme poverty), just 5.5 per cent goes to
to south Asia (with 532 million). Populous poor countries, in particular,
receive next to nothing. Between 1988 and 1991, each Indian received just one US
cent of EU aid, compared with 45 countries which received more than 10 times
that.

Only 2.9 per cent in 1987 went on education, 4.1 per cent on health and just 1
per cent on population (the EU does not employ a single population specialist).
On the other hand, 18.9 per cent went on "economic infrastructure" - roads,
dams, electricity generation, for example - which often bypass the immediate
needs of people and, because they involve vast sums, are open to corruption.

Small-scale, community-based projects - shown to provide good returns - are
sidelined, if only because bureaucrats find it less trouble to deal with Western
consultants clutching ritzy proposals to spend vast amounts of budgets at a
stroke.

Who benefits? Latest figures suggest that African, Caribbean and Pacific
companies are awarded less than 17 per cent of the aid and just 6.2 per cent of
the technical assistance contracts (in other words, most EU aid works for the
benefit of member states). Significant amounts go to countries such as Turkey,
Tunisia and Jordan which, on poverty criteria, do not class as needy.

Although less subject to export pressures than bilateral aid between countries,
EU aid is still subject to political imperatives. In the wake of the Gulf war,
Egypt's share more than quadrupled to over $ 290 million. Jordan's rose 20-fold
to just under $ 200 million.

Meanwhile, changes are afoot that are alarming even fervent EU aid supporters.
The Lome convention, the flagship of the programme (see box, below) is under a
mid-term review which will take it forward to the end of the century. Post
Maastricht, the EU Commission is asserting itself, says Judith Randel of the
Independent Group on British Aid. "It wants its aid to reflect more its
development priorities."

Given that EU aid is not accountable to the European Parliament and that few
member states have the resources or the stomach to find out what is being done
in their name, this smacks of EU power-grabbing: Instead of developing countries
determining what they want, the Commission is seeking aid "conditionality" -
aid, for instance, would be linked to "good governance", "democracy" and human
rights.

"This is flawed," says Randel, "It avoids the issue of undercapacity - poor
countries are not going to be strengthened by the EC doing things for them - but
most of all it overlooks the Commission's own poor management."

Ecu soundings

- The EC and its member states provide almost half OECD aid, disbursing pounds
27 billion a year.

- EU aid grew 50.7 per cent in cash terms 1988-1992.

- Post Maastricht, more EU aid is channelled via Brussels, less by member
states. In 1987, 20 per cent of UK aid went through Europe, this year it is 23.7
per cent and it could be 40 per cent by 1999.

- In 1993, Britain contributed pounds 500 million to EU aid (including pounds
100 million to Eastern Europe) - 16.7 per cent of all EU aid.

- EU aid is divided between money sent directly from member states to 69
African, Pacific and Caribbean countries under the Lome Convention (40 per
cent). The rest (60 per cent) comes from the EU budget and covers food aid and
other countries.

- Almost one third of EU aid is food aid. This is the most controversial,
critics claiming it has undermined local producers.


LOAD-DATE: February 11, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                             926 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              June 11, 1993 Friday

LENGTH: 446 words


BERLIN (AP) Ä U.S. Surgeon General Antonia Novello released an AIDS report
Thursday that includes explicit instructions on using condoms and a new focus on
the dangers AIDS poses for women. The report documents a rise in the
heterosexual spread of AIDS in the United States, noting that in 1992, 39
percent of reported AIDS cases in women were attributable to heterosexual
contact, an increase of 42 percent since 1990. It warns women that AIDS can be
passed to infants through breast milk, and advises infected women to use infant
formula. It provides precise directions on how to wash needles and syringes to
avoid spreading AIDS through shared needles.

""It's done in a way that's non-judgmental, just factual,'' Novello said in an
interview. Work on the Surgeon General's Report on AIDS began in 1991, but it
languished under the administration of former President Bush, she said. The
Clinton administration and Health and Human Services Secretary Donna E. Shalala
made the report a high priority, Novello said. ""Secretary Shalala said, "I
understand there is an AIDS report. Where is it? Let's get it out,''' Novello
said. The report was released at a news conference at the Ninth International
Conference on AIDS. The report's release comes at a time when the Clinton
administration is under fire from AIDS activists for failing to honor a campaign
promise to appoint an AIDS ""czar'' to oversee federal AIDS research and public
health programs. The report, intended for the general public, includes
scientific information and recommendations to prevent the spread of AIDS.
Novello said a key point is the report's emphatic warning that spermicides and
other forms of birth control do not protect against AIDS. ""A latex condom, when
used correctly and consistently, offers the best protection against HIV,'' the
report says. Human immunodeficiency virus, or HIV, is the virus that causes
AIDS. The report also underscores the dangers AIDS poses to women, children and
teen-agers, Novello said. ""Between 1990 and 1991, cases reported among women
increased 17 percent, while cases in men increased only 4 percent,'' she said.
When AIDS was first identified, it was infecting 11 men for every woman. That
ratio has dropped to eight-to-one, Novello said. ""Among teen-agers with AIDS,
the (male-female) ratio is less than three to one,'' she said. Cases of AIDS
attributed to heterosexual transmission of HIV have more than doubled since 1989
among men and women, she said. AIDS is also spreading to rural areas, she
said.Byline: the end of 1992, 253,448 cases of AIDS had been reported in the
United States, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1993 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             927 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  December 11, 1991, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Working with AIDS // Businesses break through some barriers

BYLINE: Julia Lawlor

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1340 words

DATELINE: SALEM, N.H.


Night sweats. T-cell counts. AZT. HIV.

Doug Smith speaks the language of AIDS. When he was diagnosed in 1986 with the
virus that causes the disease, he thought he'd be dead in a month. Five years
later, he's the star of a Digital Equipment Corp. seminar on acquired
immunodeficiency syndrome at Digital's computer-manufacturing plant here.

On Smith's bad days, he takes a nap on the floor of his office. His night sweats
are so severe, he has to wrap himself in towels and flip mattresses several
times a night. Time moves too fast. Each day is precious.

''I'm 31, but I feel like these are my retirement years,'' says Smith, an
assistant manager of retirement benefits for a large Boston law firm. ''I'm
trying to live as you would live at the age of 65.''

A decade after the first cases were diagnosed, businesses across the country are
slowly realizing they can no longer afford to ignore AIDS.

Only about 20% of large corporations now have written policies or programs on
AIDS. Some, such as Digital, have mandatory AIDS education programs for
employees. Close to 200,000 people in the USA have been diagnosed with the
disease, and an estimated 1 million to 1.5 million people are infected with the
human immunodeficiency virus, which causes AIDS.

Unlike other life-threatening illnesses , such as Alzheimer's or heart disease,
the vast majority of those with HIV or AIDS are of working age - between 22 and
45.

''We're talking about working America,'' says Alan Emery, a management and
health consultant in San Francisco. ''Most businesspeople don't see AIDS as a
business issue. But it impacts the bottom line.''

Discrimination against workers with AIDS or HIV still exists despite federal and
state laws barring such treatment.

A 1990 survey of 13,000 AIDS-discrimination complaints by the American Civil
Liberties Union found 37% were employment-related. Outright firing of workers
with AIDS is less common today, but many companies are putting limits and
exclusions on health -care policies - a practice that has been upheld in some
courts.

The announcement last month by former basketball superstar Magic
Johnson that he is HIV-positive   has begun to change  negative

attitudes. Emery's office has been inundated with calls from companies wanting
help developing AIDS policies. Johnson's case drove home the point that AIDS is
not confined to gays or intravenous drug users. With improved drugs and early
treatment, infected worker s can be productive until the very last stages of the
illness. And large companies have found that paying AIDS claims has not caused
their health-care bills to soar.

A handful of corporations have been tackling the AIDS issue for years. Among
them: Levi Strauss, Pacific Bell, Bank of America, DAKA International, IBM,
Wells Fargo, Syntex, U S West and Aetna Insurance. Typically, they have a stated
policy that AIDS will be treated like any other life-threatening illness and
that an illness will be kept confidential unless an employee chooses to disclose
it. Most will accommodate workers with AIDS by allowing them to work part-time
or flextime or re assigning them to less-taxing jobs.

Digital has the only corporate office in the country devoted full-time to the
problem of AIDS. Started four years ago when the computer giant began to see the
first cases of AIDS among its 100,000 employees, the office has now trained
almost half of Digital managers and one -third of non-management employees. At a
recent four-hour AIDS seminar here, about 20 workers got a lesson on the medical
aspects of the disease from Cal Cohen, an infectious- disease specialist from
Beth Israel Hospital in Boston.
It took 10 years for the first 200,000 cases of AIDS to develop, - but another
200,000 will be diagnosed in the next two years, Cohen tells them. ''This thing
isn't over. And don't count on a vaccine. It will be the end of the decade
before we have anything close to one.'' If you think you can't get AIDS through
heterosexual contact or from anyone younger than 30, think again, he says.
Surveys show that about 20% of men have had sex with men and that most of those
also have had sex with women and three of every 1,000 college students are
infected with HIV.

Paul Ross, manager for AIDS programs at Digital, says more than 100 Digital
employees have died of AIDS the past three years. There was a time that Digital
workers were afraid to install computer systems in hospitals with AIDS patients.
''They thought they could get it by breathing or touching a computer or a
desktop,'' he says. ''People have to understand you can't catch this disease
casually. You have to put yourself in the way of it.''

The aim of Digital's program is twofold: to encourage people to get tested for
HIV, because early treatment extends life; and to create an environment in which
someone with AIDS feels free to disclose it. ''If people feel they're in a safe
harbor, they transcend their own fear,'' Ross says.

Often, companies will send trauma teams into the workplace after an AIDS death.
Jill Foley, a spokeswoman for Pacific Bell in San Francisco, has had two close
friends she worked with die of AIDS. The first she was prepared for. The second,
two years ago, happened unexpectedly.

Foley had spoken with him on the phone the day before he died. He was going into
the hospital for an experimental procedure. They both thought it might work. ''I
call you because you're the only one who gives me hope,'' he told her. ''My
doctors don't give me hope anymore.'' A few days later, as she was discussing a
business matter in her boss' office, the phone conversation came back to haunt
her. She fled the room and burst into tears. ''I realized when I was on the
phone with him that he was breathing the same way my other friend had the day he
died. But I'd put it out of my mind.''

From the very beginning of Digital's AIDS program, Ross decided to put a human
face on the disease by having people with HIV talk at the seminars. John Golden,
35, diagnosed with HIV in 1987, is the only one left of his original group of
three seminar speakers. One died in August. The other, Golden's boyfriend, died
in June. Golden quit his job at an upstate New York restaurant and moved to
Boston after someone stuck a ''Stop AIDS'' sticker on the wall. He was sick of
the gay jokes and felt it wasn't a safe environment anymore. Now on disability,
he announces to the group that three days ago, he stopped taking AZT, a drug
that slows the onset of AIDS. ''I've tried for two years, and it makes me
sick,'' says Golden, who suffered from nausea.  ''I'd rather live whatever time
I have left without the side effects.''

Golden talks about how his family can't accept the fact that he's gay. ''My
father was a cop who used to break up gay bars,'' he says. ''Their son has a
life-threatening illness, and we don't discuss it.'' He is matter-of- fact about
his own death. ''I want to be here as long as I can take care of myself,'' he
says. ''I'd like to think I'd have the option of checking out early.  I don't
want to be a human skeleton shuffling around with no mind.'' His mission now: to
dispel myths about AIDS and get the word out to children. ''I want to prevent
someone else from living my life,'' he says.

Smith tells seminar participants that he has a ''wicked guilty conscience''
about taking naps at work. ''I think if the wrong person walks in, I'll have to
jump up. '' But he's been lucky. His boss is understanding, and his Southern
Baptist family in Greensboro, N.C., is supportive.

Still, AIDS has changed everything for him. He's gotten rid of his Boston condo
and his furniture. His former goal, to own his own home, is now meaningless.
''Things look different,'' he tells the Digital workers. ''Colors are brighter.
You see so much more.''

Talking about AIDS publicly has given Smith a sense of purpose. ''It's so
important to me to look into someone's face and see that they've gotten the
message,'' he says. ''That's worth another year of life.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; color, Shawn G. Henry, SABA

CUTLINE: SPEAKING UP: Since testing positive for the virus that causes AIDS,
Doug Smith, left, and John Golden have become regular speakers at company
seminars on the disease.

TYPE: Cover Story

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             928 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                            June 20, 1990, Wednesday

Television as a forum for debate on HIV as the cause of Aids

BYLINE: From PROFESSOR PETER DUESBERG and others

SECTION: EDITORIAL PAGE; Page 20

LENGTH: 475 words


Sir: We understand the bewilderment of your correspondents from the All-Party
Committee on Aids to hear that Aids is not infectious, because so many
unbalanced reports have advanced the opposite view. Indeed, we agree that it
would be irresponsible to question the prevailing virus-Aids hypothesis if it
were the basis of a successful public health policy.

Clearly your correspondents must agree with us that it is not irresponsible to
question an unproven and unsuccessful hypothesis, particularly if it affects the
lives of so many. The virus-Aids hypothesis has yet to save the first Aids
patient, and has yet to stop the spread of Aids despite enormous research
efforts that have cost more than the battles against all viruses in history
combined.

Unfortunately, it is in the name of this unproven hypothesis that currently at
least 50,000 people are treated with the inevitably toxic DNA-chain terminator,
AZT. Moreover, the well intended but unsuccessful efforts to stop Aids by
providing clean needles and contraceptives for drug addicts has a dangerous
implication - namely, that drugs are not pathogenic unless contaminated by the
Aids virus. Indeed these are heavy responsibilities for those who have ''grave
concern for anyone involved in health education and the prevention of the spread
of HIV''.

Attempts to support the virus- Aids hypothesis by analogy to ''chronic
hepatitis, herpes and tuberculosis'' are inadequate, like many analogies in
science. Unlike HIV in Aids, hepatitis virus remains chronically active in large
numbers of liver cells and thus progressively causes disease in about 5 per cent
of those infected.

In contrast, HIV infects only an insignificant fraction of T-cells (key cells in
the immune system) never more than one in 500, even in full-blown Aids patients.
Under these conditions it cannot cause disease.

It is true that herpes virus can cause disease after a long latency. But in
contrast to HIV in Aids, the herpes virus becomes ''reactivated' after a long
latency in many target cells, and thereby is able to cause symptoms. When it is
latent, it does not cause sickness, as with HIV and dozens of latent viruses and
microbes.

The tuberculosis analogy also limps. In contrast to HIV in Aids, the
tuberculosis bacillus is very active in symptomatic carriers, the only possible
condition in which it can cause the progressive symptoms of this disease.

It is on the basis of our serious concerns about the current failures of Aids
prevention and therapy that we prepared the Channel 4 programme Dispatches - The
Aids Catch as a new approach to the solution of Aids.

Sincerely yours,

PETER DUESBERG

Professor of Molecular Biology

JOAN SHENTON

Producer and Director,

The Aids Catch

MICHAEL VERNEY-ELLIOTT

Reporter,

The Aids Catch

University of California

Berkeley, California

18 June

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1990 Independent Print Ltd


                             929 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   August 18, 1989, FRIDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

USE OF AZT EXPANDED IN TREATING AIDS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1374 words


WASHINGTON (AP) - The AIDS drug AZT has been shown effective in halting the
progression of the killer disease - even when the infection is so mild that the
person shows no symptoms, the Department of Health and Human Services announced
Thursday.  Officials said that trials of AZT among some mildly infected patients
would be halted so that all those in the trials may receive the anti-viral drug.
A third of the 1,300 patients in the trials had been getting a placebo, or sugar
pill.  Some AIDS activists called the announcement ''a major turning point in
the AIDS epidemic.'' Federal officials said it was an important step toward
turning AIDS from an inevitably fatal disease into a controllable one.  ''We are
indeed entering the period when AIDS may become a treatable disease,'' said Dr.
Louis W. Sullivan, secretary of Health and Human Services.  But he cautioned:
''AZT is not a cure and, indeed, even those who are under AZT treatment remain
capable of transmitting the disease.'' The announcement marked the third time
that formal trials of AZT, also known as zidovudine, had been modified after the
drug demonstrated its effectiveness among AIDS patients.  Two weeks ago, the
government took similar action in trials of patients who had a milder stage of
the disease called AIDS-related complex, or ARC.  Earlier, the government halted
trials among profoundly infected AIDS patients.  An AZT trial continues among
AIDS patients whose blood immune system is healthy but who test positive for
infection by the human immunodeficiency virus, or HIV, that causes AIDS. This
group would be at an even earlier stage of the disease.  Sullivan said the trial
results announced Thursday, combined with the two announced earlier, provide
''real hope for the millions of people worldwide who are infected with HIV.''
Jean McGuire, director of the AIDS Action Council, an advocacy group for AIDS
patients, hailed the announcement as ''a major turning point in the AIDS
epidemic.'' Sullivan said he was ordering that Medicare patients who receive AZT
be reimbursed for the drug's cost. The drug is taken six times daily and costs
$7,000 to $8,000 a year per patient.  AZT now is the only anti-viral drug
approved for use against the AIDS virus.  In the study concluded Thursday, 1,300
patients had no symptoms of AIDS but their tests showed that they had a T4
blood-cell count of 500 or fewer per cubic millimeter of blood. T4 blood cells
are key parts of the immune system and are the cells primarily infected by the
AIDS virus.  One-third of patients in the study got 1,500 milligrams of AZT
daily, one-third got 500 mg daily, and one-third got sugar pills. The double
blind study meant that neither the patients nor the physicians knew which
patients were getting which pills. The study was conducted at 32 centers in 16
states and the District of Columbia.  A committee monitoring the drug trials
examined the results Wednesday after opening the double blind code.  Among those
taking the placebo, 38 patients developed symptoms of AIDS or of ARC, said Dr.
Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious
Diseases, the lead federal clinical agency in fighting AIDS.  Nineteen of those
on high doses of AZT developed the disease symptoms, and 17 of those on the low
doses developed symptoms.  When researchers found that the disease was
progressing about twice as fast among those taking the sugar pills when compared
with the other two groups, the decision was made to halt the test and to provide
AZT to all patients in the trial.  AIDS, or acquired immune deficiency syndrome,
attacks the body's immune system and renders it incapable of protecting against
infection. The disease is caused by the HIV virus and is spread most frequently
through sexual contact, the sharing of needles and syringes and from mother to
newborn infant.  (The following paragraph ran in the 3* edition only) The
disease has no cure, and no one is known to have recovered completely from the
AIDS infection.  100,000 AIDS Cases More than 100,000 cases of AIDS have been
reported in t he United States, the federal Centers for Disease Control reported
Thursday.  The agency said that 102,621 AIDS cases had been reported in the
United States. A total of 59,391, or 58 percent, of those patients have died.
The spread of the disease is accelerating. AIDS was discovered in 1981, and the
first 50,000 cases in the United States were reported from 1981 to late 1987.
The next 50,000 were reported from December 1987 to July 1989.  U.S. health
officials estimate that 1 million to 1.5 million Americans are infected with the
virus that causes AIDS. A study among homosexual or bisexual males - the largest
risk group for AIDS - suggests that up to 99 percent of those infected
eventually will develop the disease.  AIDS continues to occur increasingly among
abusers of injectable drugs. In the first six months of 1989, 23 percent of
reported AIDS patients were female or heterosexual male users of intravenous
drugs, compared with 18 percent among the cases reported before 1985, the CDC
said.  Fifty-six percent of the cases reported in the first half of this year
were among homosexual or bisexual males, compared with 63 percent before 1985.
(The following text ran in the 3* edition only) Overall, homosexual or bisexual
men make up 60 percent of the 102,621 reported AIDS cases. Twenty percent are
intravenous drug abusers, and 7 percent are both. Four percent of AIDS cases are
attributed to heterosexual contact.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             930 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                     Herald

                             August 5, 1988 Friday

AIDS is costing $370 m - expert

BYLINE: MILLER C

LENGTH: 435 words


HOBART The cost of AIDS to Australia in 1988 has reached $370 million according
to a health economist speaking today at the Third National AIDS Conference in
Hobart.

Mr Paul Gross, director of the health economics and technology assessment
corporation, said that $70 million was due to direct costs and indirect costs
amounted to $300 million.

He said AIDS has been increasing in its importance among the list of diseases
and now ranked behind heart disease, cancer, stroke and accidents.

Mr Gross based his estimates on the assumption that there are 15,000 AIDS virus-
infected Australians.He warned that costs could be higher if the numbers of
infected people approached 30-50,000 as some health authorities have estimated.

He warned that hepatitis B in conjunction with AIDs is a hidden threat.

"Hepatitis B is creeping up on us as a far more costly issue than AIDS alone. It
could have vastly debilitating effects throughout society. Furthermore, there is
a synergy between the AIDS virus and the hepatitis B virus," Mr Gross said.

"Needle-sharing drug users who also engage in homosexual practices are doubly at
risk of contracting both AIDS and hepatitis B." Mr Gross said that the direct
cost of AIDS was one-tenth of heart disease but indirect costs are comparable to
heart disease because of the young people affected and lost productivity.

He ranked AIDS and heart disease equally in terms of preventability.

Victorian doctors may boycott impending clinical trials of the highly toxic
anti-AIDS drug AZT.

The president of the Australian Federation of AIDS Organisations, Dr David
Plummer, told The Herald he had serious doubts about using the toxic drug in
volunteers who were still healthy, yet were known to be infected with the AIDS
virus.

Dr Plummer is a keynote speaker at the Hobart conference.

The AZT trials are intended to determine whether the drug will save an AIDS
-positive healthy person from developing full-blown AIDS or AIDS-related
illnesses.

But Dr Plummer is worried about the ethics.

"In Victoria, there's a big debate whether we should participate in this trial,"
he said.

"If an AIDS antibody positive person is well, with no symptoms of AIDS, it's
questionable whether we should be experimenting on someone with such a toxic
drug.

"We must be certain we're not placing these volunteers in a dangerous position."
AZT can suppress the functions of bone marrow, resulting in anemia and greater
vulnerability to infections.

He said some clinical evidence raised suspicions that AZT might provoke the
onset of AIDS.

END OF STORY

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DHD

                   Copyright 1988 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             931 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      April 17, 1988, Sunday, City Edition

AIDS cases rising in Citrus

BYLINE: KAREN DUKESS

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 769 words

DATELINE: INVERNESS



INVERNESS - When Linda Fisher faced a group of health professionals    Friday,
she looked healthy, calm and confident.

     But she said she was nervous and tired, and joked lightly about
fainting.

     Fisher, 35, has AIDS-related complex (ARC), a condition caused by    the
AIDS virus, but that often causes less severe symptoms than those    of AIDS.

     Three years ago, doctors told Fisher, who had been an intravenous    drug
user, that she had AIDS. She was told she might live for 18    months.

     When she found out she had ARC, the news came as a mixed blessing.

     "At first, I thought to myself I had been blessed in a way I did    not
want to be blessed because I had the virus and not AIDS," she    said. "I was
going to have to live with it and not just die from it."

     Fisher shared her experiences Friday at a seminar sponsored by the
Citrus County health department, Citrus Memorial Hospital and    Marion-Citrus
Mental Health Centers, Inc.        About 70 people, mostly health care workers,
attended the day-long    conference, called "AIDS: The Need to Know." During the
seminar,    designed to provide health care workers with up-to-date AIDS
information, health officials also talked about plans to start an AIDS
support group in Citrus County.

     AIDS, acquired immune deficiency syndrome, is a fatal disease that
cripples the body's immune system.

     AIDS patients are not flooding the county's health facilities, but    the
number of AIDS cases here is growing.

     Since February, the county health department, which runs an    AIDS-testing
program, has diagnosed five cases of AIDS, according to    health department
director Dr. Shakra Junejo.

     But she said the number of AIDS patients here is probably much    higher.

     Junejo said she also believes there are many people in the county    who
are carriers of the disease, but have not been diagnosed.

     AIDS is contracted through the exchange of body fluids, usually    during
sexual activity or the use of contaminated needles by drug    abusers. People at
risk to acquire AIDS include homosexuals, drug    users, people who received
blood transfusions between 1978 and 1984 and    people with multiple sex
partners.

     As of March 1, there were 3,952 cases of AIDS in Florida and more    than
50,000 nationwide, Junejo said.

     But people still shy from the topic.

     "It's sort of like sex abuse," Fisher said. "People don't want    to talk
about it, it's sort of a hush-hush thing."

     Even health professionals are not immune to that reaction, Fisher    said.
During the seven months she was in a state hospital, she said,    many of the
nurses were reluctant to approach her.

     "Some of the nurses gave me hugs," she said. "Some of them    wouldn't even
touch me."

     In Citrus County, health officials are trying to provide a network    of
support for AIDS patients.

     The county health department and the Marion-Citrus Mental Health    Center
are organizing a support group that may be modeled on Aids    Resource Education
Assistance (AREA), an AIDS education and support    organization started last
September in Seminole County.

     The AREA program, which offers direct patient care for people with    AIDS,
now has about 69 clients, said Shari Ranger, director of the    program and a
guest speaker at Friday's seminar.

     Ranger said her own presence often makes people realize they don't    need
to be afraid to work with AIDS patients.

     "Here I am and I've been doing direct care for two years and I'm    not
testing positive," she said.

     "You can touch a patient with AIDS," Junejo said. "You can hug    them.
That is not a direct exposure."

     Some nurses said the seminar was "eye-opening."

     "Listening to these people really makes you want to get out there    and
get involved and do something," said Debra Summers, a nurse at    Hospice of
Citrus County.

      Summers said listening to Linda Fisher was an education.

     "I was very much surprised at how open and honest she was," she    said.
"There's a stereotype that goes along with intravenous drug    users. You forget
they are intelligent, sensitive people and she sure    brought that across."



LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITRUS TIMES

                            Times Publishing Company


                             932 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

              January 30, 1988, Saturday, SATURDAY SECOND EDITION

It's no joke: Humor helps battle AIDS

BYLINE: By Lillian Newbery Toronto Star

SECTION: INSIGHT; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 794 words

DATELINE: LONDON


   LONDON - Canada's achievements in AIDS prevention are impressive, it became
clear this week at the World Summit of Health Ministers on Programs for AIDS
Prevention.

But Canadians could still pick up pointers from other countries.

Here are some ideas that came out of the conference, sponsored by the World
Health Organization (WHO) and the British government, which attracted the
largest gathering of health ministers ever assembled to consider a single
disease:

* Add some humor to public-education campaigns.

It might have been Denmark that started it off, with its condoms decorating the
letter I in AIDS and its simple television cartoons gently mocking people who
think you could catch AIDS in a supermarket.

Whoever started it, the Scandinavian public-education material is entertaining.
Their exhibits always draw a crowd.

Poland now caps the I in its AIDS posters with a condom, too.

And Mexico has come up with a delightful poster of a crowd of condoms with
determined expressions carrying revolutionary-type banners proclaiming "The
virus shall not pass" and "Unity in the struggle".

You look, you laugh and you learn.

* Consider bilateral aid.

Canada contributes generously to WHO and donates the skills of such people as
deputy health minister Maureen Law and Dr. Alastair Clayton, head of the Federal
Centre for AIDS.

THE health minister of Angola had a good proposal.

In light of the social and economic difficulties facing most developing
countries and the large resources required for preventive AIDS programs, he
said, a successful world strategy needs direct country-to-country co-operation
as well as multinational aid.

Angola asked for - and got - help from Sweden. Canada, its provinces and its
cities could lend a hand to neighbors in the Caribbean. The chief medical
officer of Antigua and Barbuda, Dr. Thomas Jones, said in an interview his
country has never sought health aid from Canada, although Canada contributes to
education.

Without AIDS education, some Antiguans are not going to live to use their
schooling.

* Involve more non-governmental people in AIDS education.

In Israel, volunteer medical students teach AIDS prevention. In France, posters
advise that pharmacists can answer questions about AIDS.

In Uganda, where 93 per cent of people attend church regularly, the clergy
spreads AIDS education from the pulpit.

In Poland, which has one of the more extensive and enlightened programs in the
Eastern Bloc, top-level church people now support the government's preventive
strategies after government ministers held personal discussions with them.

* Go where the people are.

Because a lot of people spend a lot of time in front of computers, the French
government distributes a computer program all about AIDS.

The Soviet Union has a 45-minute TV show called Health twice a week. It covers
numerous health topics, including AIDS, and Soviet Health Minister E.I. Chazov
often appears on the show.

UGANDA has enlisted local groups to transmit its "Love carefully" campaign and
they take the message to public meetings and political rallies.

* Evaluate programs.

The Swiss conducted 13 separate studies of their continuing AIDS-prevention
strategies. They measured changes of knowledge, beliefs and attitudes and
behavior. Now they know which programs work and which don't.

* Reach every young person.

The Finns sent AIDS information to every 16- to 21-year-old in the country. In
Canada, the information young people get varies enormously. It depends on
whether they attend school and, if they are students, what school they attend,
what grade they're in and who they have as a teacher.

For an example of frank information directed at young people with sensitivity
and honesty, the Swiss booklet on AIDS stands out.

* Avoid the mistakes of others.

There's no fear Canada will adopt the crude, fear-mongering materials of the
type Jordan, Grenada and Tonga exhibited at the summit.

But if there are people in government seriously considering measures such as
AIDS tests at the border, it's now clear the majority of world opinion is
against them. The outrage against countries with such rules is palpable. Most
health ministers say trying to draw a wall around a country won't keep the AIDS
virus out.

* Look to Europe for AIDS prevention programs for drug users.

Britain is evaluating a dozen needle exchange programs around the country and
the Swiss also have a program.

* Dozens of countries with fewer resources than Canada mounted exhibits of their
programs.

Canada's absence from the exhibit hall took national modesty too far. Even a
poster that showed some of the mistakes we made and how we would do it
differently would be a contribution.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1988 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             933 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                 April 22, 1987

Economics: Developing the aid theme into some perspective

BYLINE: By CHRISTOPHER HUHNE

LENGTH: 1336 words


One of the greatest victims of the sea-change in economic thinking which has
occurred in the last decade has been aid to the developing world. Ironically,
aid first came under concerted attack from the Left, which argued that it served
merely to prop up unpalatable regimes which were an obstacle to development. It
was better, the implication of this criticism suggested, to pull out altogether.

The new Right subsequently needed little excuse to lay into the post-war
consensus. The now-ennobled P. T. Bauer, in his book 'Reality and Rhetoric,' was
one of the most forthright critics, accusing aid of fostering dirigisme,
undermining market forces which were the only effective path to economic
development, and thereby retarding growth and exacerbating poverty.


Some of those fashionable views have now been around long enough to create their
own problems, most notably in the continuing crisis of third world debt. Had it
not been for the reflex insistence of finance ministers in the wake of the first
oil shock that commercial banks would make sensible lending decisions in line
with the wisdom of market forces, neither debtors nor creditors would be in the
mess they are in today. Until 1974 it was well understood that the unregulated
private sector financial institutions, with their short time horizons, were an
unsuitable vehicle for development finance.

However, in the direct attack on official aid, there were always enough examples
to go around to sustain the case against. In that context, it is refreshing to
find a careful and reasoned analysis which attempts to draw a balanced picture
from the conflicting evidence and anecdotes.

The conclusion of 'Does Aid Work?' by Robert Cassen and associates is that the
majority of aid is successful in terms of its own objectives, and that over a
wide range of countries and sectors aid has made positive and valuable
contributions. Moreover, the report, the result of an exhaustive study funded by
the World Bank refutes the prevalent right wing objections that it does not
reach the poor and that it discourages the private sector.

Cassen's book is useful in large part because of its refusal to draw simplistic
generalisations. It puts aid into perspective, and it also highlights the more
successful cases of development so that sensible, nitty-gritty conclusions can
be drawn about how to improve current and prospective aid programmes.

Aid is clearly an important source of support for the living standards of the
least developed countries, forming about 9 per cent of their Gross National
Product, and about 3 per cent for other low income countries. The low income
giants - China and India - receive relatively little at 0.2 per cent 1 per cent
of national income respectively.

The disproportionate beneficiaries amongst the poorest are the sub-Saharan
countries, for many of which aid represents a fifth of GNP and up to 40 per cent
of imports Paradoxically, the report finds that aid in this region also tends to
be less effective - measured in terms of rates of return or wider criteria -
than aid in Asia.

It would thus be possible to improve the effectiveness of aid merely by
targeting it more in line with population distribution amongst the poorest
countries, but is that really what donors want? It is surely hardly surprising
the aid is likely to be less effective in areas like the Sahel where development
is most difficult.

Indeed, there is bound to be a margin of allowable failure in aid projects which
Cassen rightly suggests should be more openly discussed by the aid agencies.
certainly there are periodic horror stories and crass mismanagement and waste.
But isolated examples among the many more successful programmes and projects do
not make a case.

After all, the failure of the Ford Edsel does not undermine the case for a
market-oriented or capitalist system, any more than the failure of Christians to
live up to their own precepts discredits the creed. The report's finding is that
the vast majority of aid - in the region of 65 per cent to 75 per cent - is
effective.

Aid is crucial to some low income countries, but the gap in living standards
with the developed world is so great that it is still a tiny fraction of our own
national income. In the British case, real cuts in aid levels have taken the
proportion of national income down to a third of a per cent of Gross Domestic
Product (compared with the UN target to which we still pay lip-service 0.7 per
cent).

In the United States, the world's largest aid donor though proportionately one
of its smallest, spending on domestic social programmes from the federal budget
(pre-Reagan) was thirty six times greater than the overseas aid programme.

On one simple rule of thumb, if aid adds 20 per cent to a country's level of
investment (which would be typical in many of the least developed countries)
then growth can be expected to be anything from 0.6 per cent to 1.5 per cent
higher each year than it would otherwise be, given normal relationships between
capital and output.

However, a necessary qualification is that aid on its own is not enough. The
case studies show that policy changes have helped or hindered: in South Korea,
the replacement of the Rhee regime by Park, marked a watershed in development
efforts. Regarded as a hopeless case thirty years ago, South Korea is now
arguably the most successful of all the newly industrialising countries.

Conditions imposed by the donor countries, or the multilateral agencies, may be
a condition of a successful aid programme, if only because it is a fact of
democratic politics that aid has to be seen to be effective if support for it is
to be maintained. There are, however, clearly right and wrong conditions.

The wrong ones are old-fashioned tied aid, which limits the recipient to buying
particular goods from the donor country. Though aid overall has gradually become
less tied - with untied bilateral aid increasing from 37 per cent in 1976 to 46
per cent in 1982-3 for the developed countries as a whole -the proportion is
still alarmingly high.

Moreover, governments are constantly inventing new ways of perpetrating the same
effect, notably with mixed credits whereby an aid element (in our own case the
Aid and Trade provision) is used to subsidise an otherwise commercial package
and win an order for the manufacturers of the country in question.

The right sort of conditionality is to look for projects with a clear bias
towards helping the 40 per cent of people in the least developed countries who
are below any definition of absolute poverty, and indeed to concentrate more aid
on those countries. At present, more than a third of total official development
assistance is still going to middle-income as opposed to low-income countries.

Aid is bound to involve some conditionality about overall economic policies too,
simply because it is payable in foreign currency which is extremely fungible: ie
though it is paid for one purpose, it can in fact be used for another. If only
10 per cent of the cost of a project is in fact in foreign currency, some 90 per
cent of the funds will be sold to buy local currency - and will therefore be
available for other uses.

For the rest, the donor countries should commit themselves to a more
co-ordinated approach which provides a secure, long term framework for
development in the poorest countries. Education, agriculture, health and aid for
land reform should be the priorities.

As Cassen argues, there will also have to be a much greater commitment to
protect them from changes in the world environment (such as collapsing commodity
prices) if aid efforts are not to be negated by far larger forces. The last ten
years, far from being a period of swings and roundabouts, has left the poorest
countries suffering lower export prices, higher debt service, and lower outright
aid flows in real terms.

Robert Cassen and associates: 'Does Aid work?' Oxford University Press.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                             934 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    March 26, 1987, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Getting the message across on AIDS

BYLINE: by Lillian Newbery Toronto Star

SECTION: INSIGHT; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 1612 words


   "Can I get AIDS from kissing?

"I am 21 years old and understand that it is important to use a condom when I am
with a guy. But I am worried about whether or not I can kiss him without the
risk of getting AIDS."

"Kisses, hugs and other signs of affection are not at all dangerous. If you use
a condom during the whole act of intercourse you have no reason to fear AIDs. So
do things the way you usually do and remember the condom. If you want to know
more about how AIDS is spread and not spread you can call the AIDS hotline."

- Government message on a Danish bus.

On any bus in Copenhagen and in several other Danish cities, you can see a
drawing of a giant condom with the words: "Protect the one you love. Condoms are
to live with."

Humorous Danish cartoons shown on TV and in cinemas feature a figure wearing
protective frogman's in a crowded supermarket and a bar to make fun of the idea
that AIDS is transmitted by casual contact. In another cartoon the letter "I" in
AIDS shrivels down, then bounces back up wearing a condom.

In Canada, while the CBC agreed to show four public-service announcements about
AIDS on television this spring, a national committee of private broadcasters
refused to sanction three of the four on the grounds they condone "casual sex."

The ads were prepared by the Canadian Public Health Association, which will be
given $3.7 million over five years by Ottawa for a public-information campaign.

By deciding not to show the ads, the Telecasters' Committee is "making foolish
decisions from an ivory tower," says Bob Tivey of AIDS Vancouver.

"The average Canadian really wants the information."

Tonight at 7.30 at York Quay Centre at Harbourfront, there will be a free forum
on AIDS education, showing TV commercials from around the world on AIDS and new
Canadian AIDS ads.

"We need to do a tremendous amount of work," says Dr. David Walters, head of the
AIDS awareness and education program for the Canadian Public Health Association.

As of this past Monday, 947 cases of AIDS have been reported in Canada. Of this
number, 487 have died.

Walters says there's a fair level of general knowledge about AIDS but Canadians
still haven't absorbed the message that it is not only a homosexual disease.

"Our campaign compared to the others is in the middle ground, not as advanced as
the Danish, smaller than the British and somewhat ahead of some others . . ."

A Gallup poll done for the health association in December identified some
disturbing gaps in Canadians' perceptions of AIDS.

Twenty-five per cent of adults and 33.4 per cent of 15-to-17-year-olds either
don't believe that people reduce their chance of getting AIDS by using condoms
during sexual intercourse or don't know whether it's true or not.

Nearly 20 per cent of adults and 33.4 per cent of youth don't know or don't
believe it's possible to carry the virus without actually having the disease.

Ontario residents, however, are not dependent only on the recent federal
program.

Pamphlets, videos and 200 trained speakers are available from the Ontario Public
Education Panel on AIDS and the written material will be sent to other provinces
on request.

And speakers, pamphlets and personal counselling are provided by the AIDS
Committee of Toronto. By this fall, teaching about AIDS will be compulsory in
Ontario schools. Separate school boards are preparing their own material.

In Denmark, libraries and schools display posters of a nude man and woman
embracing. They proclaim: "Sex is fun - and it should stay that way. It takes
two to spread the infection. And you decide if you want to be one of them. If
you use a condom during intercourse you do not have to worry about getting AIDS.
Protect yourself and others against AIDS."

"I don't feel we are ahead (of other countries)," Henning Jorgenson of Denmark
said in an interview during an international meeting on public education for
AIDS sponsored by the health association in Ottawa.

"I feel we have another culture. We are able to speak more freely about sexual
matters in Scandinavia and Holland . . . I think it's difficult in Anglo-Saxon
countries with a more prudent outlook to sex."

Denmark, with its population of about 5 million, has about 145 cases of AIDS,
said Jorgenson, consultant to the Danish government on the disease.

The campaign, he says, has two aims: to promote safe sex and to dispel fears
that AIDS can be caught in casual transmission.

In Britain, television ads on the BBC and private television feature a menacing
iceburg and a gravestone toppling and warn: "If you ignore AIDS, it could be the
death of you". Radio ads featuring rock stars warn that AIDS can be passed
during intercourse and suggest sleeping with "as few people as possible," while
advising: "If you're even thinking of injecting (drugs), forget it. If you can't
give up injecting, never share needles."

In the United States, a national public education program is still under
discussion. Only a few TV channels have shown public-service announcements
produced by the American Red Cross with the government's public health service.
Entertainment figures such as Patti LaBelle and Ronald Reagan Jr. stress
learning the facts about AIDS instead of relying on rumors.

Shelley Lengel of the Centres for Disease Control in Atlanta said the ads were
released about eight months ago at a cost of $10 million and offered as public
service annoucements (free air time.) "They weren't used as widely as we had
hoped."

The U.S. ads were designed to quell rumors that had led to "waves of hysteria
associated with blood donations and children with AIDS," she said, and
subsequent public health service ads will switch to prevention.

Ads from the homosexual community in the U. S. show individuals standing alone,
then banding together to "fight the fear" and "get the facts" about AIDS.

They have been shown on some channels in three large cities and are designed to
"concurrently reduce fear and motivate people to make a phone call in private"
to an AIDS counselling service, according to Raymond Jacobs of the Gay Men's
Health Crisis in New York.

The U.S. government is debating whether to mail a modified version of
Surgeon-General Everett Koop's report on AIDS to every household.

Out of the Ottawa conference, a consensus about public-information programs
emerged, said Walters of the Canadian Public Health Association.

Delegates agreed AIDS is a global problem of great complexity and that it is
"still on the move."

Since AIDS is spread by sexual intercourse, by sharing needles while using
drugs, and from mother to infant around the time of birth, behaviors need to be
changed, Walters said.

"There's a need for public education, specifically for risk groups" and national
campaigns are needed to target the entire population.

Support is needed from governments and professionals who have a responsibility
to preserve life and they need to co-operate with non-governmental
organizations, the media, business and community agencies. High level spokesmen
can be an effective way of getting the message across.

Messages themselves need to have a "high impact to raise levels of serious
concern" among the whole population.

"There is little room for prudence" and the messages need to stress both
positive behavioral change and tolerance for the people affected, Walters said.
"Fearing the disease is healthy; fearing the person with AIDS is not."

Individuals need to realize the threat to themselves and that the disease is
preventable, that individuals can change while still being sexually satisfied,
he said.

Attitudes and behaviors need to be measured both before and after campaigns, the
delegates agreed.

The British advertisments went through extensive testing before the campaign,
according to Bernard Merkel of the AIDS Unit in the United Kingdom. Ninety-four
per cent of people responded positively to the ads and levels of knowledge have
"risen dramatically in the last few months."

The British campaign also included a pamphlet mailed to all 23 million
households. From December, 1986, to November, 1987, an estimated 20 million
pounds will be spent on public education efforts.

Over time, Merkel said, the ads will move away from general messages to more
specific advice.

In Australia, with 400 AIDS cases reported and an estimated 50,000 people
infected with the virus, market research has been completed and television ads
are set to run early next month, said William Bowtel of the National Advisory
Committee on AIDS-Australia. "We have found a tremendous desire among the public
for information that is not euphemistic."

Australia initially started with information for high risk groups such as
prostitutes, street kids and hemophiliacs. The government also developed
pamphlets in languages including Khmer (Cambodian), Vietnamese, Chinese and
Serbian as well as a comic book for young people and for people with low reading
skills.

At present, Bowtell said, the public's knowledge in Australia is "broad but
shallow.

"They tend to regard AIDS as a mid-level type of disease such as breast cancer
or alcoholism that a doctor can cure. It is not true.

"Once you are infected you stand a very good chance of getting AIDS and dying."

"It's important to cut through the clutter of other advertising" and ensure the
message is on the same high creative level as other ads, he said. "You have to
grab attention" and tell both the problem and the solution.

It's important any campaign is consistent and goes on for a long period, with
the information being repackaged frequently," Bowtell added.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo Danish public-information AIDS poster

                  Copyright 1987 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             935 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 23, 1987, Monday, Final Edition

Soviets Trail East Bloc In Coping With AIDS;
Reports Continue to Blame Virus on U.S.

BYLINE: Gary Lee, Washington Post Foreign Service

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A13

LENGTH: 1680 words

DATELINE: MOSCOW


The nations of Eastern Europe, so far spared the brunt of the AIDS epidemic
affecting the West, have identified fewer than 100 persons infected with the
virus and officially acknowledge only 11 AIDS deaths.

Assessments of the AIDS threat vary widely from the Soviet Union to Yugoslavia,
however, and so do the measures the socialist governments have taken to control
the fatal disease, widely regarded as the most serious health danger facing the
West in more than a century.

The Soviet Union, reluctant to acknowledge that acquired immune deficiency
syndrome is a threat here at all, has introduced few of the precautionary
measures now common in western countries, even though Soviet health officials
identified the first Soviet case of AIDS three years ago and earlier this month
documented 20 cases here.

Soviet blood donors are not routinely checked for evidence of infection, and the
Soviet government has not opened any AIDS testing centers such as those now
operating in major European and American cities.

Relatively loose official control has led to a lax attitude among high-risk
groups. Moscow's more promiscuous homosexuals still frequent selected bathhouses
and public toilets.

Soviet news media reports focus on the mounting problems the AIDS epidemic is
causing the West, repeating charges that the United States genetically
engineered the disease as an instrument of biological warfare. A headline last
month in the Soviet government newspaper Izvestia typifies official coverage of
the disease here: "AIDS, the American Gift."

In Hungary, Poland and Czechoslovakia, however, governments have mounted a more
frontal attack against the virus. AIDS testing centers have been opened in each
of the countries, allowing high-risk groups to undergo examinations and receive
state-funded treatment. A report issued in Warsaw a year ago by the official
Polish AIDS task force admitted that "contemporary Poland may turn out to be a
country very susceptible to the spread of the AIDS virus."

AIDS can take as long as a decade from the time of infection to development of
the deadly symptoms. The AIDS virus attacks the body's immune defense system,
rendering it helpless in the face of a variety of infections, and once the virus
produces symptoms, it has invariably been fatal.

The different ways East Bloc countries are acting to combat AIDS reflect the
wide differences in dealing with the social conditions that have exacerbated its
spread.

In East Germany, for instance, where self-help homosexual groups are supported
by the communist regime, AIDS prevention centers have been set up not only in
the capital of East Berlin, but also in some smaller provincial cities,
according to East German officials. Earlier this month, the country registered
its first death, and identified 14 other East Germans as suffering from the
disease.

In Poland, where the government has mounted the most extensive AIDS prevention
program in the East Bloc, 37,000 blood tests have led to the identification of
21 persons infected with the AIDS virus, government spokesman Jerzy Urban said
in early January. One Pole has died of the disease, he said.

In Hungary, 102 persons have been identified as carriers of the AIDS virus,
according to Hungarian press reports. Two persons have contracted the disease
and one has died. The official Hungarian news media have taken up the subject
with a vengeance, documenting cases among westerners as well as Hungarians and
urging caution on high-risk groups, including homosexuals.

In Czechoslovakia, four people have contracted AIDS and 15 others have been
identified as carriers, the Communist Party daily Rude Pravo reported on Jan.
29. Dana Zuskova, a Czech hygienist, said that regional AIDS testing centers
would be established across the country, in addition to the one already
operating in Prague. The article pinpointed homosexuals, prostitutes and drug
addicts as the main risk groups and warned Czechoslovaks against contact with
foreigners.

Yugoslavia, which has registered eight AIDS deaths, has the most severe AIDS
problem in Eastern Europe.

Romania and Bulgaria have not officially recognized any AIDS cases, or even
identified a threat from the disease.

In spite of increasing candor in the official news media about such social
blights as drug addiction and prostitution in Soviet cities, tackling the AIDS
threat head-on poses a particular dilemma for Soviet authorities. The reason is
that homosexuals -- by far the highest risk group for AIDS -- can be tried and
imprisoned for up to eight years under Soviet law and are thus unlikely to
volunteer for tests.

When explaining the relatively low toll of AIDS cases in his country in a
briefing here this month, Soviet Foreign Ministry press spokesman Gennadi
Gerasimov pointed to the Soviet law making homosexuality an imprisonable
offense.

In a reference to the rise of AIDS cases among drug addicts, Gerasimov also told
journalists that "dirty needles are also not a problem here," despite the rash
of recent articles in the official Soviet news media documenting the widescale
use of drugs among Soviet youth. Sharing needles contaminated with infected
blood can transmit the virus.

The central Soviet news media have just begun to offer advice to potential
victims, while skirting details about the symptoms or information about using
condoms or engaging in so-called safe sex.

"Even if you just don't feel well, by all means go see a doctor," said Victor
Zhdanov, head of the Soviet Institute of Virology and a spokesman on AIDS, in a
recent article in the official newspaper Moskovskii Komsomolets. He did not tell
readers of the youth newspaper what symptoms they should look for, however, or
issue the sort of broad appeal to homosexuals to take AIDS tests that went out
long ago in countries such as Hungary and Poland.

In the Soviet Union, Zhdanov emphasized in an interview in Sovyetskaya Rossiya
earlier this month, "We don't have the social conditions for the wide spread of
this disease."

"We are trying to find homosexuals, who are not so numerous in our country,"
Zhdanov said at a conference on AIDS held in Paris last June. None of the
homosexuals tested showed positive results, he said at the conference, adding
that all the Soviets yielding positive tests had contracted the disease through
blood transfusions. In a Tass interview on his return from Paris, Zhdanov said,
"In the West they consider us to be conservatives on the question of social
problems. However, in this case this has proven to be useful."

Faced with a rigid official stance on the issue, Soviets in the high-risk groups
are reluctant to identify themselves publicly. Asked in an interview what he
knows about AIDS, one middle-aged homosexual unlocked a trunk in his apartment
and fished out information about prevention methods from mass circulation
Italian magazines.

"What is known here is all through the grapevine," he said. "The Soviet press
carries nothing useful. I don't even talk about it with my friends."

Conflicting reports have emerged in Moscow about whether Soviet citizens have
been infected by the disease at all.

Two months ago, Zhdanov acknowledged in a Soviet newspaper interview that the
disease has already spread from foreigners to Soviets; he cited contacts between
Soviets and tourists.

Earlier this month, however, the official news agency Tass quoted Foreign
Ministry spokesman Gerasimov as saying that of the 20 AIDS cases recorded in the
country, "all the 20 patients are foreigners."

In Friday's edition of Sovyetskaya Rossiya, I. Drynov, deputy head of the Soviet
Department of Quarantine Infections, said that 12 foreigners have been found
with the disease in Moscow, that one 11-year-old Soviet girl is ill with AIDS
and six "suspected" Soviet cases have been identified.

The contradictions have resulted in public confusion, compounded by the lack of
an information bank or public testing centers. "I would like to know, if the
health dangers to people are so high, what are the implications of AIDS for us,"
Yuri Duce, a historian from the Siberian city of Omsk, wrote in a recent letter
to Sovyetskaya Rossiya. "Can there really not be one single case?"

Last June, after Soviet news media reported that the U.S. Central Intelligence
Agency had genetically engineered AIDS, U.S. Ambassador Arthur A. Hartman wrote
letters of complaint to two newspapers. They were not published.

Taking Moscow's lead, other East Bloc governments have used the AIDS threat to
sow fears about the West and contact with foreigners.

In a recent briefing in Warsaw, government spokesman Urban said that Polish
authorities "deplore the tendency of the western press to credit Africa as the
origin of the disease."

In a reference to a report circulating in Soviet newspapers that the U.S.
government had manufactured AIDS while doing laboratory research in Ft. Detrick,
Md., he added that Poland is "following discussions in the press in connection
with the AIDS virus being a creation of a secret U.S. laboratory in Maryland,
whence it escaped."

Recently, however, the official Soviet approach to the AIDS dilemma has taken on
a more serious tone, particularly following a briefing Zhdanov gave Communist
Party leaders earlier this month.

By last fall, Zhdanov said, 100,000 Soviets had received AIDS tests, and 300,000
tests were being prepared here.

Gerasimov told reporters that the Soviet Union was likely to adopt standards
that the World Health Organization will recommend when it holds a major AIDS
meeting in May.

Moscow, which already is conducting joint AIDS research with Britain, is known
to be engaged in discussions with U.S. health officials on the problem.

Asked by Sovyetskaya Rossiya Friday what Soviets who suspect that they are
victims should do, health official Drynov said, "This is nothing reprehensible,"
adding that several Soviets with symptoms had already written to the Ministry of
Health and received tests.

Washington Post Eastern Europe correspondent Jackson Diehl contributed to this
report.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: AIDS IN EUROPE, Part 2 of 2

TYPE: FEATURE, SERIES, PROFILE

                       Copyright 1987 The Washington Post


                             936 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 20, 1987, Friday, Final Edition

Africans Recognize AIDS Problem;
Nations Begin Public Health Drives, but Resent Publicity

BYLINE: Blaine Harden, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A21

LENGTH: 1119 words

DATELINE: Nairobi, Kenya, Feb. 19, 1987


Fearing AIDS, British defense authorities last month declared Kenya's beach
towns off limits for their troops.

Getting even, Kenya's government-run daily newspaper this month ran a banner
headline: "Prince Charles Scared of AIDS!"

Dramatizing cases of acquired immune deficiency syndrome here, a British
newspaper, The Guardian, began a three-part series on the disease in Africa with
a histrionic look at Nairobi's prostitutes: "It is at dusk . . . that the hooker
preens itself and emerges to stalk its prey: the wazungu," or white man.

Getting even, a columnist in the government-run newspaper wrote that the "utter
horror that is AIDS" in "swinging London" is the result of "glamorized sodomy."

African governments are no longer denying the presence of an AIDS epidemic on
this continent where the World Health Organization estimates that at least
50,000 people have died of the disease and another 2 million to 5 million are
carriers of the AIDS virus. Outside the cities and other areas where doctors
have done systematic testing, there is no solid information on the magnitude of
the problem. Thousands of cases are believed to have gone unreported.

Most countries, including Kenya, recently have launched frank information
campaigns to try to stop the spread of the disease.

But the glare of international publicity on Africa, focusing on the alarming
spread of the disease by promiscuous heterosexuals, has embarrassed and insulted
many Africans and infuriated their governments. They resent widely circulated
but unsubstantiated reports that AIDS originated in Africa.

For Kenya, in particular, resentment is mixed with fear of economic disaster.
Tourism is this country's second largest industry, the source last year of a
record $ 250 million in foreign exchange. Kenya's Indian Ocean beach resorts and
inland game parks attract more than half a million tourists a year, most of them
from Western Europe.

Publicity about AIDS in the past two months, according to the mayor of the port
city of Mombasa, has already hurt beach bookings.

A worsening epidemic of AIDS in Africa and graphic international press coverage
of the disease have triggered some seemingly contradictory policies among
governments.

In Kenya, President Daniel arap Moi said this month that cases of AIDS, if any,
were minimal. Two weeks earlier, the Ministry of Health had launched an anti-
AIDS campaign, circulating leaflets in English and Swahili that explain how the
disease is spread and how to avoid it.

In the Central African Republic, health officials recently published a comic
book that uses simple language to warn about AIDS. The next week, police
destroyed a French television crew's film of AIDS victims at a hospital in the
capital, Bangui.

In Uganda, where researchers say the number of AIDS victims is doubling every
four to six months and where deaths due to AIDS have turned some villages to
ghost towns, Health Minister Ruhakana Rugunda said last summer, "There is no
national pride whatsoever in hiding the prevalence of AIDS." Within two weeks of
his statement, Rugunda became unavailable for interviews on the subject.

In Africa, researchers say, the pattern of transmission of AIDS is different
than in the United States or Europe. Researchers on this continent have found
that AIDS primarily affects heterosexuals, infecting men and women in equal
numbers. In the United States and Europe, although there is a growing number of
reported cases of heterosexual transmission, AIDS victims are primarily
homosexuals, intravenous drug users and recipients of contaminated blood.

Heterosexual transmission of AIDS, researchers say, has caused an epidemic-like
spread of the disease in the so-called AIDS belt, a group of countries in
central and eastern Africa including the Central African Republic, Uganda,
Zaire, Rwanda, Burundi, Tanzania and Zambia.

According to recent surveys in Zaire, 5 to 8 percent of the adult population of
the capital, Kinshasa, is infected with the virus. In Uganda, surveys have found
that between 10 and 13 percent of the adults in the capital, Kampala, carry the
virus. In some areas of Rwanda, according to Belgian researchers, 15 to 25
percent of the adult population is affected.

Besides the high numbers of AIDS-infected people and the growing number of
deaths, public health officials in the past year said that lack of government
funds in some of the most severely affected African countries has crippled
attempts to educate people about how the disease is spread.

In Uganda, for instance, annual per capita spending on health care is $ 1.60,
roughly the cost of one blood test for AIDS. In southeastern Uganda, the center
of AIDS in that country, doctors said the distribution of leaflets has been
useless because they are printed in English, a language unintelligible to local
Luganda speakers.

Dr. Anthony Lwebaga, AIDS coordinator in southeastern Uganda, recently said that
lack of transport has prevented the delivery of any condoms from a large
shipment flown in by the U.S. Agency for International Development.

Most researchers said Kenya is on the fringe of the AIDS epidemic, although it
received extensive international publicity after a study last year showed that
88 percent of Nairobi's prostitutes carried the AIDS virus.

Health Minister Peter Nyakiamo said in December that 250 cases of AIDS had been
diagnosed in Kenya and that there had been 38 deaths from the disease.

Claiming that it has been the victim of unfair, even racist, publicity about
AIDS, Kenya has struck back.

Several senior officials in Kenya's government have charged that publicity about
AIDS in Kenya is "economic warfare" by the British press. Until 1963, Kenya was
a British colony.

"It is incumbent on every Kenyan to refuse to be deceived by all those
ill-intentioned propagandists and latter-day apologists for colonialism who are
irresistibly envying our country's continued stability and tempo of
development," said an editorial in the Kenya Times, the newspaper owned by the
ruling KANU party.

Newspapers in Africa have been receptive to Soviet-circulated reports that the
AIDS virus is an American invention. Several Nigerian newspapers last year
carried a feature from the Soviet agency Novosti that AIDS escaped from "secret
experiments at a laboratory developing biological weapons at Fort Detrick, Md."

The U.S. Embassy in Nairobi complained late last year to the Kenya Sunday
Standard after it published a similar story. Such reporting "unfortunately
advances efforts to use the issue of AIDS for political purposes," the embassy's
letter said. African countries appear to believe that they are victims of an
international smear campaign.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MAP, AIDS, CLARICE BORIO

TYPE: FOREIGN NEWS

                       Copyright 1987 The Washington Post


                             937 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Weekend Australian

                           November 30, 2013 Saturday
                         1 - All-round Country Edition

WHY FOREIGN AID WON'T ELIMINATE POVERTY

BYLINE: JUDITH SLOAN CONTRIBUTING ECONOMICS EDITOR

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 1238  words


Genuine economic development is the only sure path to improvement

Only one-third of development aid actually goes to the poorest countries

LET'S face it-- it's pretty common to see a bit of hyperbole thrown in by those
seeking to make a public point. And so it was with Tim Costello, chief executive
of World Vision Australia, who claimed during the election campaign that 450,000
lives would be lost as result of the Coalition's proposal to cut Australia's
projected foreign aid budget by $4.5 billion. Four hundred and fifty thousand
lives -- gosh, that sounds a lot.

Presumably we were being asked to oppose the reduction in our foreign aid
budget.

The trouble with Costello's claim is twofold. First, it assumes that foreign aid
is mainly about saving lives. And, second, even if the premise of his claim is
accepted, the number is wrong -- a point confirmed by the ABC's fact-checking
unit.

I was reminded of this episode while reading Angus Deaton's splendid new book,
The Great Escape: Health, Wealth and the Origins of Inequality, published this
year by Princeton University Press.

In the chapter entitled How to Help Those Left Behind, Deaton shines light on
the 800 million or so people in the world who live in ``material destitution'',
defined as less than $US1 a day. On average, these people live on US72c a day,
leaving a shortfall of US28c a day.

Doing the arithmetic, the challenge of moving this group up to $US1 a day looks
readily achievable. Deaton calculates that if every adult in the US, Britain,
France, Germany and Japan were to donate US15c a day, world poverty could be
eliminated -- or so it would seem.

But ``understanding why this calculation tells us nothing about eliminating
poverty'' is one of the main theme's of Deaton's book. He uses the term ``the
aid illusion'', which he defines as the ``erroneous belief that global poverty
could be eliminated if only rich people or rich countries were to give more
money to poor people or poor countries''.

Deaton argues that the failure to eliminate world poverty does not stem from any
moral weakness on behalf of rich people or rich countries.

Indeed, he contends that ``giving more aid than we currently give would make
things worse, not better''. Needless to say, this is a controversial point of
view and would doubtless upset the Tim Costellos of the world.

Deaton makes the point that the US donates more than US15c a day per person in
foreign aid and many other countries give proportionately more. Overall, the
amount of foreign aid is more than enough to eliminate global poverty, ``at
least if the money were transferred from the people and governments in rich
countries directly to those who are living on less than the global poverty
line''. But global poverty persists.

Acknowledging the earlier work of development economist Peter Bauer, Deaton
maintains that the proposition that more foreign aid reduces poverty, improves
health and saves lives is based on a ``hydraulic'' view of foreign aid. More
dollars in, more benefits out.

But, according to Bauer, unless the local conditions are conducive to
investment, aid will be ``necessarily unproductive and therefore ineffective''.

But here's the catch: if the local conditions are conducive to investment, which
in time leads to economic development, foreign aid will not be needed.

There is also the possibility that foreign aid will reduce the chances that the
conditions for development emerge in particular countries. In Deaton's words:
``If poverty is not a result of a lack of resources or opportunities but of poor
institutions, poor government and toxic politics, giving money to poor countries
-- particularly the governments of poor countries -- is likely to perpetuate and
prolong poverty, not eliminate it.''

Another reason that foreign aid fails to alleviate poverty is that aid is often
guided more by the needs of the donor country than of the recipient country.

The Australian Agency for International Development, AusAID -- now absorbed into
the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade -- aims to ``assist developing
countries to reduce poverty and achieve sustainable development, in line with
Australia's national interest''.

In fact, providing business opportunities for domestic firms plays a less
prominent role in Australia than in many other countries. This said, the
decision to classify money used to handle and detain asylum-seekers as part of
the foreign aid vote would be seen by many as a perversion of the purposes to
which foreign aid money is intended.

There is another intriguing feature of foreign aid, and that is the tendency for
donor countries to spread the love around. Rather than focusing on really poor
countries, money is typically dispersed to large numbers of countries -- often
150 countries per donor -- which results in relatively small countries doing
very well relative to large countries.

Consequently, ``aid fragmentation'' is another reason foreign aid does such a
bad job at alleviating poverty.

Deaton estimates that only one-third of the world's official development aid
actually goes to the poorest countries.

Additionally, nearly half of the aid goes to autocratic regimes that have no
interest in helping their own populations.

As noted above, the proposition that foreign aid does not reduce global poverty
has been around for some time; Bauer was writing in the early 1970s. Stung by
this criticism -- indeed, an attack on the basis of foreign aid -- a distinctive
shift has occurred within aid circles to emphasise the importance of the
effectiveness of aid.

Yes, there are examples of ineffective aid, so the modern argument goes, but
when money is administered the right way and spent on appropriate activities,
then foreign aid can be a powerful positive force to help the poorest citizens
of the world -- it can literally save lives.

When we consider the breakdown of Australia's foreign aid spending, the headings
are not particularly meaningful: saving lives; promoting opportunities for all;
sustainable economic development; humanitarian and disaster response; effective
governance; and general development support.

There is even an Office of Development Effectiveness that sits within AusAID. In
its blurb, the question is even posed: ``Why should busy aid program managers
care about the latest international development policy research?''

Evidently these program managers, who apparently are too busy to care about the
effectiveness of the use of Australian taxpayers' money, need to update their
knowledge on ``applying new research to strengthen their programs and plan more
effectively''.

When it comes to project evaluation, Deaton's conclusion is telling.
``Successful project evaluation (does not) guarantee the effectiveness of aid,
which is ultimately a question about the economy as a whole, not about specific
projects. There is no escape through project evaluation from thinking about aid
as whole and its national consequences.''

DFAT should take note.

The bottom line is that there is no convincing evidence that foreign aid has a
significant impact on reducing poverty or saving lives. Indeed, there is an
inverse relationship between the rate of growth of developing countries and the
amount of foreign aid they receive, but growth is the principal means by which
people escape poverty.

Ultimately, foreign aid is, in Deaton's opinion, ``more about satisfying our own
need to help and less about improving the lot of the poor''.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             938 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            November 30, 2003 Sunday

Info Box: Foothill AIDS Project, 223 W. Harrison Ave., Claremont and 338 W. 7th
St., San Bernardino. It is open from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Friday.
Information: Claremont, [909] 482-2066. San Bernardino: [909] 884-2722. Inland
AIDS Project, Rive

BYLINE: By MIRA KATZ, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1601 words


CLAREMONT - Food, shelter and friendship.

The need for these three things - often taken for granted bythose that have them
- spurred four men to found the Foothill AIDS Project nearly 20 years ago in an
attempt to offer whatever support they could to those suffering from HIV or
AIDS.

"We saw that there was an entire population of people whowere being ignored,"
said project founder Mike Maher. "They had been rejected by friends, families
and their own community."

Maher and his comrades began their effort with a pantry,where they doled out
food and other essentials to those who couldn't afford to buy their own. Later,
they scraped together spare change and money to help victims of AIDS or HIV, the
virus that causes AIDS, pay their rent when they couldn't do it themselves.

Today, the Foothill AIDS Project handles most of the housingneeds of the
region's HIV and AIDS victims, administering grants and federal funding for all
other area support groups.

The Foothill AIDS Project as well as the Inland AIDS Project- the two major
support groups for those with HIV or AIDS in the Inland Empire - both grew from
humble roots in the 1980s.

Today, the Foothill AIDS Project directly serves about 400people in eastern Los
Angeles County and western San Bernardino County. Inland AIDS Project serves
about 1,300 in San Bernardino and Riverside Counties.

Although the faces have changed and the organizations havegrown, both have a
common goal: to help those afflicted with Human Immunodeficiency Virus or
Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome.

"We have to do something no one else is going to do,"Maher said. "We have to
take care of people's basic needs and then figure out the rest."

SUBHEAD HERE

Much the same as the Foothill AIDS Project, the Inland AIDSProject sprang from a
small group of compassionate hearts.

Madelyn Lee was the owner of the Menagerie, a gay bar inRiverside. During the
early 1980s, as close friends and loved ones were diagnosed and began to die
from AIDS, Lee set her mind to helping in any way she could.

She contacted Dr. David Dassey, an infectious diseasephysician in Riverside
County, and with help from a local attorney and two nurses, founded the Inland
AIDS Project.

The group met once a week forsix months, discussing the needs of those infected
with HIV or AIDS and how they might of fer medical and social support.

Initial classes and meetingswere held at Lee's bar. The first hot line was
activated in the home of a volunteer nurse in Loma Linda.

In 1984, the Inland AIDS Projectreceived its nonprofit status, which made it
eligible to apply for grants. In 1985 it opened an office in Riverside and hired
its first employee. The organization began providing case manage ment to 50
clients infected with HIV, all gay men.

Steven English, now chairmanof Inland AIDS Project's board of directors,
initially came to the project for help - for his own partner, who had HIV.

In 1993, after his partner died,he began volunteering as a speaker.

"It was time for me to givesomething back," he said.

After about four years of lecturing about HIV and AIDS on a regular basis,
English tired of telling his own story and shifted his efforts to assisting the
pro ject's food program and admin istering HIV tests.

One night, a young heroin addict came into the Inland AIDS Project in Riverside
wanting an HIV test, English said. He had been using drugs for so long the
nurses could not find a vein.

"He said the only place wecould probably find a vein was in his neck," English
said. "A nurse who had worked with pe diatrics finally found a vein in his foot
to draw the blood. I re member him, his life was in such turmoil. I often wonder
what happened to him."

Two weeks later the resultscame back and the young man was HIV positive, but he
never went back for the results.

English said that people usuallycome back for their results as did Steve Huston,
the former Education and Prevention coor dinator at Foothill AIDS Pro ject.

SUBHEAD HERE

In 1991, the Foothill AIDS Project moved out of the living room and into a small
office in Pomona.

Pat Bourland was volunteer executive director at that time and wrote most of the
requests for the grants that kept Foothill AIDS Project on its feet, Maher said.

"She put in many 60-hourweeks, and when the organiza tion was running short of
funds, she would write a check. She has written some pretty big checks over the
years and still does,'" he said.

With the move to an office, thevolunteer staff, which was growing, was able to
expand and create social programs.

In the early years, the Foothillproject focused on personal sup port for those
suffering from HIV or AIDS.

Henry Rust, 83, began volunteering in 1990. After going through a training
program to become a Personal Active Lis tener, he was given a buddy, Rick
Lilley. Lilley was in his late 30s when Rust started to visit him in his home in
River side.

"When I first started to go seehim, he told me that he won't be alive at
Christmas," Rust said. "He died 10 years later."

Rust would pick up Lilley andtake him out to lunch about three times a month, he
said. Rust also took him to the doc tor, and was a confidant.

"He was not overbearing, and Ithink he appreciated my being there," Rust said.
"It was differ ent from his other friends and the other people that seemed to be
always hanging around his house."

Since Lilley died earlier thisyear, Rust has not been in volved with Foothill
AIDS Pro ject.

"They don't do the buddy program anymore, and everything they do now is so
different," Rust said.

These days, the Foothill AIDSProject works mostly on provid ing housing for the
afflicted.

Earlier this year, the San Bernardino County Housing Au thority made Foothill
AIDS Pro ject the central agency for all Housing Opportunities For Peo ple With
AIDS program fund ing. All other HIV/AIDS com munity groups send their clients
to Foothill AIDS Project for housing under the program.

"There have been some seriousbattles with staff from other groups," McCray said.
"People want to know why FAP gets all the money, and why they get to make the
decisions. But it's re ally hard because some of the people that come to us, I
don't feel they are ready to live alone, and I have to call their case manager
and tell them that."

The housing program money isso beneficial that McCray said she does not want to
jeopardize it to appease people and be pop ular among the other agencies.

"I see housing as health care,"she said. "If I don't have a house, I am not
healthy, and if our clients don't have a place to live they can't get and stay
healthy."

SUBHEAD HERE

Foothill AIDS Project and Inland AIDS Project provide simi lar services, but
case managers will refer clients to the other agency if they need something the
organization cannot pro vide.

Both organizations' clients aregiven a case manager who helps identify the
client's specific needs and develop a plan that addresses the services needed.

Foothill AIDS Project also provides family support services and can connect
families affect ed by HIV/AIDS.

Inland AIDS Project clients canrequest transportation service from their case
manager, which will send a referral to the Trans portation Program Manager. Once
the referral is received, a client can begin requesting rides.

Clients can be transported tomedical and dental appoint ments in San Bernardino
and Riverside Counties only. Clients can also use the service to get to
counseling and group meetings or legal appointments at Inland AIDS Project. The
service hours are Monday through Friday, 7 a.m. to 8 p.m. Arrangements must be
made two business days in advance.

Foothill AIDS Project clientscan receive taxi vouchers to go to and from case
management and medical appointments. They can also get bus and Metrolink passes
to access other medical services.

The Foothill AIDS Project foodpantry helps supply supplemen tal foods, hygiene
items and nu tritional supplements for cli ents.

Eligibility for Inland AIDS Project food assistance is based on the Ryan White
CARE Act Title I service standards. Food assis tance is intended for people with
proof of income at 150 per cent or less of the Federal Pov erty Guidelines.

Inland AIDS Project provides legal services with staff paralegal. Services are
limited to advice and document preparation. Cli ents who exceed the income lim
it or have a need requiring ex tensive attorney involvement will be referred to
agencies pro viding reduced fee or no fee ser vice. Legal Services are provid ed
to help clients with HIV related issues. Inland AIDS Pro ject does not handle
criminal cases or law suites.

Foothill AIDS Project also collaborates with other HIV/AIDS service providers to
offer legal services, education assistance, advocacy for public, private and
employee benefits.

Foothill AIDS Project is now located in the United Church of Christ in
Claremont. Initially they paid $1 each month in rent and did not pay utilities.

"The church and Butch Henderson were and still are extremely generous," Maher
said. "We were having financial trouble when we moved here. Without the church,
we would have failed."

Foothill AIDS Project receives83 percent of its funding from government grants,
8 percent from special events, 5 percent from individual donation, 4 per cent
from corporate donations and does not earn any money from the services it
provides, said Ty Ramsower, Foothill AIDS Project director.

Mira Katz can be reached by e-mail at mira.katz@dailybulletin.com or by phone at
[909] 483-8551.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 Valley Daily Bulletin


                             939 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 31, 1995, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

AIDS Groups Fear Loss Of Health Care Benefits

BYLINE: By DAVID W. DUNLAP

SECTION: Section A;   Page 22;   Column 1;   National Desk

LENGTH: 1129 words


AIDS care groups nationwide say they fear that the plan to give states more
control over Medicaid, which pays the health costs of half of the nation's AIDS
patients, will force thousands of people to forgo benefits like prescription
drugs and home health care.

Under the budget legislation passed by the House and the Senate last week,
Medicaid spending would be slowed and the Federal Government would make block
grants to the states, which would largely set their own standards for
eligibility and care. The full Congress has yet to approve the budget bill, and
President Clinton has vowed to veto any legislation with health care cuts that
he regards as too severe.

But AIDS care groups are worried that block grants will create competition in
state legislatures between families, the elderly, other disabled recipients and
people with AIDS. And they are fairly certain who would lose.

"People with AIDS are not politically popular to defend," said Mark Barnes,
executive director of the AIDS Action Council in Washington, which represents
about 1,000 AIDS groups nationwide.

"As a person who grew up in Alabama, I fear, I tremble, for the fate of people
with AIDS under a purely state-administered Medicaid program," he said. "If
you're asking the average state legislator in Montgomery to choose between an
elderly person in long-term care and a person with AIDS, given the social stigma
and opprobrium directed toward people with AIDS, it's a no-brainer."

As Republicans see it, state legislatures are closer to the health problems
faced by their constituents than is the Federal Government. Craig Murphy, a
spokesman for Representative Joe L. Barton, a Texas Republican who is a member
of the House Commerce subcommittee that oversees Medicaid, said, "There's no
reason to assume that there's anything wrong with the priorities a state would
make."

In New York, Lois Uttley, public affairs director of the state Health
Department, said, "If resources are finite, the state would target resources to
the most needy, and certainly people with H.I.V. and AIDS are in that category."

Kim Belshe, director of the California Department of Health Services, said block
grants could give states more flexibility in addressing the special needs of
their citizens, instead of accommodating a "Federal, one-size-fits-all
mentality."

But neither Ms. Belshe nor any other state official can fully assess the impact
of the proposed changes, which have moved rapidly through Congress.

Ms. Belshe finds herself gazing into a snow dome, rather than a crystal ball, as
she and her colleagues seek answers about the future of Medi-Cal, the California
Medicaid program. "We are frantically trying to figure out what's behind all
those snowflakes," she said.

Medi-Cal supports 40 percent of the 3,000 clinic patients and 50 percent of the
2,000 hospice residents served by the AIDS Healthcare Foundation in Los Angeles.

The proposed changes in Medicaid would be "disastrous," said Cesar A. Portillo,
director of government affairs for the foundation.

"The political atmosphere in Sacramento is extremely hostile to people who are
medically indigent," he added. "And when you're talking about AIDS in Los
Angeles County, you're talking about a substantial number of immigrants."

Hispanic people account for 30 percent of the AIDS patients in Los Angeles, Mr.
Portillo said, and a majority of those are immigrants.

At the Infectious Diseases Clinic of the Medical College of Virginia Hospitals
in Richmond, about 30 percent of the 1,200 patients depend on Medicaid. Nearly
one-fourth are black women; half are black men.

"I'm very concerned about what will happen on the state level," said Dr. Lisa G.
Kaplowitz, director of the H.I.V.-AIDS Center of Virginia Commonwealth
University, which includes the Richmond clinic. "People are seeing cost savings,
but there is very little or no discussion about the quality of care."

Republicans say Congress is not scrimping on care. They cite the Congressional
reauthorization earlier this year of the Ryan White Comprehensive AIDS Resource
Emergency Act, which assists people with AIDS and H.I.V., the virus that causes
AIDS.

Grateful as they are for that legislation, AIDS care groups say it is not
enough. "Ryan White dollars pale in comparison to the funding that Medicaid
provides for so many people with AIDS," said Dr. R. Scott Hitt, chairman of the
Presidential Advisory Council on H.I.V./AIDS.

In the 1994 fiscal year, public spending on health care for people with AIDS and
H.I.V. amounted to $3.75 billion, according to the Henry J. Kaiser Family
Foundation, which has studied Medicaid issues. Of that, nearly 70 percent was
paid by Medicaid, 15 percent by the Ryan White Act and 13 percent by Medicare.

More than half of all the AIDS patients in the United States, or roughly 100,000
people, depend on Medicaid to pay for their health care, said Patricia S.
Fleming, director of the Office of National AIDS Policy, a White House agency.
"The epidemic is moving directly into poor communities," she said, "so it's not
surprising that so many people are eligible for Medicaid."

Medicaid spending on people with advanced cases of AIDS may range from $9,500 to
$43,000 a year per person, depending on the severity of the illness, Kaiser
Foundation officials said. In contrast, about $9,300 per person a year is spent
on the elderly, $8,000 on the blind and disabled and $1,200 on children.

Although requirements vary from state to state, Medicaid generally covers AIDS
patients with incomes of less than $625 a month who are too sick to support
themselves.

Often, Mr. Barnes said, people with AIDS who have no private health insurance
quickly spend themselves into poverty.

He and other advocates for people with AIDS envision a destructive competition
for care.

"No civilized society should ever find itself at that point," said
Representative Gerry E. Studds, a Massachusetts Democrat who is a member of the
Commerce Committee. "The ultimate obscenity is, 'Who shall we treat -- this
gentleman with Alzheimer's, or this gentleman with AIDS?' "

Mr. Studds mentioned new antiviral drugs, known as protease inhibitors, which he
said "will likely become the standard of care for people with AIDS." If states
are not required to pay for these "prohibitively expensive" treatments, he said,
"patients in need of them will simply be out of luck."

David Tuzo, 33, of the Bronx, who has AIDS and depends on Medicaid, said that
the "cost of medication alone would be too much for me." His regimen now
includes an antiviral drug called Zovirax, an antifungal drug called Mycelex and
an antiprotozoal drug called Bactrim. The cost runs about $300 to $400 a month.

"Without Medicaid," he said, "I would have died."


LOAD-DATE: October 31, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: "Without Medicaid, I would have died," David Tuzo, foreground,
said last week at his apartment on the Grand Concourse in the Bronx. Mr. Tuzo,
33, who has AIDS, depends on Medicaid and worries about cuts in the program.
With him were his sons, Kevin Quinones, 14, left, and Omar Nieves, 16. (Chris
Maynard for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             940 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     April 15, 1991, Monday, FINAL EDITION

AIDS victims can visit Canada Lawyers' group calls it safe and sensible

BYLINE: By Desmond Bill Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1/ FRONT

LENGTH: 505 words


The federal government's decision to allow people with AIDS to enter Canada as
visitors was endorsed today as both safe and sensible.

Tracey Tremayne-Lloyd, head of the AIDS committee of the Canadian Bar
Association, said visitors infected with the HIV virus or even with the
fullblown disease are unlikely to be a danger to Canadians.

But, she added, her committee is still opposed to allowing anyone infected with
the disease from immigrating.

"Such people will ultimately become sick and will require tremendous amounts of
medical attention," she said.

Unlike other immigrants, who are expected to make a contribution to Canadian
society, they would inevitably become a burden on it. The situation is different
with short-term visitors, she said.

"The vast majority of people with this horrible disease conduct themselves
responsibly and no one can get this disease casually, just from being in a room
with an infected person," she said.

The decision to lift the ban on visitors with AIDS was announced in Vancouver
last night by Health Minister Perrin Beatty.

Until now, anyone who admitted to having the disease was turned away at the
border. The only exceptions were delegates to an international AIDS conference
in Montreal in 1989 and competitors at the Gay Games in Vancouver last year.

Tremayne-Lloyd said it is not only "inappropriate" to try to exclude people with
AIDS but it is also impossible, since it is not practical to test every visitor
to Canada.

She said the AIDS committee of the bar association has begun to study "the whole
question of whether public health legislation is adequate to handle
irresponsible people" with AIDS who continue to engage in unprotected sex.

Beatty won loud applause when he announced at a national AIDS convention that
visitors with AIDS or HIV infections "will be treated in exactly the same manner
as any other visitor to Canada."

Beatty also promised:

* Improved AIDS policies in the workplace.

* $ 30 million for AIDS research.

* $ 34 million for a national AIDS strategy.

Beatty said the conference will hear the results of a federal study into the
incidence of AIDS in prisons. Corrections Canada, he said, will be asked to
co-operate in changing its policies.

A dozen angry ACT-UP protesters pelted Beatty with peanuts at the start of the
convention.

Shouting "peanuts for AIDS" the protesters - members of the AIDS Coalition to
Unleash Power - unfurled a banner and shouted over Beatty as he spoke.

"Release all drugs to PWAs (persons with AIDS)," said protester John Kozachenko.
"PWAs should make decisions which drugs, what dosages and what we want to do
with our lives."

"No matter how loud you shout you won't stop me talking to persuade people to
fight AIDS," Beatty told protesters.

B.C. Health Minister John Jansen indicated earlier he planned to amend his
ministry's policy, which requires AIDS sufferers to pay 20 per cent of the cost
of the expensive anti-AIDS drug, AZT.

* With files from Canadian Press.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             941 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    October 19, 1990, Friday, FINAL EDITION

'Pioneering' women with AIDS urge others to speak out in book project

BYLINE: By Catherine Dunphy Toronto Star

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 568 words


   AIDS is now a women's disease.

In fact, so many heterosexual women are HIV-positive they are counted as the
fastest growing segment of the AIDS population.

Still the statistics can be confusing.

"There are not many clear statistics on the numbers of women who have tested
positive, but 300 women across Canada have been diagnosed (with AIDS), so we can
assume probably 1,500 women (test positive)," says Lesli Gaynor of the AIDS
Committee of Toronto (ACT).

The most recent City of Toronto report says there have been 142 women reported
HIV-positive during the past six years. The biggest increase (from six to 39
reported cases) occurred between 1986 and 1987; in '88 there were 28 reported
HIV-infected women, in '89 there were 38, and so far this year, 30.

Two months ago across Canada, 229 female adults and 26 female children were
reported as HIV-positive, but many cases go unreported.

"They say the number of heterosexual women now getting AIDS is equal to AIDS'
rate of increase in gay men in 1984," says Darien Taylor.

She looks across the restaurant table on Church St. and grins.

She is 33, and she is a woman with AIDS. She is not hiding anything. Darien
Taylor is her real name. She is active with ACT, with its fledgling women's
groups and will soon be a major leader with the very vocal, very upfront AIDS
lobby group, AIDS Action Now.

She's public and above-board because she believes HIV-positive women have been
ignored - by the professionals, by the community activists, by other people with
AIDS.

"Even the one poster (for the current AIDS Awareness Week) they did about 'the
girl-next-door' getting AIDS showed a door opened slightly - the women were
totally out of sight," she says.

Which is why she wants women with AIDS from all over the world to speak up and
out about their experiences. Taylor and another woman with AIDS have a $16,000
Canada Council grant to gather the women's experiences into a book. They've put
out a call for submissions - everything from cartoons and love letters to
diaries and dreams. Already they've had replies from New Zealand, Switzerland
and a native American woman.

They're willing to go to groups of HIV-positive women and lead discussions;
they'd like to get so many artistic submissions they could mount an exhibition;
they want to hear from HIV-infected women in Africa, Asia and beyond.

"This book says that this is what we are doing about ourselves. We are not
collecting work already done but work being written by amateurs for the first
time," says Taylor.

If requested, anonymity is guaranteed, because even Taylor's fellow editor on
the project uses a pseudonym. She calls herself Andrea Zack and will not allow
any details - even her age - to be published in case people learn she has AIDS.

She talks upbeat: "We're told face on we are mortal. It's like a kick in the ass
but it also gives you a space to explore things. There are privileges to living
with a life-threatening situation. It has given me much more energy and I'm
doing things with so much more focus."

This year's World AIDS Day - Dec. 1 - focuses on women and AIDS. "This disease
has not been studied as a woman's disease. These women (with AIDS) are
pioneering," says ACT's Gaynor.

* For information on submissions to the book by women with AIDS, contact: P.O.
Box 471, Station C, Toronto M6J 3P5.AIDS; women; book

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1990 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             942 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 23, 1989, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Helping People With AIDS Stay on Job

BYLINE: By PENNY SINGER

SECTION: Section 12WC; Page 12, Column 3; Westchester Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 1579 words


THE longer people with AIDS can stay on the job, the longer they live, say those
who monitor people with the disease.

''On every level, from those in high managerial positions to assembly-line
workers, we've observed that people with AIDS who manage to keep working live
longer,'' said Richard J. Owens, client director of AIDS Related Community
Services in White Plains. ''Working gives them a sense of being alive and that
helps them develop a positive attitude toward life that is useful in fighting
the disease.''

Mr. Owens cited a government official with AIDS who worked until three days
before his death. ''He not only astonished his doctors, but his colleagues, who
had no idea that he was suffering from AIDS,'' Mr. Owens said.

A 49-year-old radiologist who recently learned he has AIDS said he intended to
conceal it until the end. ''My work is the only thing that is keeping me sane,''
he said. ''I know I am not harming anyone by working. I've told my chief about
my condition and he agrees with my desire to keep my condition confidential.

''The irony,'' he added, ''is that like many radiologists, for years I feared
contracting cancer.''

Several Fears Are Generated

Concealment of the disease is still widely practiced in the workplace. ''In my
experience, most people with AIDS want to keep it secret,'' Mr. Owens said.
''There are many reasons. There is fear of ostracism by fellow employees, but
even more important there is the fear of being dismissed from the job on some
trumped-up reason, because it is illegal to fire someone because he has AIDS.
But people fear losing their all-important health benefits.''

Mr. Owens, who is a psychotherapist, said about 500 people with active cases of
AIDS sought help from his organization in March. ''We cover seven counties
including Westchester, and the number of cases we see has been doubling about
every 16 months,'' Mr. Owens said. ''In the early days, cases doubled every
year, so the numbers are down somewhat.''

The organization provides such services as counseling and case management, home
care and support systems for family members.

According to the county's Department of Health, there were 890 documented cases
of AIDS in Westchester last year.

''I believe there is less fear and more understanding of the disease right
now,'' Mr. Owens said, ''possibly because the disease is not confined to gay
men. Half the new cases of AIDS come from those in the general population.''
Discussing the attitude of the business community toward the disease, Mr. Owens
said: ''There are a lot of individual heroes out there. I know of several
companies that have bent over backward to try to keep people with AIDS working
as long as possible.''

At one such company, he said, special arrangements were made to cover a worker's
job when he needed treatment. ''It was kept completely confidential,'' Mr. Owens
said. ''Only his boss and his supervisor knew that he had AIDS, and they were
very supportive of him.''

But what is also happening, he said, is that highly motivated people are
remaining in dead-end jobs because they test HIV positive. ''They're like the
34-year-old banker who recently came to us for counseling after he reluctantly
turned down a better job,'' he said. ''They're worried about revealing their
pre-existing medical conditions to a new employer for fear of losing health
benefits.''

Dr. Leon Warshaw is president of a business group in Manhattan that advises
business on health-education matters. ''We work with companies in the tri-state
area,'' Dr. Warshaw said, ''and we are advocating that employers look at their
existing benefits policies and evaluate them using the ''what if?'' method. What
if we found HIV positive employees? Would we be able to cover them?''

Some Ignore the Warnings

Although more employees can be expected to contract AIDS, Dr. Warshaw said, many
employers are still adopting the ostrich posture. ''They ignore the warnings and
they hope it won't happen to them,'' he said. ''And when it does - and it
probably will - our concern is that in their ignorance or zeal to isolate, they
will fire or refuse to hire people with AIDS, which is against the law.''

Dr. Warshaw is advocating that employers adopt an AIDS policy and make education
programs on AIDS available to all their employees.

Mr. Owens suggested that people with AIDS speak to employees at area companies.
''So far, I don't know of any companies who have actually had someone with AIDS
address their employees,'' Mr. Owens said. ''But I believe it would be a very
effective way to change the attitude people have about the disease.''

Owen Borda is the HIV/AIDS education coordinator at the Red Cross chapter's
office in White Plains. About two years ago, the Red Cross began supplying
speakers and offering a program on AIDS to businesses.

''We met a lot of resistance,'' Mr. Borda recalled. ''With the exception of the
very large companies, most businesses were very slow to take any action on AIDS
education. Companies are more interested today, since now almost everyone knows
or has heard of someone with the virus.''

Education Is Stressed

''With the number of AIDS cases growing every year, it is inevitable that sooner
or later every employer and worker will come in contact with someone with AIDS,
'' he said. ''Business must lead in educating workers. Supportive, informative
companies inspire trust in employees, while ignorant companies who hide their
heads in the sand, face serious disruptions in the workplace.''

Mr. Borda recalled a situation at one company that did not have an educational
program: ''A young man out on disability for two months returned to work. Rumors
that he had AIDS began and built up to the point that 30 people walked off the
job to protest having to work with someone with AIDS.''

The head of that company, he said, ''called for our education program, but it
was too late for education.

''We had a crisis-intervention situation on our hands. And it took all we could
do to defuse emotions and get the 30 people back on the job.''

The Red Cross education program, developed in White Plains, assists business in
organizing and administering an AIDS policy. Meetings are held with company
officers, managers and employees. The program has become the model for a
national program sponsored by the national Red Cross and the Centers for Disease
Control in Atlanta, Mr. Borda said.

Although many companies' AIDS policies are still in the planning stage, others
have policies in place.

At the Reader's Digest in Pleasantville, Virginia Conway, a registered nurse and
the manager of health services, said: ''To my knowledge, we were one of the
first companies to take an aggressive stand on AIDS when we began offering
seminars, lectures and films to our 2,000 employees. We take the same approach
with employees that we have taken editorially in the Reader's Digest magazine''
- in articles citing disease-risk factors on the job - that ''the workplace is a
safe environment.

At N estle, in Purchase, Jane Ryan, a registered nurse and occupational health
administrator, said: ''Our goal is to keep updating employees with information
on the HIV virus. Owen Borda was here last week, and his program was well
attended. We also have AIDS-education programs at our plants throughout the
country.''

The policy, she explained, ''is to treat any employee or job applicant who may
have AIDS as we would any other individual with a life-threatening disease. They
are evaluated on an individual basis, taking performance into consideration.''

Sheila S. Lacey, a registered nurse, is director of the United Hospital AIDS
Care Program in Port Chester. ''We are the only hospital in Westchester with an
organized AIDS-care program that includes patient care, support and education,''
she said.

The program was developed three years ago, she said, ''after our epidemiology
department completed a countywide survey that revealed an increasing caseload in
all county hospitals and a general lack of necessary hospital and community
services.''

Ms. Lacey said a program was set up to deliver care to HIV positive people in
the hospital and on an outpatient basis. Group and individual counseling also
became an important part of the program.

A Word on Free Drug Program

Ms. Lacey noted that people with AIDS who earn less than $33,000 a year are
entitled to free drug prescriptions for AIDS treatment. ''Part of our job is
helping people get their entitlements and benefits,'' she said. ''With drugs and
early diagnosis, people with AIDS have been able to reduce hospital stays.''

Mentioning a young graphic artist in his 20's, Ms. Lacey said, ''He and about 29
other patients we have counseled or treated this year have been able to return
to work in less than two weeks.'' People are living longer and coping with the
disease earlier, she said, and the more sophisticated the workforce, the less
frightened the staff is of a co-worker with AIDS.

But she said there are companies that still do not believe AIDS is an issue of
concern tothem. ''Before I can give employees the necessary AIDS information, I
still find I have to talk my way into many companies,'' she said. ''When I first
contacted the Port Chester Chamber of Commerce, for instance, and offered our
education program to their members, they never got back to me. But I tried them
again recently and there was some interest in our education program.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Sheila S. Lacey, program director for the United Hospital AIDS
Care Program in Port Chester, Ann Rose, a volunteer, and nurse Pat Ames; Richard
J. Owens, client director fo AIDS Related Community Services in White Plains
(NYT/Suzanne DeChillo)

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                             943 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 20, 1987, Friday, Late City Final Edition

A British Policy on Hemophiliacs And Doctors Infected With AIDS

BYLINE: By STEVE LOHR, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 23, Column 1; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 732 words

DATELINE: LONDON, Nov. 19


The British Government has made two public policy decisions this week that
organizations representing AIDS-infected individuals are hailing as important
and enlightened steps in dealing with the needs of AIDS-sufferers in Britain and
in helping check the spread of the disease.

The British moves concern specific groups of people suffering from acquired
immune deficiency syndrome - doctors and hemophiliacs - but address the broader
issues of confidentiality and financial assistance for AIDS patients and their
families.

The British Health Department said this week that doctors with AIDS should be
allowed to continue practicing except in special circumstances and that patients
do not have the right to be told that their physician has the virus. The
exceptions are doctors whose field of specialization involves the risk of
''blood to blood'' contact with patients, such as some surgeons.

The Government also announced a grant of nearly $18 million to assist the 1,200
British hemophiliacs who have been infected with HIV, the AIDS virus, from
contaminated blood. The contaminated blood was mainly imported supplies,
including some from the United States that came to Britain before 1985, after
which tests to detect the virus in donated blood were introduced and all
imported blood had to be heat-treated to kill the HIV virus.

'Special Needs of AIDS Victims'

''These decisions are to be welcomed,'' said Nicholas Partridge, administrator
of the Terrence Higgins Trust, the largest AIDS charity in Britain. ''The
Government is beginning to recognize the special needs of AIDS victims.''

Indeed, groups representing AIDS sufferers typically praise the Conservative
Government of Margaret Thatcher for its handling of most AIDS issues in Britain,
often ignoring calls from the right wing of its own party for less sympathetic
treatment for infected individuals and for a public education effort stressing
conservative morals.

The spread of AIDS in Britain is far behind its course in the United States,
with 1,123 reported cases so far of people with AIDS symptoms in Britain
compared with more than 45,000 in America. Having seen the American experience,
in which the virus spread rapidly among some groups in the early 1980's before
the major education efforts got under way, the British Government has moved
comparatively early in mounting a public education effort to try to curb the
spread of the disease.

Since January, the Government has run AIDS television advertisements and passed
out leaflets about AIDS to every household in the country as part of its public
education drive.

Articles About Infected Doctors

The confidentiality issue has been raised because of two articles about AIDS
-infected doctors in London newspapers. One appeared in News of the World, a
mass-circulation Sunday paper, under a headline that read, ''Scandal of the Docs
with AIDS,'' describing two general practitioners who continued to practice
despite having the AIDS virus.

The article was based on confidential medical files on the doctors improperly
given to News of the World by a health worker, whom the paper paid for the
information. A British High Court earlier this month fined the newspaper $18,000
for printing the confidential information despite a court order banning
publication. However, the paper did not print the names of the doctors.

Last weekend another newspaper, The Mail on Sunday, printed an article about a
London kidney specialist who died of AIDS six weeks ago, and it named the
doctor.

Afterward, the British Health Department issued its statement of government
policy saying that AIDS-infected doctors can continue working in most cases and
that their patients do not have to be told. Though praised by AIDS groups and
the British Medical Association, the doctors' trade organization, the government
edict was criticized by many Labor and Conservative members of Parliament as not
providing sufficient safeguards for patients.

The Government explains its decision in terms of the minimal risk AIDS-infected
doctors present to patients and the overriding need to get AIDS sufferers to
seek treatment openly rather than driving them underground.

In the United States, the Federal Government similarly recommends that health
care workers who are infected with the AIDS virus should be allowed to continue
working except in special circumstances.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             944 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 4, 1987, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

NEW YORK HOSPITALS REPORT RISE IN NUMBER OF AIDS PATIENTS

BYLINE: By RONALD SULLIVAN

SECTION: Section 2; Page 31, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 635 words


The number of AIDS patients in private and municipal hospitals in New York City
increased by one-third during the last 12 months, taking up beds that Federal
health planners said would not be needed for AIDS victims until 1990, hospital
officials said yesterday.

More than 1,000 patients with AIDS or AIDS-related illnesses are now
hospitalized on any given day in the city, they said, straining overworked
clinical staffs and crowding intensive care units and medical floors.

By the end of 1991, the City Health Department projects the cumulative number of
AIDS cases in New York City will rise to at least 40,000 and that almost as many
AIDS cases will be diagnosed here in the year 1991 as the 9,526 cases that were
counted here from 1981 to last month.

''The rising hospitalization is a clear example of the steadily increasing
burden of the AIDS epidemic on the city, especially its clincal facilities,''
said Dr. Stephen C. Joseph, the city's Health Commissioner.

'No Solutions in Sight'

''The curve is up and up toward 40,000 cases and we have no solutions in
sight,'' he said. ''The best thing we can do is organize our resources.''

The increasing number of AIDS patients has contributed, in part, to a surge in
overall hospitalization in the city, officials said, causing long waits at many
hospitals for elective surgery and medical admissions.

In a survey conducted in all hospitals in the city during the first week of
March, the Greater New York Hospital Association, a lobbying organization for
private nonprofit hospitals, counted 1,071 patients hospitalized with AIDS or
AIDS-related illnesses.

According to the survey, 727 of the patients were in private hospitals and 344
in municipal ones.

Hospital officials estimated that the combined numbers exceeded the number of
hospitalized AIDS patients during the same period last year by one-third.

'Faster Than We Anticipated'

''The number of AIDS patients being hospitalized is growing much faster than we
anticipated,'' said Kenneth A. Raske, the association's president.

For example, Bellevue Hospital Center, which treats more AIDS patients than any
other hospital in the country, had 72 AIDS patients yesterday, compared with
about 50 patients at this time last year.

St. Clare's Hospital, a small Catholic community hospital on Manhattan's West
Side and the first state-designated AIDS center, had 63 AIDS patients, compared
with 40 at the same time last year.

''We are under a heavy burden,'' said Richard Yezzo, St. Clare's executive
director.

According to the association, the number of AIDS patients at other hospitals had
increased, too, with Presbyterian Hospital reporting 27; St. Luke's-Roosevelt
Hospital Center, 47; Mount Sinai Medical Center, 26; St. Vincent's Medical
Center, 44; Lenox Hill Hospital, 21, and Interfaith Medical Center in Brooklyn,
38.

With AIDS hospitalization rising, occupancy levels at many hospitals have
increased dramatically, averaging 96.5 percent at the six hospitals and 86
percent citywide.

''If the demand continues, we will have to have more beds,'' said Mr. Raske, who
is leading the association's fight against efforts by state and Federal health
planners to reduce the city's 35,000 hospitals beds by 5,000.

In counting cases, the hospitals are including patients with AIDS diagnoses
defined by the Federal Centers for Disease Control and patients with AIDS
-related illnesses that involve infections associated with the HIV virus that
causes AIDS, but which fall short of federally defined diagnoses.

AIDS, or acquired immune deficiency syndrome, destroys the body's immune system,
exposing victims to a variety of fatal infections and illnesses. There have been
more than 33,000 cases reported thus far in the country, with the city
accounting for 31 percent.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             945 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 17, 1986, Monday, Late City Final Edition

PHYSICAL SUFFERING IS NOT THE ONLY PAIN THAT AIDS CAN INFLICT

BYLINE: By E. R. SHIPP

SECTION: Section A; Page 8, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 2378 words


Todd Shuttleworth had been a Broward County budget analyst for 15 months when it
became known that he had AIDS.

He was first placed on sick leave, and then, he recalled in an interview, ''When
I came to pick up my paycheck a couple of weeks later, I was told that I was
fired.''

He fought that move as discriminatory, and won the first round of his case
before the Florida Human Relations Commission. But appeals by Broward County,
which acknowledges that the dismissal was based on Mr. Shuttleworth's illness,
could mean months before a decision on damages would be reached.

Mr. Shuttleworth is one of a growing number of people around the country, from
telephone repairmen to teachers to flight attendants, who say they have lost
their jobs or otherwise been discriminated against because they have - or
because some people think they have - AIDS.

This is reflected in an increase in official complaints of discrimination
against victims of acquired immune deficiency syndrome and against homosexuals
in general, who, along with narcotics users, account for most cases of the
illness, from which no one has been known to recover.

Few complaints have been resolved, but many public officials and civil rights
advocates say the numbers reflect only a small part of the actual discrimination
against homosexuals, which they believe is rising.

''If you get a rash of complaints you can be sure there are many more under the
surface,'' says Douglas H. White, the New York State Human Rights Commissioner.

Further, a Gallup Poll reported that more than a third of Americans say they
have a less favorable attitude toward homosexuals because of AIDS. And according
to a poll taken by The Los Angeles Times, most Americans favor some sort of
legal discrimination against homosexuals as a result of AIDS.

Any complaint of discrimination is difficult to prove, even in cases involving
race and religion where plaintiffs and officials can cite history and statistics
to bolster their case. And for people who actually have AIDS, the inescapable
progress of the disease often means that the legal tangle lasts longer than the
plaintiff.

Many employers say the challenged actions had nothing to do with AIDS. ''You're
not working out as we expected,'' or ''We feel there is a personality conflict''
are typical of the reasons given for dismissal, according to William McCullough,
executive director of the AIDS Assistance Foundation in Chicago.

Others, like Broward County, have argued that they should be allowed to
discriminate against AIDS sufferers as a way of protecting the health of other
employees and the public. But experts know of no cases in which the AIDS virus
has been transmitted except through sexual intercourse or the direct exchange of
blood, as in the sharing of hypodermic needles or from mother to fetus.

''Our impression is that there has always been a considerable amount of anti-gay
discrimination out there, but AIDS has whipped it up to a certain extent,'' said
Katie Taylor, a human rights specialist for the New York City Commission on
Human Rights.

Through October 1983, she said, the commission had received only 20 complaints
of discrimination based on sexual orientation. But in the following year, she
said, 154 such complaints were made, and in the year ending in November 1985,
another 320.

She estimated that 200 of the complaints were related to AIDS, which has hit New
York City particularly hard. The city has a third of the 17,000 cases of the
disease reported nationwide.

Early complaints, Miss Taylor said, included ''grotesque situations'' where
medical personnel would not care for people with AIDS or children were abandoned
if a parent died of AIDS. As public knowledge about the disease has increased,
such cases are being replaced by ''other types of discrimination,'' she said,
particularly against people perceived to be homosexual.

The New York State Division of Human Rights, which gets some complaints that the
city does not, received 42 from September 1983 to October 1985, with half of
them coming last September and October.

In San Francisco, which has the second highest number of AIDS cases, eight AIDS
-related discrimination complaints were made to the city's Human Rights
Commission in the fiscal year 1984, 20 in 1985 and 39 so far in the current
year.

''We don't think this is nearly all of them,'' said Jackie Winnow, the
commission's Lesbian and Gay Community Liasion.

In general, according to those familiar with the situation, people are being
discriminated against if they have AIDS, if they are thought to have been
exposed to the AIDS virus and, in an increasing number of cases, because someone
gets the mistaken notion that they are carriers of the disease.

In one New York complaint by a man who lost his job in a food store after a
lingering cold, the employer said, according to the complainant, that a
homosexual employee with a cold would ''injure business.''

The Fears and Dislikes

Because of AIDS, children have been barred from classrooms, sick people have
been refused medical care, insurance benefits have been denied and tenants have
been evicted.

Legal authorities, advocates of homosexual rights and human rights officials say
some of these actions stem from a genuine fear of AIDS while others are
expressions of a general dislike of homosexuals.

Bias against homosexuals was common even before the AIDS epidemic struck, and in
the Gallup Poll of 1,008 adults taken in November, 59 percent said AIDS had not
changed their attitudes toward homosexuals.

That survey, which Gallup said had a margin of sampling error of plus or minus
four percentage points, found that Americans are split evenly on the question of
whether homosexual relations between consenting adults should be legal, the same
as in polls taken before AIDS became a public health issue.

It also found little change in the substantial numbers of people who oppose the
hiring of homosexuals as teachers or doctors or for some other jobs.

But The Los Angeles Times found in its December poll that there was a great deal
of support for discriminatory measures linked, at least in the public mind,
directly to AIDS.

When 2,308 people were asked if they would support various measures, 77 percent
said they would bar homosexuals from donating blood; 51 percent favored banning
people with AIDS from having sex; 51 percent favored quarantines for people with
AIDS; 48 percent wanted people who have antibodies to the AIDS virus to carry
special identification cards; 45 percent favored testing job seekers for AIDS
antibodies, and 15 percent favored requiring special tattoos for people with
AIDS. The Times said the margin of sampling error was 3 percentage points in
either direction.

The most common test in connection with AIDS is one used to detect the presence
of antibodies to the AIDS virus. Antibodies indicate past infection and probable
continuing infection with the virus. Some estimates have been that at least half
of the homosexual men in New York and San Francisco have been exposed to the
AIDS virus. To date only a minority of those infected with the virus have
developed the condition known as AIDS.

The Rumors of AIDS

Paul F. Cronan, a 30-year-old telephone repairman in Boston, learned firsthand
about the public's reaction when word spread among his co-workers that he had
AIDS. At the time he did not have AIDS, but a milder form, known as AIDS-related
complex.

He had worked for New England Telephone for 12 years, since the day after he
graduated from high school. At the time he learned he had AIDS-related complex
he was working in South Boston as an outdoor repairman, earning $547 a week. The
previous winter he had bought a house.

Last June a friend called him at home to warn him, ''Some guys at the South
Boston garage want to lynch you.''

''These guys didn't know I'm gay,'' Mr. Cronan said in a recent interview.
''They're in their 40's and they write things on the wall like 'G.A.Y. - Got
Aids Yet?'' '

He did not return to work out of fear for his life, he said, and could not get
the company to transfer him. Now he draws $93 a week in unemployment
compensation and is suing for $50,000 in lost income and $1 million in punitive
damages.

A spokesman for New England Telephone, Peter J. Cronin, denied that Mr. Cronan
was forced to leave his job because of AIDS. He would not elaborate, saying, ''A
response will be made in the proper forum at the proper time.''

Not every victim of the fear of AIDS is actually an AIDS victim.

Rafael Torres, for example, says he does not have AIDS. But the 34-year-old Los
Angeles resident said that shortly after he was treated at a hospital for an
abscessed tooth he lost his job as an administrative clerk at Famous Amos
cookies when co-workers found a card for an AIDS hotline on his desk.

Mr. Torres is being represented by the American Civil Liberties Union in
negotiations with the company. If no settlement can be reached, according to his
attorney, a lawsuit will be filed.

Ronald J. Silverman, an attorney for Famous Amos, said Mr. Torres was dismissed
for excessive absenteeism. But he said the case had led the company to begin
developing a policy on employees who have AIDS.

In Fairhaven, Mass., near New Bedford, Mark Carter, a 34-year-old English
teacher, was being treated for a blood disorder related to mononucleosis when
rumors began circulating in the school system that he had AIDS. Last fall, he
said, school officials ordered him to take a medical leave and resign by Jan. 1.

Mr. Carter said that after he met with school officials and lawyers he was
allowed to resume teaching Oct. 10. Then, according to him and to his wife,
Deborah, who was recovering from a brain hemorrhage, they began to receive
threatening telephone calls, and parents of his students received calls warning
them that their children could get AIDS from him.

He decided to take a leave of absence for the rest of the school year. Now,
while he pursues a claim before the Massachusetts Commission Against
Discrimination, he is also considering bringing a lawsuit against school
officials and others who he contends helped spread rumors about his health.

''I feel so bad for him,'' Mrs. Carter said of her husband, who has recently
been diagnosed as suffering from a depressive neurosis and stress. ''He loved
teaching and the kids and they took that away from him.''

Lynwood T. Harriman, the Fairhaven superintendent, would not comment ''because
of possible litigation.''

Another area that is expected to lead to litigation is insurance. Nancy Langer,
a spokesman for the Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund, a homosexual rights
organization based in New York, said: ''It's clear from complaints that come in
to our office from around the country that insurance underwriters are
considering such things as sexual orientation, geographic location, whether an
applicant is male, single, over the age of 28 or 29 and living in any of the gay
meccas. They take a second look at that kind of an applicant.''

She said the organization hoped to file a test case soon.

Three cities specifically prohibit AIDS-related discrimination: Los Angeles,
West Hollywood and San Francisco.

''The ordinance is the city's statement to people with AIDS that their rights
won't be stripped away,'' said Joel Wachs, the Los Angeles City Councilman who
sponsored the measure.

Elsewhere people with AIDS rely upon general state or city laws that protect
people with physical disabilities from unfair treatment in employment, public
accommodation, housing, education and the like.

Some human rights officials say they believe that general laws are better than
those that specifically apply to situations involving AIDS. Stephen Levinson,
the human rights administrator in Alexandria, Va., said, ''If you start breaking
down handicaps, I think you diminish those that you don't name, and you may give
improper impressions about those that you do name, that they are special and
distinct.''

Generally, it is being assumed that disability laws, in effect in every state
except Delaware, cover AIDS cases. But there are few legal precedents. That is
why the ruling by the Florida Human Relations Commission in Mr. Shuttleworth's
case, that the statute applies to AIDS as to any physical disability, is being
closely followed.

Many cases, according to human rights officials, are being settled out of court,
once employers, landlords and others are told about the law's protections.
According to Charles J. Eisnaugle, the AIDS Discrimination Project Coordinator
for the New York State Division of Human Rights, ''There's an unsually high
settlement rate, with the most common being a cash buyout.''

In employment cases, a settlement typically results in the person with AIDS
relinquishing his job, but receiving cash and future references while retaining
medical benefits.

When Time Runs Out

While some situations lead to legal action, more often than not, according to
experts on the subject, the perceived wrongs go unredressed. The main factor,
according to many legal experts, is time. The average life expectancy of a
person with AIDS is 1.8 years, they point out, while the typical legal action
takes much longer.

John Chadbourn filed a complaint with the California Department of Fair
Employment and Housing in March 1984, charging that he had been dismissed from
his job as a computer analyst with the Raytheon Corporation because he had AIDS.
Mr. Chadbourn died soon after filing the complaint. An administrative law judge
has yet to rule. His decision would then be forwarded to the Commission on Fair
Employment and Housing, which would rule. Then either side could appeal the
commission's decision to the California Supreme Court.

''We're talking about months,'' said Mark Guerra, director of the department.

For a time Mr. Shuttleworth, in Florida, thought time would run out for him and
that his case would be good only for posterity. But because he is still feeling
healthy nearly two years after his diagnosis, he is thinking about his own
future.

''I don't necessarily expect society to do everything in the world they can for
me,'' he said recently, ''but at least I want them to leave me alone.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Paul F. Cronan in the kitchen of his home in Dorchester,
Mass.; Photo of Mark Carter and his wife, Deborah, at home in Fairhaven, Mass.
(NYT/Joe Wrinn)

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             946 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  Copyright (c) 1993 University of Pensylvania
                     Journal of International Business Law

                                   FALL, 1993

                         14 U. Pa. J. Int'l Bus. L. 437

LENGTH: 11645 words

COMMENT: TIED AID CREDITS AND THE NEW OECD AGREEMENT

NAME: KATHERINE P. ROSEFSKY *

BIO:



   * J.D. Candidate, 1994, University of Pennsylvania Law School; B.A., 1989,
Princeton University.  I wish to thank Robert Lee, Bernard Lubrin, Eric Liu,
Peggy Houlihan, Ernest Preeg, Edith Boehler, and Frank Record.  They were all
invaluable resources whose support was integral to this Comment.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  Sometimes the use of tied aid is "intended to supplement the working of
the market . . . [by enabling] trade to take place when and where it does not
attract commercial financing. . . ." More often, aid-tying is intended to
benefit national exporters.  For example, by tying its aid, the donor nation may
help a domestic exporter win a contract from a developing nation that would
otherwise go to a foreign competitor. ...  Members of both Congress and the
business community have strongly urged the U.S. government to utilize tied aid
credit practices and to increase general support for capital projects financing.
...  The 1983 agreement also required "greater discipline and transparency in
the use of tied-aid credit" and eliminated most conventional export credit
subsidies. ... Contrary to the Administration's preference for negotiation,
Congress repeatedly argued that other nations would respond only if the United
States extended tied aid credits aggressively enough to defeat foreign
competition. ... The Arrangement also institutes a comprehensive reporting and
consultations process in order to enforce the rules and to increase the
transparency of tied aid credit offers. ... NAM has expressed serious concern
over the Arrangement's grandfathering clause -- noting that it exempts about $
10 billion in tied aid -- and suggested better coordination of the tied aid
credit programs by Eximbank. ... This Comment has described the implications of
tied aid credit practices for U.S export policy. ...

TEXT:
 [*437]  1.  INTRODUCTION

   Wealthy governments frequently "tie" their foreign aid by linking official
support for developing nations to the procurement of goods and services from the
donor nation.  n1 Sometimes the use of tied aid is "intended to supplement the
working of the market . . . [by enabling] trade to take place when and where it
does not attract commercial financing. . . ."  n2 More often, aid-tying is
intended to benefit national exporters.  For example,  [*438]  by tying its aid,
the donor nation may help a domestic exporter win a contract from a developing
nation that would otherwise go to a foreign competitor.  n3 Such practices,
however, interfere with the normal functioning of the market.  n4

   Often, major industrialized nations attempt to design foreign aid packages to
benefit the recipient nations while stimulating their own economies, a practice
which causes market imperfections.  The United States, however, has
traditionally focused most of its foreign assistance on helping developing
nations meet basic human needs.  As a result, U.S. businesses have lost global
market share not because their goods are of lower quality or are overpriced, but
because foreign businesses benefit from their governments' export promotion
policies.  n5 As a practical matter, commercially-motivated tied aid practices
by other industrialized nations shut U.S. exporters out of a $ 10 to $ 12
billion market in capital goods transactions, leading to an annual loss in U.S.
exports of $ 2.4 to $ 4.8 billion.  n6

    [*439]  Members of both Congress and the business community have strongly
urged the U.S. government to utilize tied aid credit practices and to increase
general support for capital projects financing.  In both of these areas, the
United States has lagged far behind other industrialized nations.  n7 Such a
policy would enable U.S. exporters to regain lost global market share, which in
turn would strengthen the U.S. domestic economy by creating more jobs in the
United States.  n8 Moreover, as economic strength supersedes military strength
as a key indicator of a nation's international status, this policy would ensure
that the United States maintains its leadership role in international affairs.

   This Comment examines the practice of aid-tying, the history of U.S. tied aid
policy, the current international agreement covering tied aid credit practices,
and congressional and domestic business dissatisfaction with current U.S.
policy.  Section 2 of this Comment describes the aid-tying process and explores
the problems created by the use of tied aid credits and mixed credits.  n9
Section 3 reviews the history of the U.S. government's efforts to reduce the use
of tied aid credits through negotiations within the Organization for Economic
Cooperation and Development  [*440]  ("OECD").  n10 Section 3 also includes with
an explanation of the Helsinki Package, which is the most recent OECD agreement
covering tied aid credits, and the general Bush and Clinton Administration
reactions to the Helsinki Package.  Section 4 surveys Congressional responses,
particularly legislative initiatives, to the problems created by tied aid and to
the possibility of expanded U.S. participation in the international capital
projects market.  Section 5 examines the positions of the U.S. business
community on tied aid credits and on the Helsinki Package.  This Comment then
concludes that the U.S. government should bring its foreign aid policy more in
line with the aid policies of other industrialized nations either through the
aggressive use of tied aid credits or through increased funding for capital
projects which result in substantial domestic economic benefit.

   2.  TIED AID CREDITS AND MIXED CREDITS PRACTICES

2.1.  Defining Tied Aid, Tied Aid Credits, And Mixed Credits

   "Tied aid credits" and "mixed credits" are elusive terms that are often used
interchangeably.  Both are forms of "tied aid,"  n11 a broad term that
encompasses the provision of foreign assistance to a developing country on
concessional terms tied to the procurement of goods or services from the donor
country.  Tied aid financing may be provided on a grant basis or as a "mixed
credit." Mixed credits produce below-market interest rates by combining
government grants, concessional government loans,  [*441]  and commercial loans.
n12 "Tied aid credits" are mixed credits that are linked to the procurement of
goods or services from the donor country.  n13

2.2.  Commercially-Motivated Tied Aid

   Unlike the United States, many industrialized nations use mixed credits and
tied aid credits to promote capital goods exports.  n14 Through these credits,
which often appear in the form of export subsidies, governments provide official
assistance to their exporters, giving the exporters considerable advantage over
foreign competitors.  In effect, donor nations use their foreign assistance
programs to influence procurement decisions by developing nations in favor of
the donor's exporters.  n15 As a  [*442]  result, U.S. exporters lose between $
2.4 and $ 4.8 billion annually.  n16

   The use of tied aid credits has created "spoiled markets." These markets
include many Asian countries such as Indonesia, India, Thailand, China, and the
Philippines.  n17 The governments of these countries expect to receive offers of
tied aid credits, and they play one donor country off of another in order to
receive the most lenient credit terms.  n18

   Mixed credit practices have also spoiled certain sectors of the recipient
nations' economies, particularly capital infrastructure industries such as
telecommunications, power, transportation, and construction equipment.  n19 Like
spoiled markets, spoiled sectors predominantly receive trade-distorting tied aid
offers instead of conventional commercial financing.  n20

2.2.1.  U.S. Tied Aid Policy

   For the past twenty years, the United States has condemned the use of tied
aid for commercial purposes.  n21 Such aid distorts both market forces  n22 and
development assistance activities.  n23 It gives domestic exporters an unfair
advantage and draws limited development assistance funds away from humanitarian
efforts and towards capital projects.  n24

    [*443]  The U.S. government draws a sharper line between export credits and
development assistance than most industrialized nations.  The Agency for
International Development ("AID")  n25 reserves most development assistance
funds to help under-developed countries meet basic human needs.  n26 This
strategy has been part of AID's mandate since 1973.  Commercial projects should
be financed on commercial credit terms, which fall under the purview of the
Export-Import Bank ("Eximbank").  n27

    [*444]  2.2.2.  The Position Of Other Major Industrialized Countries

   The aid policies of Japan, Canada, the United Kingdom, Italy, France, and
Germany, in contrast to U.S. policy, reflect an acknowledgement of the domestic
political appeal of tied aid.  n28 Thus, these countries resort to tied aid more
frequently than the United States.  Two rationales support this behavior: (1)
aid-tying builds political support from domestic businesses for higher foreign
aid budgets; and (2) "defensive or compensatory" aid-tying is necessary to
remain competitive with the exporters of nations that already tie their aid for
commercial reasons.  n29 The widespread use of tied aid credits reflects a
foreign assistance policy oriented towards capital projects,  n30 which yield
substantially higher domestic economic returns than the U.S. foreign aid
program.  n31

 [*445]  2.3.  The Pros And Cons Of U.S. Engagement In Tied Aid Credit Practices

   Some analysts argue that a more aggressive U.S. tied aid program is necessary
because other governments' use of aid tying causes significantly more damage to
the U.S. economy than originally thought.  The use of tied aid credits is much
more pervasive than the 1989 report by Eximbank suggested.  n32 U.S. exporters
are not only shut out of a $ 10 to $ 12 billion market in capital goods
transactions, but also consequently lose millions of dollars in follow-on sales
generated by the need for replacements, spare parts, and maintenance.  n33 Other
supporters of tied aid credits argue that in the post-Cold War era, economic
might, not military prowess, is necessary for the United States to maintain its
status as a leader in international affairs.  n34 The use of tied aid credits
for capital infrastructure projects will translate into higher U.S. exports,
resulting in more jobs at home and a stronger domestic economy.  n35 Many
members of both Congress and the business community argue that efforts to
negotiate a reduction in the practice have failed.  Only if the United States
uses tied aid credits more aggressively will other countries be willing to
change.  n36 Finally, since other countries have been reluctant to curb their
use of tied aid credits, the United States must engage in mixed credit financing
merely to remain competitive.  n37

   Opponents of tied aid credits and other export promotion subsidies argue that
no conclusive evidence exists that such practices in fact promote exports.  They
argue that such subsidies would only alter the composition of U.S. exports,
favoring  [*446]  subsidized goods  n38 while imposing significant costs on the
taxpayer  n39 and on unsubsidized industries.  The United States would merely be
adding to the negative effects of tied aid credits.  Mixed credit financing
distorts world trade, producing inefficient capital markets and inefficient use
of resources.

   Other government officials argue that foreign aid must be used for
humanitarian purposes, strategic and national security objectives, rather than
for self-interested commercial reasons.  n40 The former objectives enhance
American political influence abroad, while the latter arguably do not.  Budget
constraints would force a larger tied aid credit program to divert funds from
current foreign assistance programs.  This might enhance U.S. commercial
interests, but at the cost of diminished U.S. political influence abroad.  n41

   3.  THE HISTORY OF NEGOTIATIONS WITHIN THE OECD

   Instead of joining in the mixed credit practices of other countries, the
United States has attempted to negotiate a reduction in the use of tied aid
credits.  n42 Most of these negotiations have been conducted within the
framework of the OECD.  n43

3.1.  Negotiations In The 1970's And 1980's

   International negotiations over export credits began in the 1970's in
response to fears that the world oil crisis would provoke  [*447]  an export
credit war.  After the first oil price shock, various informal agreements within
the International Monetary Fund ("IMF"), OECD, and G-5 summit meetings were
reached among major industrialized nations to regulate export subsidies.  n44 In
1976, "the seven summit countries of the [OECD] reached a secret, non-binding .
. . 'Consensus,' or 'Gentlemen's Agreement,'" to limit excessive export credit
competition.  n45 In 1978, the members formalized and extended the Consensus in
the "Arrangement on Guidelines for Officially Supported Export Credits."  n46
This Arrangement stabilized international competition, but countries still
managed to circumvent it through the use of tied aid credits, which the
Arrangement and previous informal agreements had ignored.  n47

   In the early 1980's, the use of tied aid credits began to attract attention.
n48 A fundamental restructuring of the Arrangement in 1983  n49 banned tied aid
credits having grant components of less than 20%.  The 1983 agreement also
required "greater discipline and transparency in the use of tied-aid credit"
n50 and eliminated most conventional export credit subsidies.  n51 That same
year, Congress authorized AID and Eximbank to engage jointly in tied aid
financing in an effort to U.S. businesses secure  [*448]  contracts.  n52

   The Reagan Administration preferred to deal with the problem of tied aid
credits through negotiations, instead of engaging in the practice itself.  n53
Throughout the 1980's, both the Reagan and Bush Administrations worked within
the OECD framework to raise the cost of mixed credit practices by increasing the
required grant element.  By raising the cost to the donor nation, the United
States hoped to decrease the use of commercially-motivated tied aid.  n54

   Contrary to the Administration's preference for negotiation, Congress
repeatedly argued that other nations would respond only if the United States
extended tied aid credits aggressively enough to defeat foreign competition.
n55 Under pressure from Congress, the Reagan Administration announced in 1985
its intention to establish a $ 300 million Tied Aid Credit Fund, also known as
the "War Chest," within Eximbank.  n56 The War Chest was intended to provide
leverage for the U.S. delegation to the OECD negotiations on tied aid credit
practices.  n57 Eximbank used the War Chest offensively against countries whose
practices obstructed the negotiations process.  n58

    [*449]  In 1987, the Participants modified the Arrangement by raising the
minimum grant component of mixed credits from 25% to 35%.  The minimum
concessionality level for the least developed countries was raised to 50%.  n59
After the conclusion of this new agreement, the Administration restricted the
use of the War Chest to the policing of the Arrangement, instead of using it as
a negotiating lever.  n60

   Contrary to U.S. expectations, the 1987 Arrangement did not deter mixed
credit practices.  Consequently, in 1989, Congress directed Eximbank to use the
War Chest aggressively both to police the agreement and to facilitate
negotiations to restrict tied aid practices further.  n61 The reauthorization of
the War Chest in 1989, combined with congressional pressure, helped prompt the
Administration to begin a new round of OECD negotiations.

   In September 1989, the Bush Administration announced a policy change: it
would vigorously pursue negotiations aimed at reducing tied aid credit
practices.  n62 The Administration shifted the use of the War Chest from
policing activities back to leveraging support for new negotiations.  n63 To
this end, it  [*450]  targeted War Chest funds primarily at spoiled sectors and
markets.  n64 In May 1990, AID and Eximbank created a joint $ 500 million pool
of funds for capital goods financing to target the spoiled markets of Indonesia,
the Philippines , Thailand, and Pakistan.  Also in 1990, the Administration
proposed to OECD members to keep Central and Eastern Europe "tied aid free."
n65

3.2.  The New OECD Arrangement: The Helsinki Package

   The pressure for negotiations finally culminated in an agreement that entered
into force on February 15, 1992.  n66 The latest Arrangement is commonly known
as the Helsinki Package.

3.2.1.  General Terms Of The New Agreement

   Effective February 15, 1992:

   1.  Tied aid credits to higher income countries (countries whose 1990 per
capital income exceeded $ 2,465) are barred.

   2.  Tied aid credits to lower income countries ("LLDC's") extended for both
public and private projects must have a minimum concessionality level of 50%.

   3.  Tied aid credits to middle income countries are  [*451]  prohibited
unless the project (a) is not financially viable or (b) would be financially
viable but cannot be financed on Arrangement or on market terms.  Such tied aid
credits must have a minimum concessionality level of 35%.  n67

   Instead of raising the concessionality level of tied aid credits,  n68 the
Helsinki Package focuses on the concept of financial viability.  A project is
financially viable if "with appropriate pricing determined on market principles
. . . [the project can] generate cash flow sufficient to cover the project's
operating costs and to service the capital employed."  n69 By concentrating
official development assistance on projects that are not financially viable, the
total flow of resources to developing countries -- including commercial credits,
officially supported export credits, and official development aid -- will
increase.  n70

   The Arrangement also institutes a comprehensive reporting and consultations
process in order to enforce the rules and to increase the transparency of tied
aid credit offers.  Upon the requisite notification of an intended tied aid
credit offer, any  [*452]  Participant may challenge the project and request
face-to-face consultations on possible trade motivations for the tied or
partially untied aid credits.  n71 If there is not "substantial support" among
the Participants for the use of tied aid credit in the project, the country
offering the credit will be asked not to proceed.  Over time, the consultations
process will develop a body of "case law" defining financial viability.  n72

   While the current rules do not apply to Central and Eastern Europe, the
Helsinki Package reaffirms the Participants' agreement, reached in June 1991,
"to try to avoid . . . credits other than outright grants, food aid and
humanitarian aid" in that region.  n73

   Additionally, several explicit exceptions to the new rules exist.  First, if
a country's offer of a tied aid credit does not receive "substantial support" in
face-to-face consultations, the country may nonetheless proceed with the offer
by notifying the Secretary General of the OECD that overriding non-trade related
national interest has forced the action.  n74

   Another major exception to the new guidelines are the transition rules.
These rules "grandfather" aid offers and credit lines committed prior to the
entry into force of the agreement on February 15, 1992.  n75 In general, credit
lines committed prior to February 15, 1992, are grandfathered for two years.
n76  [*453]  However, tied aid credit offers for individual projects under these
credit lines operate under the old rules only through August 15, 1992.  After
the six-month grace period, tied aid credits under grandfathered credit lines
may not be used to finance "commercially viable" individual projects.  n77 While
the United States would have preferred less grandfathering, it understood that
negotiations would have been impossible if the Arrangement did not recognize the
"pipeline problem": many aid agencies had already expended considerable funds on
projects that would not conform to the new rules.  n78

3.2.2.  Preliminary Results Of The New Agreement

   While there is a sense that the jury is still out on the effectiveness of the
Helsinki Package, Eximbank's April 1993 semi-annual report to Congress for the
first time presents data on the functioning of the new Arrangement.  n79 This
data suggests that a body of case law has been developing on the definition of
commercial viability.  Since the Arrangement has come into effect, there have
been 41 formal consultations.  n80 Of the 36 that have been completed, 13 tied
aid projects were deemed "not commercially viable" and consequently could
continue.  n81 Sixteen challenged tied aid projects were deemed "commercially
viable." In seven of these, the governments proceeded through the derogation
clause of the Arrangement by notifying the Secretary General that overriding
non-trade related national interests permitted them to offer the credit.  n82
Eximbank noted that "[t]he U.S. expected derogations to be concentrated in the
early stages of the implementation of the new rules . . . because the new tied
[*454]  aid credit rules represent a sharp break from the past."  n83 However,
"the U.S. is signalling its intention that the current pace of derogations
should not continue beyond the early implementation phase of the agreement."
n84 With regard to the tied aid free zone proposed for Central and Eastern
Europe,  n85 the report states that in 1992, there were no notifications of tied
aid for those countries.  n86

   The newly independent states of the former Soviet Union were initially
classified as higher income countries under the Arrangement and were thus
ineligible for tied aid.  World Bank data for 1991, however, suggests that all
but the five richest former Soviet republics would be eligible for tied aid.
Nonetheless, the Participants agreed in March 1993 to wait another year before
reclassifying these states.

3.2.3.  Bush Administration Reaction To The New Arrangement

   The Bush Administration welcomed the long-awaited Helsinki Package.  Eximbank
announced that "[the OECD] agreement is a major step forward in the long battle
against trade-distorting use of aid.  However, the jury is still out, and we
will need to very closely monitor it."  n87 The President of Eximbank pointed
out that U.S. companies would no longer have to bear an estimated annual loss of
$ 4 to $ 6 billion as a result of subsidized financing by other industrialized
countries.  n88 A senior Treasury Department official has stated:

   [The administration] believes this agreement will significantly reduce the
disadvantages faced by U.S. exporters who have had to compete against foreign
firms with access to concessional financing.  It will not eliminate
trade-distorting aid practices, but it is our hope that it will permit U.S.
business to compete more effectively by returning the emphasis of competition to
price, quality  [*455]  and service rather than financing subsidies.  n89

In response to the agreement, the Bush Administration shifted its War Chest
policy from one of encouraging negotiations to monitoring compliance with the
agreement.  n90 The Administration also announced its intention to work closely
with Eximbank, AID, other interested agencies, and the U.S. business community
to insure the aggressive implementation of the agreement.  n91 However, both the
business community and Congress expressed skepticism over the Helsinki Package.

3.2.4.  Initial Clinton Administration Tied Aid Policy

   The Clinton Administration has made no significant operational changes in the
U.S. tied aid credit policy developed by the Bush Administration.  n92 The tied
aid issue is currently under review in three discussion arenas: the Trade
Promotion Coordination Committee, the National Security Council-National
Economic Council-Presidential Review Directive 20 group, and  [*456]  a State
Department study group.  n93 The business community and Congress continue to
criticize current U.S. government policy and to suggest that participation in
the OECD Arrangement is not enough to combat the problem.  n94

   4.  CONGRESSIONAL INITIATIVES REGARDING THE TIED AID CREDIT PROBLEM

   During the 1980's, Congress was the main impetus behind the Bush
Administration's decision to confront the tied aid credit issue.  The
Administration reacted by vigorously pursuing negotiations within the OECD, but
many in Congress preferred a legislative solution.  A number of initiatives
attempted to shift U.S. foreign aid philosophy away from humanitarian concerns
and towards funding for capital infrastructure projects.  n95 One solution was
to grant government agencies greater authority to participate in mixed credit
activities, for tied aid credits are most commonly offered for capital
infrastructure projects and thus represent an important tool for gaining entry
to the market for capital projects.  The majority of initiatives emphasized the
funding of capital projects, either through tied or untied aid activity.
Senator David Boren expressed one of Congress' fundamental concerns: in the
post-Cold War era, "[m]ore and more leadership in the world is going to be
determined as much by economic strength, if not more, than by military strength
alone.  We must adjust to the change in conditions in the world."  n96
Furthermore, many on Capitol Hill felt that the Bush Administration's strategy
of" leading by example" was ideologically  [*457]  appealing, but unrealistic.
n97

4.1.  Legislative Initiatives During The 102d Congress

4.1.1.  The Aid For Trade Act Of 1991

   In the late 1980's and early 1990's, Senators David L. Boren, Lloyd Bentsen,
Robert C. Byrd, and Max Baucus were among the most ardent Capitol Hill
proponents of modifying the U.S. foreign aid philosophy to yield more domestic
economic benefit.  n98 Their 1991 "Aid For Trade Act," S. 571, would have
required Eximbank and AID to utilize more resources to help U.S. exporters gain
market access to capital infrastructure projects.  n99 Senator Boren introduced
the Aid For Trade Act, explaining that "[w]e must leverage our foreign policy
assets in order to enhance our economic power."  n100 Recognizing that other
major industrialized nations openly use their foreign aid for domestic economic
benefit,  n101 the bill would have allocated more foreign assistance  [*458]
funds to capital projects, which reap greater economic return than AID's
traditional humanitarian projects.  n102 Ultimately, the bill died.

4.1.2.  Boren Amendment To The Foreign Assistance Authorization

   The Senate overwhelmingly adopted an amendment based on the Aid For Trade Act
in the 1991 foreign assistance authorization legislation.  n103 While the
amendment passed by a vote of 99-0, the foreign assistance legislation never
became law.  However, the debate on the amendment is informative of
Congressional opinion.  As in the introductory remarks about the Aid For Trade
Act, the debate reflected Congress' concern that the United States is failing to
adapt to a changing world, where economic power may mean more than military
strength.  n104 Once again, the initiative echoed the concern that the United
States does not reap nearly enough domestic economic benefit from its foreign
assistance.  Senator Boren emphasized that "[n]inety-plus percent of our aid
virtually goes without strings attached.  Only 8% of the foreign aid of the
United States . . . this past year, went out with strings attached in the form
of  [*459]  spending on capital projects that would require the purchase of
American goods with the funds."  n105 In contrast, Japan spent 61% of its
foreign aid on capital projects; Germany, 46%; and Italy, 62%.  n106 The Boren
amendment would have created an AID Capital Projects Office with increased
funding for capital projects.  n107 Directing both tied and untied aid credits
to capital projects would bring greater economic return and would enable the
United States to enter the capital projects market.  n108

4.1.3.  OPIC Reauthorization

   While the foreign aid legislation ultimately stalled, the Boren amendment
made its way into the reauthorization of the Overseas Private Investment
Corporation ("OPIC"), which was signed into law.  This new legislation, known as
the "Jobs Through Exports Act," formally establishes the Office of Capital
Projects within AID "to promote U.S. capital projects while at the same time
promoting international development."  n109 It also directs AID  [*460]  to
coordinate with the Trade Promotion Coordinating Committee to support capital
projects and to use funds available to AID for tied aid purposes.  n110
Furthermore, it urges the President to use $ 650 million in FY92 and $ 700
million in FY93 for developmentally-sound capital projects.  n111

4.1.4.  Export-Import Bank Reauthorization

   The Export Enhancement Act of 1992 confronts the issue of tied aid credits
directly by funding the War Chest.  In this recharter of Eximbank, Congress
finds that "exports are a crucial force driving the United States economy . . .
[and] exports also support the global strategic position of the United States."
n112 The legislation authorizes $ 500 million annually for the War Chest for
each of fiscal years 1993-95.  n113 It also enables Eximbank to use the War
Chest offensively, in contrast to the Bush Administration's decision to use it
only to police the new Arrangement.  n114 The bill makes clear that Eximbank has
the authority to use the War Chest not only to match tied aid credits offered by
foreign governments in violation of the OECD Arrangement, but also: (1) when it
is in the economic interests to match a tied aid offer, particularly when that
offer is part of a grandfathered credit; and (2) when a foreign government is
engaged in "predatory financing practices" that circumvent the Arrangement
without formally violating it.  n115 The legislation also establishes a Trade
Promotion Coordinating  [*461]  Committee to coordinate export promotion and
financing activities of the United States.  n116

4.1.5.  Freedom Support Act

   On the level of general U.S. export promotion, the Freedom Support Act of
1992, a legislative assistance package for the former Soviet Union, helps U.S.
businesses enter the individual markets in the Commonwealth of Independent
States ("CIS").  Senator Lieberman offered an amendment to the legislation
establishing a presidential Business Advisory Council to coordinate activities
of government agencies with American business expertise.  The Lieberman
proposal, which was enacted into law as part of the legislation, encourages the
President to fund capital projects in these states.  n117 The legislation also
directs the President's attention to any country that violates the OECD
agreement with respect to any of the independent states of the former Soviet
Union.  n118

4.2.  Legislative Initiatives In The 103d Congress

   During the 103d Congress, legislative initiatives focused on capital projects
funding, not on the use of tied aid credits.  n119

    [*462]  4.2.1.  The Aid For Trade Act Of 1993

   Senator David Boren reintroduced the Aid For Trade Act, S. 722, in April
1993, along with Senators Baucus, Byrd, Lieberman, and Roth as original
co-sponsors.  This bill takes a different approach than the previous Aid For
Trade legislation.  Bypassing AID, the proposed bill would authorize $ 435
million for the Trade and Development Agency ("TDA") to finance capital
projects.  n120 The findings section echoes the sentiments expressed during the
previous Congress that the "United States must leverage its foreign assistance
program, in a humane and balanced way, to enhance American economic
competitiveness."  n121 The findings also note that "notwithstanding . . . [the
recent OECD agreement] to restrict the practice of tied aid, America's economic
competitors are skillfully using their foreign assistance programs to expand
markets for their goods."  n122 To date, there has been no action on the bill.

4.2.2.  Foreign Assistance Authorization Act Of 1993

   The House of Representatives version of the foreign aid bill, which passed in
June 1993, would establish a capital projects pilot program within the TDA.
n123 The legislation authorizes $ 300 million for developmentally sound capital
projects in developing countries and in countries making the transition from a
nonmarket to a market economy.  The House Committee on Foreign Affairs noted
that it "is establishing this program because it is dissatisfied with the way
AID has managed capital projects."  n124

   The foreign assistance bill would require the President to  [*463]  transfer,
with certain qualifications, the $ 300 million from economic support funds,
funds relating to assistance for the independent states of the former Soviet
Union, and funds available under the Support for East European Democracy Act of
1989 to the capital projects pilot program.  n125 However, the Senate has not
moved forward with its foreign assistance authorization.  More importantly, the
foreign assistance appropriation for FY94 passed by the House does not mention
the $ 300 million fund.  n126 Even if the program remains unfunded in FY94, at
the very least, the initiative suggests that many in Congress support funding
capital projects as an integral part of the foreign assistance program.

   5.  RESPONSE OF THE U.S. BUSINESS COMMUNITY

   In general, U.S. businesses have favored more aggressive solutions to the
tied aid credit problem than the Bush and Clinton Administrations.  Two groups
have frequently testified before Congress to represent the interests of the
American business community: the Coalition for Employment through Exports
("CEE")  n127 and the National Association of Manufacturers ("NAM").  n128

   Both CEE and NAM criticized the Bush Administration's sector-by-sector
approach to OECD negotiations, claiming that it would lead to a piecemeal
solution to the tied aid credit problem.  n129 During the 102d Congress, the
business community  [*464]  supported the following: giving Eximbank the
authority to use tied aid credits to match offers grandfathered under the
Helsinki Package, the statutory establishment of AID's Office of Capital
Projects, and the Freedom Support Act.  n130 In general, Congress' aggressive
posture has reflected the attitudes of U.S. exporters as expressed by CEE and
NAM.

   Expressing frustration over the damage tied aid credits have wreaked on U.S.
exporters, CEE has advocated increasing War Chest funding for offensive use,
rather than relying solely on negotiations within the OECD to solve the problem.
In 1991, CEE also supported the establishment of a $ 1 billion capital projects
fund at AID.  n131 More recently, CEE has advocated establishing a capital
projects program at TDA as authorized in the House foreign assistance bill.  CEE
chose this approach because TDA "already has a dual mandate of supporting
development and promoting American exports," whereas AID has always been focused
on development assistance programs that provide for basic human needs.  n132

5.2.  Business Community Criticism Of The Helsinki Package

   While U.S. exporters are giving the Clinton Administration a grace period for
the Helsinki Package to take effect, they nonetheless remain skeptical of the
agreement's ability to solve the tied aid credit problem and to improve the
relative international position of U.S. exports.

   At a House hearing shortly after the Helsinki Package entered into force, CEE
expressed several concerns:  n133 (1) the agreement  [*465]  is non-binding and,
therefore, unenforceable;  n134 (2) a loophole overlooks many foreign aid
offers, particularly Japanese offers, that have the effect of tied aid credits
but are not technically "tied" as defined by the agreement; (3) using the War
Chest to police the agreement will not be enough -- it should be used
selectively to meet foreign financing offers that are exempt under the
Arrangement; and (4) AID should have more resources for capital projects that
are allowed under the agreement.  As mentioned above, CEE has recently supported
a capital projects fund at TDA instead of AID.

   NAM has expressed serious concern over the Arrangement's grandfathering
clause -- noting that it exempts about $ 10 billion in tied aid  n135 -- and
suggested better coordination of the tied aid credit programs by Eximbank.  n136
NAM also recommended increased funding for the War Chest and for feasibility
studies through the Trade and Development Program.  n137

   Westinghouse Electric Corporation and AT&T share NAM and CEE's concerns
regarding the Helsinki Package.  Westinghouse expressed concern that enforcement
of the agreement would depend "on the good faith and cooperation of the
participant governments"  n138 and that the "national interest" exception in the
Arrangement could be abused.  n139 Recommendations include: (1) maintaining an
active War Chest, instead of shifting back to a defensive policy of policing;
n140 (2) maintaining an active dialogue with the U.S. exporting community so
that as "financial  [*466]  viability" is defined, the United States does not
compromise too much in response to pressure from other governments; (3)
increasing coordination of Eximbank, AID, and TDA to help meet the problem of
untied aid that damages U.S. exports; and (4) continuing congressional oversight
of the problem, including close communication with the Administration and the
business community.  n141

   AT&T criticized the agreement for not covering a number of tied aid
practices.  The company specifically noted that the agreement "doesn't control
OECD practices, [and] isn't clear about whether it captures all bilateral
funding stakes in restricted countries."  n142 AT&T recommended expanding the
use of the War Chest to combat these tied aid practices.  n143

   In short, U.S. companies recognize that the Helsinki Package has major
loopholes.  Moreover, whether the Clinton Administration will enforce it
rigorously is uncertain.  Strict enforcement of the Helsinki Package alone,
however, will not suffice.  The government must look beyond the OECD
Arrangement.  In order to respond to the needs of the business community, and
ultimately the domestic economy,  n144 the foreign aid program must encompass
not only AID's humanitarian mandate, but also capital projects support, similar
to the U.S.'s major competitors.  n145

   6.  CONCLUSION

   This Comment has described the implications of tied aid credit practices for
U.S export policy.  When such practices are utilized by foreign governments,
they reduce the flow of aid resources  [*467]  and shut U.S. exporters out of
foreign markets.  In turn, U.S. industries and employment suffer.  The Helsinki
Package should help alleviate the problem.  However, the new agreement's
non-binding nature, grandfathering provisions, and loopholes which allow for de
facto tied aid reflect the need for more extensive international limitations on
these practices.

   The government must update the 1973 humanitarian mandate for foreign
assistance to include capital projects support.  Like the other major
industrialized countries, the United States should consider a foreign aid
program that helps developing nations while also benefitting the U.S. domestic
economy.  More aggressive use of tied aid credits is one solution; such credits
are an important tool for entry into the capital projects market.  However, the
Clinton Administration may prefer a solution which does not tend to distort
market function and which is less costly for the U.S. taxpayer.  Opponents of
tied aid credits also stress that the credits draw needed funds from development
assistance activities.  A compromise might include softening the sharp
distinction between foreign assistance and export promotion policy.  Congress
and the business community have suggested that better coordination among
Eximbank, AID, and TDA will help U.S. exporters capture projects in developing
countries and regain lost market share.

   The Clinton Administration has not formally adopted a new policy regarding
tied aid credits, although studies are underway.  At the very least, the current
Administration must look ahead to the economic changes that are sweeping through
Central Europe, Eastern Europe, and the independent states of the former Soviet
Union.  These areas are major potential markets for U.S. exporters.  Clinton
entered the presidency promising change.  Although the Helsinki Package
represents a fine beginning, U.S. foreign assistance policy requires attention
by the new Administration in order to assure that U.S. aid and trade policy is
both helpful to recipient nations and carefully formulated to assure U.S.
businesses broad access to foreign markets in the increasingly global economy.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Business & Corporate LawForeign BusinessesGeneral OverviewCriminal Law &
ProcedureCriminal OffensesProperty CrimesEmbezzlementPenaltiesInternational
Trade LawTrade AgreementsIntellectual Property Provisions

FOOTNOTES:




n1  INT'L TRADE ADMIN., U.S. DEP'T OF COMMERCE, INT'L FINANCING PROGRAMS AND
U.S. INT'L ECONOMIC COMPETITIVENESS 5 (1990) [hereinafter INT'L FINANCING].

   Technically, "Tied Aid is concessional financing linked to procurement of
goods and services in the donor country.  Tied Aid credits can either stand
alone or be mixed with commercial financing or standard official export credits.
The latter are called mixed credits." Reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank
1992: Hearing Before the Subcomm. on Int'l Finance and Monetary Policy of the
Senate Comm. on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, 102d Cong., 2d Sess. 53
(1992) [hereinafter Senate Banking Hearing] (statement of William E. Barreda,
Deputy Asst. Secretary for Trade and Investment Policy, U.S. Dep't of the
Treasury).

   The most recent example of a U.S. tied aid credit offer involved a $ 13
million sale of an air traffic control system to Tunisia.  In response to stiff
competition from France, the Export-Import Bank of the United States
("Eximbank") approved tied aid support that enabled Westinghouse Electric
Corporation to win the Tunisian contract.  The resulting Eximbank mixed credit
package consisted of a 40% grant element ($ 5 million) and a 60% direct loan ($
7.9 million).  See EXPORT-IMPORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES, REPORT TO THE
CONGRESS UNDER SECTION 15(G) OF THE EXPORT-IMPORT BANK ACT OF 1945, AS AMENDED
(Section 19 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1986, Pub. L. No. 99-472) 7 (June
18, 1992); Exim Approves Mixed Credit for Sale of U.S. Goods, Services To
Tunisia, 9 Int'l Trade Rep. (BNA) 1487, 1495 (Aug. 26, 1992); see also
EXPORT-IMPORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES, REPORT TO CONGRESS UNDER SECTION 15(G)
OF THE EXPORT-IMPORT BANK ACT OF 1945, AS AMENDED 12 (Apr. 26, 1993)
[hereinafter 1993 EXPORT-IMPORT BANK REPORT].




n2  John E. Ray, COMMERCIAL VIABILITY IN THE HELSINKI PACKAGE, SECRETARIAT OF
THE ORGANIZATION FOR ECONOMIC COOPERATION AND DEVELOPMENT 2 (Dec. 18, 1991).
For example, a developing nation may be unable to obtain project financing
either because the project is unattractive to commercial lenders or because a
market imperfection exists.  Id.




n3  Export-Import Bank Report to Congress On Tied Aid Credit Practices: Hearing
Before the Subcomm. on Int'l Economic Policy and Trade of the House Comm. on
Foreign Affairs, 101st Cong., 1st Sess. 1 (1989) [hereinafter 1989 Eximbank
Hearing] (statement of Rep. Sam Gejdenson, Chairman).  For example, in 1986, an
American company lost an $ 8 million contract to install a cellular
communications system in China to a Swedish company because the Swedish
government offered a substantial amount of grant assistance linked to its
company receiving the contract.  The $ 8 million initial contract had an
estimated $ 80 million of follow-on business through 1995, reflecting an even
greater loss for the U.S. company.  Id.




n4  See Ray, supra note 2, at 2.  Ray discusses the concept of "additionality,"
which suggests that government supported funds (i.e., non-commercial financing)
should be in addition to commercial financing.  "To minimize trade distortion,
non-commercial financing should increase flows of resources," not replace
commercial financing.  Id. (emphasis in original).  See also INT'L FINANCING,
supra note 1, at 35.




n5  See Andrew M. Moravcsik, Disciplining Trade Finance: The OECD Export Credit
Arrangement, 43 INT'L ORG. 173 (1989).




n6  ERNEST H. PREEG, CENTER FOR STRATEGIC AND INT'L STUDIES, THE TIED AID CREDIT
ISSUE: U.S. EXPORT COMPETITIVENESS IN DEVELOPING COUNTRIES 6 (1989) [hereinafter
PREEG CSIS STUDY].  This study of tied aid credits was undertaken after Eximbank
reported to Congress on the issue in 1989.  Ambassador Preeg criticized the
Eximbank report for its gross underestimation of the damage that other nations'
use of tied aid credits does to the U.S. economy.  Eximbank had reported that
U.S. exporters are shut out of a $ 4 to $ 6 billion market in capital goods,
resulting in an annual sales loss of $ 400 to $ 800 million.  1989 Eximbank
Hearing, supra note 3, at 14-15 (statement of William F. Ryan, Acting President
and Chairman, Export-Import Bank of the United States).  Preeg's figures have
generally been accepted in lieu of Eximbank's conclusions.

   Congress sharply criticized the 1989 Eximbank Report for its failure to make
recommendations.  Id. at 19.  The Bush Administration subsequently offered
suggestions in a letter to the Speaker of the House and the President of the
Senate.  Letter from Nicholas F. Brady, Secretary of the Treasury, and John D.
Macomber, President and Chairman of Eximbank, to Thomas S. Foley, Speaker of the
House of Representatives (Sept. 11, 1989), reprinted in PREEG CSIS STUDY, supra,
at Appendix B.




n7  Capital projects financing is particularly susceptible to tied aid credit
practices.  Moreover, capital projects financing is attractive to donor nation
governments because it enables them to expand exports, to penetrate markets, to
establish standards that induce follow-on exports, and to support domestic
industrial policy goals.  See INT'L FINANCING, supra note 1, at 36.  The 1989
Eximbank report estimated that the 83% of Organization for Economic Cooperation
and Development notifications of tied aid credit offers were in the five major
capital infrastructure sectors of computer equipment, earthmoving equipment,
electric power generating equipment, rail transportation equipment, and
telecommunications.  1989 Eximbank Hearing, supra note 3, at 10 (statement of
William F. Ryan).

   In 1988, the United States spent 14.3% of its bilateral aid on capital
projects.  By contrast, France spent 27.7%; Germany, 46%; Japan, 60.7%; the
United Kingdom, 41.8%; Canada, 30.2%; and Italy, 61.2%.  INT'L FINANCING, supra
note 1, at 38.




n8  See infra note 35.




n9  This Comment will use the terms "tied aid credits" and "mixed credits"
interchangeably.




n10  Twenty-four nations, including the United States and other G-7 countries,
are represented at the OECD, which was created after World War II to foster
post-war economic recovery.  Comprised of the world's wealthier countries, the
organization has more recently coordinated the economic policy of industrialized
nations vis-a-vis developing nations.  Telephone Interview with Robert Y. Lee,
Director, Office of Finance, Trade Development, and Int'l Trade Administration,
U.S. Dep't of Commerce (Feb. 2, 1993).




n11  Tied aid is defined by the Development Assistance Committee of the OECD as
"aid funds required to be spent on imports mainly from the donor country or a
few countries.  Untied aid is available for procurement from essentially any
source.  Partially untied aid is available to finance imports from donor and
substantially all developing countries." INT'L FINANCING, supra note 1, at 31.
In principle, when a donor's aid is untied, exporters from other industrialized
nations can access the aid funds.  When aid is fully or partially tied, rival
exporters' access is restricted.  Id.




n12  The grant element is the portion of the tied aid package which, in effect,
does not have to be repaid and carries no interest.  The grant element can
appear either as an outright disbursal of funds that on its face carries no
repayment requirements or as a significantly below-market rate loan.  The latter
type of "grant elements are determined by the present discounted value of future
repayments of an aid loan against a hypothetical loan at market rates, expressed
as a percentage (for instance, an aid loan with . . . 70% of grant aid and 30%
of market loan)." Dean C. Alexander, The Export-Import Bank of the United
States' Battle Against Subsidized Export Credits, 9 DICK. J. INT'L. L. 267, 273
(1991).

   A simple way to think about it follows: if Government A offers a package of
goods for sale for $ 10 million, consisting of $ 3 million in grant funds and $
7 million in commercial loans, and Government B offers a $ 10 million package of
similar goods financed solely by commercial loans, the donee will choose
Government A's package.  Since grant funds do not have to be repaid, the
recipient nation owes Government A $ 7 million (plus interest), whereas it would
owe Government B $ 10 million (plus interest).  See id. at 272.




n13  SENATE COMM. ON BANKING, HOUSING, AND URBAN AFFAIRS, REPORT TO ACCOMPANY S.
2864, EXPORT ENHANCEMENT ACT OF 1992, S. REP. NO. 320, 102d Cong., 2d Sess. 3-4
(1992) [hereinafter S. REP. NO. 320].




n14 " Concessional funds are sometimes provided in the form of a general line of
credit or a line which may be used for a group of projects.  The donor nation,
however, often requires that export credit funds and concessional funds be
blended together in a predetermined ratio, or that the mixed credit is offered
for one specific project." John A. Bohn, Jr., Eximbank's Role in International
Banking and Finance: Loans, Reschedulings, and Development, 20 INT'L LAW. 829,
834 (1986).

   The main providers of tied aid credits are the other G-7 nations: Japan,
Canada, France, Germany, the United Kingdom, and Italy.  See infra Section
2.2.2.




n15  See, e.g., supra note 3.  In 1991, a $ 600 million low-interest loan by the
Japanese government enabled a Japanese company to win an $ 850 million contract
to build an electric power generating station in India.  Steve Coll, Japan's
Hands-On Foreign Aid, WASH. POST, Jan. 13, 1991, at H1, reprinted in 137 CONG.
REC. S2811 (daily ed. Mar. 6, 1991).




n16  See supra note 6 and accompanying text.




n17  Spoiled markets are so heavily blanketed with tied aid credit offers that
exporters must have concessional financing support to enter these markets.
INT'L FINANCING, supra note 1, at 40.




n18  For example, while the current international agreement requires at least a
35% grant element, Indonesia is so flooded with tied aid credit offers that it
can command a 40% grant element.  1989 Eximbank Hearing, supra note 3, at 22-23.




n19  See EXPORT-IMPORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES, REPORT TO THE CONGRESS UNDER
SECTION 15(G) OF THE EXPORT-IMPORT BANK ACT OF 1945, AS AMENDED (Section 19 of
the Export-Import Bank Act of 1986, Pub. L. No. 99-472) 2 (Oct. 25, 1991)
[hereinafter 1991 EXPORT-IMPORT BANK REPORT].




n20  Id. at 7.




n21  S. REP. NO. 320, supra note 13, at 4.  However, the United States ties a
substantial amount of agricultural and military assistance to the procurement of
U.S. goods.  Id.




n22  Senate Banking Hearing, supra note 1, at 53 (statement of William F.
Barreda).




n23  S. REP. NO. 320, supra note 13, at 4.




n24  The Commerce Department explains that:

   Aid-tying is not an ideal practice.  In principle, aid that is untied is more
efficient because the recipient is allowed to import from the most suitable and
cost-effective suppliers.  Experience also suggests that tied aid can lead to
inefficient and wasteful procurement practices, sometimes with relatively low
development impact.  Biases can be created favoring aid-giving for those
economic sectors absorbing capital equipment and for relatively more
industrialized developing countries, to the detriment of others.
INT'L FINANCING, supra note 1, at 31.




n25  AID is the principle U.S. government agency implementing the U.S. foreign
development assistance program.




n26  See Bohn, supra note 14, at 834.  In 1973, Congress shifted AID's focus to
humanitarian aid, leaving large-scale capital infrastructure projects to
multilateral development banks.  Development assistance was directed to help
meet basic human needs through rural, small-scale projects involving
agricultural production, health, education, and nutrition.  Where commercial
interests were implicated, U.S. aid was designed to help develop compatible
industries in developing countries instead of using the countries as markets for
U.S. goods.  James K. Jackson, Tied Aid Credits, CRS ISSUE BRIEF, Oct. 21, 1991,
at 3-4.

   U.S. bilateral economic aid has three main components: project funding,
mostly for basic human needs; cash transfers; and food aid.  Ernest H. Preeg,
The Aid for Trade Debate, 16 WASH. Q. 99-100 (1993) [hereinafter Aid for Trade
Debate].  Preeg and others have also criticized the U.S. cash transfer program
because transfers usually cannot be tied to the procurement of U.S. goods.  Id.
at 100.




n27  See Bohn, supra note 14, at 834.  Bohn's article describes the three major
functions of Eximbank:

   (1) [T]o provide guarantees and export credit insurance so that exporters and
their bankers will provide credit to foreign buyers;

   (2) to neutralize financing as a factor by offering loans direct to foreign
buyers and loans to U.S. banks with interest rates and repayment terms which are
competitive with other countries' export credit agencies; and

   (3) to participate in negotiations with other countries which are designed to
reduce the level of subsidy in export credits.
Id. at 829 (citation omitted).  The author is the first Vice President and Vice
Chairman of the Export-Import Bank of the United States.




n28  See 1989 Eximbank Hearing, supra note 3, at 13 (statement of William F.
Ryan).  However, not all OECD nations share the same attitude about tied aid
credits.  Some countries, like Canada and the United Kingdom, consider the
practice a necessary evil that is expensive for their taxpayers.  Id. at 42.  On
the other hand, the Japanese government has been heavily criticized for its
business orientation.  Japan provides large amounts of pre-project funding for
feasibility studies.  "At the pre-project feasibility stage, Japanese
engineering and supplier companies are already engaged with the host country's
implementing agencies. . . ." Aid for Trade Debate, supra note 26, at 100.
These feasibility studies enable the Japanese companies to propose projects
specifically designed for their areas of expertise.  A relationship of trust
develops between the Japanese company and the developing nation's government,
and often the result is that the government selects the Japanese engineers.
Although the Japanese have gone further than other nations in untying the
procurement for many projects by making it subject to competitive bidding, this
untying is largely technical, since the engineering portion is tied de facto
through the feasibility studies.  Id. at 101; see also Coll, supra note 15, at
H1.




n29  INT'L FINANCING, supra note 1, at 31.




n30  For example, in 1988, the United States committed 14.3% of its bilateral
aid to economic infrastructure and production, in sharp contrast to the other
OECD nations during the same year.  Italy committed 61.2%; Japan, 60.7%;
Germany, 46%; the United Kingdom, 41.8%; Canada, 30.2%; and France, 27.7%.  Id.
at 38.




n31  The United States commits almost 75% of its foreign assistance to
humanitarian goals and budget support.  Id. at 37.  However, the advent of the
Helsinki Package, discussed infra at Section 3.2, appears to have coincided with
a heightened awareness within the United States of the importance of capital
projects assistance within a foreign aid program.




n32  See supra note 6.




n33  Servicing and spare parts purchases can amount, annually, to 10-15% of the
original project price.  NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF MANUFACTURERS, A KEY TO U.S.
EXPORT SUCCESS 4 (rev. ed. May 11, 1992) [hereinafter NAM REPORT].




n34  See infra Section 4.




n35  The Commerce Department estimates that each $ 1 billion of exports creates
19,100 jobs in the United States.  Hearing before the Subcomm. on Int'l Dev.,
Fin., Trade and Monetary Policy of the House Comm. on Banking, Finance, and
Urban Affairs, 102d Cong., 2d Sess. 153 (1992) [hereinafter House Banking
Hearing] (statement of Thomas J. Mullany, President, Rockwell Int'l Credit
Corp., on behalf of The Coalition for Employment through Exports).




n36  See infra Sections 4 and 5.




n37  See infra Section 4.




n38  1989 Eximbank Hearing, supra note 3, at 15 (statement of William F. Ryan).
Although Eximbank did not formally make recommendations in the 1989 report,
Ryan's testimony nonetheless suggests that the agency opposed the use of tied
aid credits at that time.




n39  Id. at 16.




n40  Aid For Trade Debate, supra note 26, at 104.




n41  For a synopsis of the arguments for and against tied aid as well as a
general discussion of export promotion and American foreign policy, see Curt
Tarnoff & Larry Nowels, The Aid for Trade Debate, 3 POLICY FOCUS (Overseas
Development Council, Washington, D.C.), at 2, 6-7 (1993) [hereinafter ODC
PAPER].  This article is part of a series published by the Overseas Development
Council, a non-profit organization, on major U.S.-Third World development
issues.




n42  Susan M. Frank, Making the Most of Foreign Aid, J. COMMERCE, reprinted in
137 CONG. REC. S10,861 (daily ed. July 25, 1991).




n43  For a thorough history of OECD export credit negotiations, see Moravcik,,
supra note 5, at 176-90; see also INT'L FINANCING, supra note 1, at 53-58.




n44  Moravcsik, supra note 5, at 180.




n45  Id. at 180-81; See INT'L FINANCING, supra note 1, at 54.




n46  Moravcsik, supra note 5, at 181.  The Arrangement's current 22 members are
known as the "Participants," an informal group affiliated with the OECD.  See
supra note 43; see also infra note 66.  The Participants meet regularly to
discuss and modify the Arrangement.  INT'L FINANCING, supra note 1, at 54.

   For a comparison of the agreements and Arrangements from 1969-1987, see
Moravcsik, supra note 5, at Table 1.




n47  France pioneered the practice of mixed credits in the 1970's, with the
Japanese and British following suit.  Moravcsik, supra note 5, at 181-82.
France was roundly criticized for flouting the Consensus through its use of tied
aid credits.  The High Cost of Export Credit, THE ECONOMIST, Feb. 14, 1981, at
92 (U.S. ed. at 78).




n48  INT'L FINANCING, supra note 1, at 54-55.




n49  For a more in-depth explanation of the 1983 Arrangement, see Export
Credits: The Consensus Agrees to Differ, THE ECONOMIST, Apr. 23, 1993, at 108
(U.S. ed. at 94).




n50  Moravcsik, supra note 5, at 186.




n51  Tied aid and mixed credits differ from conventional export subsidies
insofar as the former combine conventional export credits with concessional aid.
INT'L FINANCING, supra note 1, at 54.




n52  Id. at 57 (AID would provide the grant element, and Eximbank would provide
the export credit).




n53  But see Gentlemen, Please, THE ECONOMIST, Sept. 8, 1984, at 16 (U.S. ed. at
16) (describing Eximbank's threat to pull out of the Gentlemen's Agreement if
the guidelines were not followed more closely).  See also Aid and Trade: Mixing
It Up, THE ECONOMIST, Dec. 1, 1984, at 45 (U.S. ed. at 27) (observing that at
the then upcoming OECD negotiations, the United States would try to raise the
grant element for mixed credits from the 20% to 50% so that "the aid ought to be
such a big chunk of a mixed credit that exporting countries which want a plain
commercial deal in disguise ought not to bother with the device at all").




n54  Aid and Trade: Mixing It Up, supra note 53.




n55  See infra Section 4.




n56  Beggar Thy Creditor, THE ECONOMIST, Sept. 21, 1985, at 18 (U.S. ed. at 16).
See generally Eugene L. Stewart, Existing Remedies and the Trade Deficit: The
Promise of Reform Through Judicial Review, 18 N.Y.U. J. INT'L L. & POL. 1165,
1168 n.9 (1986) (discussing the origins of the U.S. trade deficit, the Reagan
Administration's failure to aid American business, and the Court of
International Trade's impact on U.S. trade policy).




n57  INT'L FINANCING, supra note 1, at 57.  See S. REP. NO. 320, supra note 13,
at 4 ("In the words of the statute, the War Chest was established 'For the
purpose of facilitating the negotiation of a comprehensive international
agreement restricting the use of tied aid and partially untied aid credits for
commercial purposes . . . .'").




n58  Moravcsik, supra note 5, at 187 (citation omitted); see INT'L FINANCING,
supra note 1, at 57 ("Eximbank also began to initiate its own concessional
financing offers, as distinct from the earlier purely defensive posture of
matching offers initiated by others.").




n59  For an overview of the effects of the 1987 Arrangement, see Export Credits:
Mixed Bag, THE ECONOMIST, Mar. 21, 1987, at 75 (U.S. ed. at 75).




n60  S. REP. NO. 320, supra note 13, at 4.  Consequently, Eximbank used $ 78
million of its $ 100 million War Chest appropriation in fiscal year 1987
("FY87"), and only $ 7.6 million of its $ 110 million FY88 appropriation.  In
FY89, Eximbank did not use the War Chest.  Id. at 4-5.




n61  Id. at 5.  The Administration did not, however, seek to establish a
separate tied aid credit program.  INT'L FINANCING, supra note 1, at 57.




n62  DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY, REPORT TO THE U.S. CONGRESS ON TIED AID CREDIT
PRACTICES: ADMINISTRATION RECOMMENDATIONS FOR A U.S. RESPONSE 1 (1989),
reprinted in PREEG CSIS STUDY, supra note 6, at Appendix B [hereinafter
TREASURY].  The September 1989 announcement came in response to Congressional
criticism that the mandated 1989 Eximbank report on tied aid credits lacked
policy recommendations.




n63  S. REP. NO. 320, supra note 13, at 5.  As a result of the shift in
Administration policy, use of the War Chest rose from zero in FY89 to $ 53.3
million in FY90 to $ 145 million in FY91.  Id. FY91 appropriations were $ 150
million.  1991 EXPORT-IMPORT BANK REPORT, supra note 19, at 7.  Thus, almost all
of the FY91 War Chest funds were expended.  Id.

   U.S. negotiators at the OECD focused their efforts on eliminating "the most
important tied aid trade distortions, which center on telecommunications,
transportation, and communications equipment, and eliminat[ing] tied aid in
countries that can clearly afford not to be subsidized." Eximbank Holds Meetings
with Kuwaitis on U.S. Support for Post-War Project, 8 Int'l Trade Rep. (BNA) 299
(Feb. 27, 1991).




n64  TREASURY, supra note 62, at 4.




n65  Senate Banking Hearing, supra note 1, at 58.  At the Houston Summit in July
1990, leaders of the major industrialized nations reaffirmed their commitment to
try to keep Central and Eastern Europe free of tied aid.  Secretary of State
James Baker noted the importance of keeping the region free of tied aid credits
in remarks before a session of the Council of Ministers' meeting of the
Conference on Security and Cooperation in Europe on June 19, 1991.  Economic
Transition in Central and Eastern Europe, 1991 U.S. Dep't of State Dispatch
(July 1, 1991).  The OECD Ministers agreed to "try to avoid Tied Aid credits
other than outright grants, food aid and humanitarian aid into Central and
Eastern Europe." Senate Banking Hearing, supra note 1, at 58 (statement of
William E. Barreda).




n66  The United States initiated parallel efforts within the Export Credit
Arrangement forum (sometimes referred to as the Export Credit Group, or "ECG")
and the Development Assistance Committee ("DAC"), both of which are formal
organs of the OECD.  Senate Banking Hearing, supra note 1, at 55 (statement of
William E. Barreda).  The Participants are an informal group whose members
sometimes meet formally as the ECG to discuss tied aid credits.  Telephone
interview with Robert Y. Lee, supra note 10.  See also supra note 46.




n67  Aid credits refer to tied or partially untied aid credits over SDR 2
million with concessionality of less than 80%, but do not refer to untied aid
credits.  OECD, ARRANGEMENTS ON GUIDELINES FOR OFFICIALLY SUPPORTED EXPORT
CREDITS 8, OCDE/GD(92)95, Paris, 1992 [hereinafter ARRANGEMENT].  The SDR is
"the IMF Special Drawing Right weighted average of the interest rates . . .
[based on] the U.S. dollar, Deutsche mark, Japanese yen, French franc and pound
Sterling." Id. at 25.  The new Arrangement makes tied aid credits for
commercially viable projects extremely costly by requiring an 80% grant element.




n68  Another suggestion considered by the Participants was limiting the use of
tied aid credits in spoiled markets and sectors.  Ray, supra note 2, at 8.




n69  ARRANGEMENT, supra note 67, at 9.  Government aid funds are truly
"additional," see supra note 4, if they are designed for worthwhile aid projects
that nonetheless lack the ability to "generate sufficient financial returns to
make them attractive enough to call forth commercial financing and do not
attract officially supported export credits." Ray, supra note 2, at 9.  This "is
an attempt to replicate the efficient financing patterns of market economies."
Senate Banking Hearing, supra note 1, at 55 (statement of William E. Barreda).

   In May 1991, the chairmen of both the Participants and the OECD's Development
Assistance Committee expressed the following view: "OECD Members' export credit
[and] tied aid policies should be complementary: those for export credits should
be based on open competition and the free play of market forces; those for tied
aid credits should provide needed external resources to countries, sectors, or
projects with little or no access to market financing; ensure best value for
money; minimize trade distortion; and contribute to developmentally effective
use of these resources." Ray, supra note 2, at 1.




n70  Ray, supra note 2, at 9.




n71  ARRANGEMENT, supra note 67, at 13.




n72  Hearing Before the Subcomm. on Int'l Economic Policy and Trade of the House
Comm. on Foreign Affairs, 102d Cong., 1st Sess. 11-12 (1991) [hereinafter House
Foreign Affairs Hearing] (statement of W.L. McCamey, Director, Office of Trade
Fin., Dep't of Treasury); see also ARRANGEMENT, supra note 67, at 9.

   The DAC decided on April 23, 1992 to adopt the stricter rules of the new
Arrangement.  Exim Approves Mixed Credit for Sale of U.S. Goods, Services To
Tunisia, 9 Int'l Trade Rep. (BNA) 860 (May 13, 1992).




n73  ARRANGEMENT, supra note 67, at 26 n.7.




n74  Id. at 13.  However, "[t]he Participants expect that such an occurrence
will be unusual and infrequent." Id. (emphasis omitted).




n75  The February 15, 1992 deadline prompted a surge of tied aid credit
notifications prior to February 15.  During the first six weeks of 1992, 286
transactions were notified.  1993 EXPORT-IMPORT BANK REPORT, supra note 1, at 6.
The Treasury Department explained that the "surge of such notifications . . .
essentially represents an acceleration of notifications that would have been
notified in any event." Senate Banking Hearing, supra note 1, at 56 (statement
of William E. Barreda).




n76  Credit lines to Mexico are grandfathered for one year, until December 31,
1992.  1993 EXPORT-IMPORT BANK REPORT, supra note 1, at 6.




n77  Through December 31, 1992, tied aid credits offered to Mexico are governed
by the old rules.  Id.




n78  Id.




n79  1993 EXPORT-IMPORT BANK REPORT, supra note 1.  This data is based on OECD
figures which "are not precise." Id. at 5 n.2.  In 1992, Congressmen Douglas
Bereuter and Sam Gejdenson directed the General Accounting Office to report on
what they expect to be the unreliability of the OECD data.  The Report should be
available by the end of 1993.




n80  Id. at 6.




n81  Id. at 7.




n82  Id. Only one of these derogations involved a project in which a U.S.
exporter wanted to compete.  Eximbank offered to match the foreign tied aid
offer, which involved a high-technology telecommunications project in Indonesia.
Id. at 8.




n83  1993 EXPORT-IMPORT BANK REPORT, supra note 1, at 8.




n84  Id.




n85  See supra note 73 and accompanying text.




n86  1993 EXPORT-IMPORT BANK REPORT, supra note 1, at 9, 17.




n87  U.S. to Use 'War Chest' to Police Compliance with OECD Tied Aid Pact, 9
Int'l Trade Rep. (BNA) 880 (Jan. 1, 1992).




n88  Stuart Auerbach, 24 Nations Agree To Curb Use of Export Subsidies, WASH.
POST, Nov. 6, 1991, at C2.




n89  House Foreign Affairs Hearing, supra note 72, at 14 (statement of W. L.
McCamey).




n90 " We expect to use the War Chest primarily to selectively match other
countries' offers in cases where tied aid should not be used -- particularly
where face-to-face consultations have not resulted in the withdrawal of a tied
aid offer considered inappropriate." Id. at 23 (statement of James R. Sharpe,
Executive Vice President, Eximbank).

   The United States had responded to the 1987 Arrangement with a similar policy
shift.  See supra Section 3.1.




n91  House Foreign Affairs Hearing, supra note 72, at 14 (statement of W. L.
McCamey).




n92  Telephone conversations with Robert Y. Lee, supra note 10; Clement K.
Miller, Special Assistant to the Senior Vice President for International
Lending, Export-Import Bank (July 22, 1993); Donna La Torre, Subcommittee Staff
Consultant, Subcommittee on Economic Policy, Trade, and the Environment of the
House Committee on Foreign Affairs (July 22, 1993); Peggy Houlihan, Executive
Director, Coalition for Employment through Exports ("CEE") (July 22, 1993);
Ernest H. Preeg, William M. Scholl Chair in International Business, Center for
Strategic and International Studies (July 21, 1993).  The Clinton Administration
appears to be focusing most of its attention on domestic affairs, rather than on
the foreign assistance program.  Nonetheless, the Administration has made a
series of statements suggesting that tied aid policy would change.  See Brody
Urges Reconsideration of U.S. Policy on Tied Aid, Int'l Trade Rep. (BNA) (June
9, 1993) ("Eximbank is doing all it can to have the U.S. government change its
position. . . .  Given that other countries are using tied aid, perhaps the
United States should rethink its policy.").  However, the Administration has
done little to indicate that change is indeed taking place.




n93  Telephone interview with Clement K. Miller, Eximbank, and Peggy Houlihan,
CEE (July 22, 1993).




n94  See GENERAL ACCOUNTING OFFICE, THE ROLE OF THE U.S. EXPORT-IMPORT BANK,
GAO/GGD-93-3952 (Dec. 23, 1992).




n95  But see the Tied Aid Credit Reduction Act of 1991, a proposal by Senator
Jake Garn that focuses specifically on combatting tied aid practices rather than
shifting U.S. foreign aid policy towards capital projects funding.  S. 1161,
102d Cong., 1st Sess. (1991), reprinted in 137 CONG. REC. S6691 (daily ed. May
24, 1991).  No action was taken on this bill.




n96  137 CONG. REC. S10,859 (daily ed. July 25, 1991)(statement of Senator David
L. Boren); see also ODC PAPER, supra note 41, at 2 ("As the political and
strategic imperatives [of the Cold War] that drove foreign policy and the
foreign aid program evaporate, many assert that a nation's economic strength
determines its status in the world hierarchy.").




n97  Frank, supra note 42, at S10,862 ("[T]he administration['s] strategy of
leading by example and hoping against hope for the best from OECD negotiations
may be ideologically satisfying to free traders but it will never get
results.").




n98  The four Senators sent a letter to President Bush in 1991 to express their
concern about the failure of the OECD to reach a new agreement on the issue of
tied aid credits.  The letter points out that tied aid credits unfairly shut
U.S. exporters out of foreign markets and deny the neediest countries access to
limited funding resources.  Letter from Senator Lloyd Bentsen, Senator David L.
Boren, Senator Robert C. Byrd, and Senator Max Baucus to President George Bush
(June 27, 1991), reprinted in 137 CONG. REC. S10,859-60 (daily ed. July 25,
1991).  For a thorough discussion of the Senators' views, see 137 CONG. REC.
S10,858-69.

   Senator Joseph I. Lieberman subsequently joined the efforts of these
Senators, who were often referred to as the "Four B's."




n99  The President of Eximbank remarked that the proposal played a role in the
success of the OECD negotiations because it aroused "fear that the Americans
might in frustration adopt a more commercial edge to their aid programs." John
D. Macomber, Aids To Trade, WASH. POST, Feb. 26, 1992, at A17.




n100  137 CONG. REC. S2808 (daily ed. Mar. 6, 1991)(statement of Sen. Boren).




n101 " The Congress finds that . . . other governments, which incorporate
national commercial considerations into their export policies, provide their
firms with a wide variety of export financing assistance, including . . . mixed
credit financing. . . .  [Moreover,] the United States provides far less in
capital project assistance than do the other major OECD countries." S. 571, 102d
Cong., 1st Sess. (1991), reprinted in 137 CONG. REC. S2808 (daily ed. Mar. 6,
1991).




n102  The bill mandates that over a period of five years, the minimum level of
bilateral economic assistance used for capital projects would increase from 10%
to 35%.  Id. at S2810-11 (summarizing the Boren-Bentsen-Byrd-Baucus Aid For
Trade Act Of 1991).

   Unlike AID's traditional projects, capital projects (such as transportation,
power, and telecommunications systems) benefit not only the recipient nation,
but also the donor nation since "the design, construction, and servicing . . .
are done by national exporting companies." 137 CONG. REC. S2810-11 (daily ed.
Mar. 6, 1991).

   The Aid for Trade Act also restricts waivers, which AID had been granting
rather liberally, of the requirement that all products purchased with U.S.
foreign aid must be bought in the United States.  Id. at S2811.

   Critics of the bill included the State Department, which said that "[i]t
would severely restrict the administration's ability to promote U.S. political
and security interests," and members of Congress who championed either the
national security or the basic human needs rationale for aiding foreign
countries.  Aid for Trade Debate, supra note 26, at 12.




n103  See Helen Dewar, Senate Approves 'Buy American' Provision for Aid
Recipients, WASH. POST, July 26, 1991, at A24; 137 CONG. REC. S10,869 (daily ed.
July 25, 1991)(vote of 99-0); see also "Aid For Trade" Foreign Aid Plan Passes
Senate, PRESS RELEASE (Office of U.S. Sen. David Boren), July 25, 1991.




n104  See supra Section 4.




n105  137 CONG. REC. S10,859 (daily ed. July 25, 1991).  However, Senator Paul
Sarbanes noted that the 8% figure is misleading and argued that 65-70% of the
total foreign assistance budget is spent in the United States.  Id. at S10,868.
On the other hand, Senator Boren appeared to be more concerned with the loss of
follow-ons, like requests for servicing and spare parts, which annually bring in
10-15% of the project's original price, NAM REPORT, supra note 33, and help
build a relationship of trust that makes future contracts more likely.  137
CONG. REC. at S10,866.




n106  137 CONG. REC. S10,860 (daily ed. July 25, 1991)(statement of Sen. Boren);
INT'L FINANCING, supra note 1, at 38.




n107  Funding for capital projects would increase from $ 573 million in FY91 to
$ 750 million in FY92 to $ 1 billion in FY93.  137 CONG. REC. S10,858 (daily ed.
July 25, 1991).  There had been concern that capital projects funding would drop
to $ 420 million in FY92.  Id. at S10,862 (statement of Sen. Boren).




n108  Concern was also voiced that other nations are assisting the Eastern
European countries with export credits, which involves sending their own goods
to the recipients, whereas the United States has predominantly offered cash
assistance, with relatively little tied to the purchases of U.S. goods.  See
Frank, supra note 42, at S10,861; see generally House Foreign Affairs Hearing,
supra note 72, at 57-71 (statement of Randolph C. Lumb, Vice President, Strategy
and Market Development, AT&T).




n109  H.R. REP. NO. 551, 102d Cong., 2d Sess. 32 (1992).

   However, the Capital Projects Fund received no separate funding by the
Appropriations Committee.  The House Committee on Appropriations noted concern
that the Administration had not requested a new Capital Projects Fund and that
such funding would require a reduction of assistance to "critical development
priorities such as health, education and child survival." H.R. REP. NO. 585,
102d Cong., 2d Sess. 67 (1992).  The Committee also prohibited increasing the
operating expenses of the Capital Projects Office.  Id. at 68.




n110  Jobs Through Exports Act of 1992, Pub. L. No. 102-549, § 302, 106 Stat.
3651 (1992). The Trade Promotion Coordinating Committee was established by the
Export Enhancement Act of 1992, Pub. L. No. 102-429, § 201, 106 Stat. 2186, 2199
(1992).




n111  The bill explicitly states that these funds may not be drawn from
development assistance accounts, which are AID's main source of humanitarian
funding.  Jobs Through Exports Act § 306.




n112  Export Enhancement Act of 1992 § 101.




n113  Id. § 103.  This three-year authorization was intentionally shorter than
the five year authorization provided for the Eximbank charter itself.  S. REP.
NO. 320, supra note 13, at 6.

   The foreign assistance appropriations made up to $ 200 million available for
FY93 for tied aid credits.  Foreign Operations, Export Financing Appropriations
Act of 1993, Pub. L. No. 102-391, Title IV, 106 Stat. 1633 (1992).




n114  See supra Section 3.2.3.




n115  S. REP. NO. 320, supra note 13, at 6-8.  For example, the Japanese
government has been roundly critcized for its technically "untied" aid practices
which effectively tie its aid.  See supra note 28.




n116  Export Enhancement Act of 1992 § 201.




n117  138 CONG. REC. S9591 (daily ed. July 2, 1992); Freedom Support Act, Pub.
L. No. 102-511, §§ 302-03, 106 Stat. 3320, 3333 (1992). Letters from the
National Foreign Trade Council, Inc., the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the National
Association of Manufacturers, and Business for U.S. Trade with CIS Republics
supporting the Lieberman amendment appear in 138 CONG. REC. S9593-97 (daily ed.
July 2, 1992).




n118  Freedom Support Act § 306 ("Should the Secretary of the Treasury determine
that foreign countries are engaged in tied aid practices with respect to any of
the independent states of the former Soviet Union that violate the 1991 Helsinki
agreement of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, the
President should give priority attention to combatting such practices.").

   Under the Helsinki Package, independent states of the former Soviet Union are
currently classified as higher income countries and are thus ineligible for tied
aid credits.




n119  The Administration's requests for tied aid dropped from $ 115 million for
FY92 to $ 100 million for FY93 to $ 50 million for FY94.  Eximbank to Request $
757 Million in FY 1994 for $ 16.5 Billion in Support, Int'l Trade Reporter (BNA)
(Apr. 7, 1993).  The Foreign Operations, Export Financing and Related Programs
Act of 1994, H.R. 2295, 103d Cong., 1st Sess., Title IV, as passed by the House,
appropriates $ 50 million for tied aid credits.




n120  S. 722, 103d Cong., 1st Sess. § 3 (1993).  The bill, if enacted, would
also progressively cut cash transfers from the Economic Support Fund.  Such a
provision would decrease AID's funding for humanitarian projects, a step that
many within the Administration and executive agencies are unwilling to take.




n121  Id. § 2(2).




n122  Id. § 2(3).




n123  H.R. 2404, 103d Cong., 1st Sess. § 1505 (1993).  During the 102d Congress,
the OPIC Reauthorization established an Office of Capital Projects at AID, but
the office never received funding by the Appropriations Committee.  See supra
note 111 and accompanying text.




n124  HOUSE COMM. ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, REPORT TO ACCOMPANY H.R. 2333,
INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS ACT OF 1993, H. REP. NO. 126, 103d Cong., 1st Sess. 126
(1993).




n125  H.R. 2404, § 1505.




n126  H.R. 2295, supra note 119.




n127  CEE is a broad-based non-profit organization representing U.S. exporters,
organized labor, state governors, and local officials.  Organized in 1981, CEE
serves as an advocate of the U.S. exporting community for the promotion of
exports abroad, which increases employment in the United States.  House Banking
Hearing, supra note 35, at 29 (testimony of Thomas J. Mullany).




n128  NAM is a trade association representing the interests of more than 12,000
member companies and subsidiaries.  Much larger and more broadly-focused than
CEE, NAM often works with CEE on the issue of export financing, which is CEE's
primary focus.




n129  See Eximbank Reports Progress in OECD Talks, But Industry Groups Fault
Tied Aid Strategy, Int'l Trade Rep. (BNA) 566, 567 (Apr. 17, 1991).  The
sector-by-sector approach was endorsed by the Bush Administration in its
September 1989 policy recommendations.  TREASURY, supra note 62, at 45.  The
approach involves targeting tied aid credit offers in sectors and markets where
U.S. exporters have specific commercial interests, especially in areas where
other nations use tied aid credits extensively.  See id.




n130  See supra Section 4.




n131  The Export-Import Bank: Hearing before the Subcomm. on Int'l Finance and
Monetary Policy of the Senate Comm. on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, 102d
Cong., 1st Sess. 74 (1991) (statement of James C. Cox, Treasurer, Int'l
Westinghouse Electric Corp., on behalf of the CEE).




n132  Hearing before the Subcomm. on Economic Policy, Trade & the Environment of
the House Comm. on Foreign Affairs, 103d Cong., 1st Sess., 14-15
(1993)(statement of John Hardy, Jr., Director, Corporate Development and
Finance, Brown & Root, Inc., on behalf of CEE)(May 4, 1993).  See also Letter
from the Trade and Development Coalition to Congressman Lee H. Hamilton (June
14, 1993) (expressing CEE and other trade organization's support for the
provision in the House foreign aid bill establishing a capital projects pilot
program administered by TDA).




n133  See House Banking Hearing, supra note 35, at 156-58; see also Bankers
Favor Eximbank Renewal; Worry About War Chest, Credit Reform, 9 Int'l Trade Rep.
874 (BNA) (May 20, 1992).




n134  The U.S. business community is particularly concerned that the government
will fail to police the agreement aggressively.  See generally House Foreign
Affairs Hearing, supra note 72.




n135  See NAM Promotes Eximbank Charter Renewal, Increased Funding for Overall
Program, 9 Int'l Trade Rep. (BNA) 436, 437 (Mar. 11, 1992).




n136  See NAM REPORT, supra note 33, at Policy Recommendation.




n137  These studies are one of the most effective ways for U.S. businesses to
gain an advantage in bidding for projects in developing countries.  See NAM
Promotes Eximbank Charter Renewal, supra note 135, at 437.  Feasibility studies
are thought to be one reason for Japan's success in the capital projects market.
See supra note 28.




n138  House Foreign Affairs Hearing, supra note 72, at 50 (prepared statement of
James C. Cox).  "The burden of success [depends] on a level of peer pressure."
Id. at 82 (statement of Bruce B. Talley, Director, Gov't Affairs, Asea Brown
Boveri, Inc.).




n139  See supra note 74 and accompanying text.




n140  House Foreign Affairs Hearing, supra note 72, at 52 (prepared statement of
James C. Cox); id. at 68 (statement of Randolph C. Lumb).




n141  Id. at 52-54 (prepared statement of James C. Cox).




n142  Id. at 65 (statement of Randolph C. Lumb).




n143  See id. at 68.




n144  The NAM report discusses the widespread domestic impact of major export
transactions.  The report includes data from AT&T, Boeing, Fluor Daniel, and
Arkel International on the significant ripple effect of export transactions on
suppliers all over the United States.  NAM REPORT, supra note 33.




n145  During the 102d Congress, one popular proposal was to create a "Third
Window" within AID to support capital projects.  The Third Window would support
U.S. exports for capital projects in developing countries, and its grants would
not be subject to AID's basic human needs mandate.  See INT'L FINANCING, supra
note 1, at 65.  However, general dissatisfaction with AID combined with
acknowledgement of AID's humanitarian mandate has led to initiatives that would
locate a capital projects fund at TDA.  See supra Section 4.2.


                             947 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright (c) 1989 Southern California Law Review
                       University of Southern California

                                September, 1989

                         Southern California Law Review

                            62 S. Cal. L. Rev. 1701

LENGTH: 15457 words

NOTE: AIDS: A CRISIS IN CONFIDENTIALITY.

NAME: Jeff Glenney *

BIO:



   * I would like to thank Prof. Michael H. Shapiro for his suggestions and
comments, my mother and father for their support and encouragement as well as my
fiancee, Amy, for her patience and understanding throughout law school.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... This Note suggests principles to mediate the conflict between a patient's
desire to protect the confidentiality of an AIDS diagnosis and the state's need
to publish or release the identities of HIV carriers in order to prevent the
further spread of AIDS. ... Although there have been several reported instances
in which casual contact has resulted in the transmission of HIV from one person
to another, the most probable means of transmission (other than sexual contact
or use of an infected IV needle) is contact between an AIDS patient and a health
care worker. ...  For example, if a doctor knows that a prostitute has AIDS and
cannot or does not disclose the prostitute's identity to appropriate
authorities, then public health is accorded less protection than informational
privacy interests. ...  Contact tracing refers to programs wherein state health
officials contact persons known to have shared needles or to have had sexual
contact with an AIDS virus carrier. ... Many state statutes protect
confidentiality at the expense of public health by failing to provide for
excused or justified disclosure of AIDS virus test results. ...  The state
department of health should also contact any persons who have had sexual contact
with the HIV carrier and advise them to have a test to determine if they are
infected with HIV and to refrain from unprotected sexual contact until they have
received these test results. ...

TEXT:
 [*1702]  INTRODUCTION

   This Note suggests principles to mediate the conflict between a patient's
desire to protect the confidentiality of an AIDS diagnosis and the state's need
to publish or release the identities of HIV  n1 carriers in order to prevent the
further spread of AIDS.  The magnitude of the AIDS crisis  n2 is so great that
states must take immediate action to prevent the epidemic from reaching far
greater proportions.  n3 Societies faced with an epidemic should focus their
efforts on finding a cure and preventing the spread of the disease.  n4 Because
there is little chance of finding a cure for AIDS in the near future,  n5
government should focus its immediate efforts on curtailing further transmission
of AIDS.  n6 AIDS primarily afflicts intravenous drug users and homosexual men.
Consequently, attempts to prevent the spread of AIDS by publishing names of HIV
carriers can lead to discrimination and raise important informational privacy
issues.  n7 If the names of HIV carriers are released, these individuals might
be viewed as intravenous drug users or homosexuals and could face ostracism and
overt discrimination.

   This Note not only underscores the need to protect the identities of AIDS
patients but also addresses the goals of protecting the uninfected and caring
for those infected with AIDS in a more humane manner.  n8  [*1703]  While
legislation in many states protects the confidentiality of HIV carriers, only a
few states have acted to prevent the spread of AIDS by allowing limited
disclosure of the identities of HIV carriers.  This Note argues for the limited
disclosure of the identities of HIV carriers to those groups who are
particularly at risk of contracting AIDS as a result of their contact with HIV
carriers.  For example, California recently enacted legislation that permits a
physician to disclose the identity of a HIV carrier to the spouse and people who
the physician reasonably believes share needles or have sexual relations with
the HIV carrier.  n9 This Note advocates the measure adopted by the California
legislature and urges other states to enact similar statutes.  Furthermore, this
Note argues that a significant degree of confidentiality can be protected
despite limited disclosure.  However, confidentiality concerns should not take
precedence over the state's interest in protecting the public's health and
safety.  n10

   Part I of this Note examines the medical and epidemiological aspects of the
AIDS crisis  n11 as well as important sociological factors surrounding the AIDS
epidemic.  n12 Part II discusses constitutional limits on the disclosure of HIV
carriers' names.  n13 An analysis of case law in the public health area shows
that the Court has generally accepted state  [*1704]  action, even if invasive,
so long as the state's purpose is to prevent serious risks to public health.
Part III analyzes the need for legislation allowing limited dissemination of the
identities of HIV carriers.  n14 Part IV discusses current legislation governing
the confidentiality of an AIDS diagnosis.

   This Note proposes that the identities of known HIV carriers be disseminated
to groups such as health care workers and morticians.  This disclosure will not
only provide valuable statistical information  n15 but also will help prevent
the further spread of the HIV virus.  Furthermore, this Note suggests that
states impose a duty on physicians to notify spouses of AIDS carriers.  States
should also require health officials to attempt to identify persons who risk
infection as a result of contact with AIDS carriers.  n16 Stringent penalties
are advised for any person who uses such information to discriminate, malign, or
harm an HIV carrier.  n17 States can better provide for the health and welfare
of their citizens by adopting these measures.

   I.  THE AIDS EPIDEMIC

   A.  THE EPIDEMIOLOGY OF AIDS

   The AIDS virus, HIV,  n18 has infected an estimated one to one and one-half
million people throughout the United States.  n19 By 1991, this figure is
expected to increase to over four million.  n20 As of February 1989, 86,656
people had died from AIDS.  n21 Of these 86,656 victims, 53,317 were either
homosexual or bisexual men.  n22 Intravenous drug  [*1705]  users accounted for
another 17,392 of these deaths.  n23 Figures provided by the Center for Disease
Control  n24 indicate that within seven years of infection with the HIV virus,
35% of those carrying the virus develop AIDS, while an additional 25% show signs
of health deterioration such as swollen lymph nodes, night sweats, and diarrhea
-- conditions not presently categorized as AIDS.  n25

   The economic costs of AIDS are equally staggering.  The California
legislature estimated that the medical cost of the 4,000 AIDS cases in
California exceeds 250 million dollars and that this cost will swell to three
and one-half billion dollars by the end of 1990.  n26

   Those who actually develop AIDS usually die within eighteen months of
diagnosis.  n27 The disease acts by killing white blood cells needed to fight
infection.  n28 Currently, there is no cure or vaccine for AIDS.  n29 Moreover,
scientists are unlikely to develop a cure for AIDS in the foreseeable future
because the medical community has a very limited understanding of retroviruses.
n30

   The AIDS virus is transmitted primarily by sexual contact, perinatal contact,
and exposure to infected blood.  n31 Some concentration of the AIDS virus is
found in every bodily fluid of those who are infected, including saliva, semen,
tears, and sweat.  However, only semen, vaginal  [*1706]  secretions, blood, and
breast milk are "implicated" in the transmission of AIDS  n32 because the
concentration of the AIDS virus in saliva, sweat, and tears is too low to make
transmission probable.  n33 Generally, for transmission to occur, a concentrated
amount of the virus must be transmitted from an infected person into the blood
stream of another.  If infected bodily fluid comes into contact with skin,
transmission is still unlikely because "[i]ntact skin . . . is an absolute
barrier to" the AIDS virus.  n34 For the AIDS virus to be transmitted, infected
fluid must come into contact with an opening in the skin.  By all accounts it is
improbable -- but not impossible -- for the AIDS virus to be transmitted through
purely casual contact.  n35

   In a study conducted in New York, thirty-nine persons with AIDS were examined
in order to determine the "contagiousness" of this new disease.  n36 All of
those with whom the study group had casual contact (not intercourse or exchange
of blood), including their families, were tested to determine whether they had
contracted the AIDS virus.  n37 These thirty-nine HIV carriers had contact with
101 persons, ranging from young children to adults.  The period of contact
averaged twenty-two months -- seven months after the onset of symptoms, and
fifteen months before the onset of the symptoms.  The contact included sharing
razors, toothbrushes, eating utensils, showers, and toilets.  n38 The results of
this study showed that only one person was infected.  This was a young child
whose contraction of the virus "almost certainly represent[ed] perinatal rather
than household contact transmission."  n39 Results such as these are typical of
the overwhelming body of literature  [*1707]  suggesting that there is no real
danger of HIV transmission through casual contact.

   Although there have been several reported instances in which casual contact
has resulted in the transmission of HIV from one person to another,  n40 the
most probable means of transmission (other than sexual contact or use of an
infected IV needle) is contact between an AIDS patient and a health care worker.
n41 The Center for Disease Control has documented several instances of HIV
infections in health care workers from contact with patients.  n42 Yet, by
taking simple precautions, health care workers can dramatically reduce the risk
of transmission of AIDS.  n43

   Another risk posed by contact with AIDS victims is the risk of transmission
of one of the "opportunistic" infections that prey on those with AIDS.  Because
AIDS breaks down the body's defenses against infection, there are several
manifestations of the virus in the body.  n44 The opportunistic infections that
plague AIDS victims range from pneumonia, the most common cause of death for
AIDS patients, to herpes and yeast infections.  n45 The most common
manifestation of AIDS has been termed "ARC," an acronym for AIDS Related
Complex.  ARC is a non-fatal manifestation of HIV infection characterized by
"diarrhea, night sweats, oral thrush, and herpes zoster infection."  n46

    [*1708]  The most encouraging fact about the AIDS epidemic is that the
transmission of the disease can be halted if proper precautions are taken.  Even
though this is true, because the AIDS virus is communicable, incurable, capable
of mutation,  n47 and fatal, immediate action to protect the public's health and
safety is warranted.  Furthermore, thousands of persons are "carriers" of the
disease but have not yet developed AIDS.  These people are, nonetheless, capable
of transmitting AIDS to persons with whom they have intimate contact.
Traditional analyses of the importance of privacy interests do apply to the AIDS
crisis, but the severity of the AIDS epidemic must be considered in any analysis
of legislation dealing with AIDS.

   B.  SOCIOLOGICAL FACTORS

   AIDS primarily strikes intravenous drug users  n48 and male homosexuals.  n49
Indeed, homosexual or bisexual men account for seventy-two percent of all AIDS
cases, and intravenous drug users account for another seventeen percent.  n50 An
AIDS diagnosis is exactly the type of personal information that, if disclosed,
can lead to discrimination, humiliation, embarrassment, and economic setbacks
including loss of employment and the inability to obtain medical and life
insurance.  n51 Therefore, any measure that allows the names of HIV carriers to
be released must protect these groups from discrimination and ostracism.  n52
The Florida Supreme Court neatly phrased the problem: "AIDS is the modern day
[*1709]  equivalent of leprosy.  AIDS, or a suspicion of AIDS, can lead to
discrimination in employment, education, housing, and even medical treatment."
n53

   As we have seen, AIDS is deadly, communicable, and incurable; these facts
account for some of the hysteria surrounding the AIDS crisis.  The strong
instinct for survival can result in irrational behavior.  n54 Unless legislation
is enacted that protects HIV carriers and AIDS patients, people will
discriminate against these groups.  Moreover, in order to prevent irrational
discrimination, legislators should pass laws that establish programs to educate
the public about the facts of AIDS.

   Such ignominious discriminatory behavior is endemic to the American culture.
n55 For instance, American morality has traditionally been offended by
homosexual conduct.  n56 Additionally, intravenous drug users and prostitutes
are both high risk groups and are equally subject to discrimination.  Therefore,
if public health officials disclose the identities of HIV carriers, these
carriers are likely to be labeled as homosexuals, drug abusers, or prostitutes.
Even children infected with HIV will likely be stereotyped as having parents who
use drugs or are homosexual.  AIDS virus carriers should not be subjected to the
paranoia of persons afraid of catching the disease, nor should they be subjected
to condemnation and ostracism because of their association with any group.

    [*1710]  The highly publicized case of Ryan White  n57 dramatically
illustrates the need for AIDS education.  Ryan, a thirteen-year-old hemophiliac
with AIDS, was denied admittance to the Western Middle School in Kokomo,
Indiana.  n58 The state guidelines allowed children with AIDS to be admitted to
public schools provided they "behave acceptably (e.g., do not bite, are
toilet-trained), and have no uncoverable sores or skin eruptions."  n59 Although
Ryan met all of the state's criteria, he was still denied enrollment.  Ryan's
family was forced to seek an injunction to prevent the school from denying Ryan
admittance, even though he presented a very minimal threat to his classmates and
teachers.  n60 States need to design programs to educate the public if such
irrational fear and prejudice are to be eliminated.  n61

   II.  THE CONSTITUTIONALITY OF DISSEMINATING THE IDENTITY OF HIV CARRIERS

   A.  PUBLIC HEALTH LAW

   Public health cases are instructive on the question of whether HIV test
results should be disclosed because states have faced other epidemics in the
past.  For instance, states have passed legislation to combat serious health
threats such as tuberculosis, venereal disease, small pox, bubonic plague,
scarlet fever, and leprosy.  n62 This Note advocates actions that are well
within the state's power.

    [*1711]  It is generally accepted that protecting the public's health is one
of the most important functions of the state.  n63 Even when extreme protective
measures were taken, courts have held the health and safety of citizens to be of
the utmost importance.  n64 According to the case law, the harm of quarantine,
forced vaccinations, or other measures is often outweighed by the lifesaving
benefits.  n65

   Because AIDS is not highly contagious, as is tuberculosis or smallpox,  n66
quarantine is unnecessary and inappropriate.  However, public health law
recognizes the state's power to protect its citizens from contagious diseases,
even if the measures restrict and harm the infected patients.  Because public
health law has not changed extensively since the early part of the twentieth
century,  n67 these guidelines are still instructive.  However, it is important
to keep in mind that great strides have been made in the area of civil rights
and personal liberty during the last century.  While precedent may be
instructive, the unique characteristics of AIDS and the modern view of
individual rights require scholars, lawmakers, and voters to consider carefully
the problems presented by the AIDS crisis.

   The first controversy to reach the Court regarding a state's attempts to deal
with a health problem came in 1905 in Jacobson v. Massachusetts.  n68 There, the
plaintiffs challenged a Massachusetts statute requiring all citizens over
twenty-one years of age to be vaccinated for small pox.  The Jacobson Court
upheld the state's authority to adopt measures in order to prevent the spread of
disease and thereby protect the public health:

   Although this [C]ourt has refrained from any attempt to define the limits of
that power [the police power], yet it has distinctly recognized the authority of
a State to enact quarantine laws and 'health laws of  [*1712]  every
description;' indeed, all laws that . . . will protect the public health and the
public safety.  n69

   The Court also noted the necessity of restrictions on liberty in order to
"secure the general comfort, health, and prosperity of the State."  n70 The
Court upheld the statute and did not even require medical proof of the
effectiveness of such precautions.  The Court reasoned that the vaccine met the
rationality test  n71 because, "the mass of the people . . ." believe that the
vaccine "has a decided tendency to prevent the spread of this fearful disease .
. . ."  n72 The predilection of the Court to uphold such legislation may signal
that courts will treat AIDS legislation with similar deference.  n73

   An analogy to tuberculosis is particularly appropriate because the
characteristics of tuberculosis are similar to AIDS.  For instance, the
tuberculosis bacterium, mycobacterium,  n74 is contagious and until recently
usually resulted in death.  n75 For many years tuberculosis was a serious health
threat in the United States, and it remains a serious problem for many
undeveloped countries.  n76 As recently as 1966, this danger led the California
Court of Appeals to rule that confining a person with tuberculosis to a hospital
does not constitute a deprivation of liberty without due process of law.  n77 At
that time, California's health code permitted a health officer to order a person
into quarantine if there was a reasonable belief that such measures were
necessary.  n78 The court  [*1713]  extended the Jacobson Court's view of the
state's power to control contagious diseases:

   It is a well-recognized principle that it is one of the first duties of a
state to take all necessary steps for the promotion and protection of the health
and comfort of its inhabitants.  The preservation of the public health is
universally conceded to be one of the duties devolving upon the state as a
sovereignty . . . [and] [t]hat tuberculosis is a dangerous and infectious
disease which attacks human beings . . . .  [Therefore,] health regulations
enacted by the state under its police power and providing even drastic measures
for the elimination of disease . . . are not affected by constitutional
provisions, either of the state or national government.  n79

   B.  THE CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHT TO PRIVACY

   The right to privacy has been cherished in the American political tradition
n80 even though the Constitution itself does not mention such a right and its
very nature and scope is unclear.  The right to privacy has served as the basis
for a number of the most important constitutional decisions of the century.  n81
The Court has steadfastly protected certain "fundamental rights" which include:
individual autonomy regarding matters concerning child rearing,  n82 education,
n83 family relationships,  n84 procreation,  n85 marriage,  n86 contraception,
n87 and abortion.  n88

   In several instances, the Court has used the right to privacy to protect the
release of private information.  In Whalen v. Roe  n89 and Nixon v.
Administrator of General Services,  n90 the Court stated that the right to
privacy included a right not to have private, personal information collected or
disseminated without proper justifications and safeguards.  n91

    [*1714]  The Court first recognized this interest in Whalen, when it noted
the "individual interest in avoiding disclosure of personal matters."  n92
Nevertheless, the Court upheld the constitutionality of the New York statute
that required the reporting of certain prescription drug users' names to state
authorities.  n93 This statute required copies of all prescriptions, which
contain the name and address of the person receiving the medication, to be
submitted to the State Department of Health.  n94 The purpose of the legislation
was to prevent unscrupulous patients, doctors, and pharmacists from obtaining
drugs for illegal purposes.  n95 According to the Court, the statute's intrusion
on the privacy interests of those involved was not so severe as to violate the
fourteenth amendment.

   The Court emphasized that the department of health implemented adequate
safegaurds to prevent inadvertent disclosures.  n96 The only new risks of
disclosure were the negligent or intentional disclosure by health department
employees or the use of the information as evidence in a judicial proceeding.
The Court ruled that this was not a sufficient risk to one's right of privacy to
warrant invalidating a state statute.  n97 The decision emphasized the
importance of the state's interest in preventing drug abuse.  The Court noted,
however, that its ruling was narrow and did not address the broader issue of the
constitutionality of the disclosure of private information.  Rather, it ruled
only that this particular statute, with its protection against disclosure, was
constitutional.  The Court, however, reserved room for further action when it
noted that it was aware of the privacy invasions that could occur if information
such as that contained on government computer banks were made public.  n98

   In a passage directly applicable to the AIDS crisis, the Court commented on
the importance of gathering private medical information that "may reflect
unfavorably on the character of the patient" if disclosed.  n99 In 1977, the
Court could not have had AIDS in mind, yet their view toward limited disclosure
was clear.  The release of medical information  [*1715]  to those who need to
know is justified and, therefore, will not be protected by the right to privacy.
However, the greater harms that could result if the identity of an AIDS patient
were released  n100 suggest that further analysis is required to predict whether
the limited disclosure of the names of AIDS virus carriers would be
constitutional.

   The next Supreme Court case that addressed informational privacy was Nixon v.
Administrator of General Services.  n101 The case involved President Nixon's
attempt to retain control and ownership of his presidential documents and tape
recordings.  Nixon challenged a statute permitting archivists to sort through
the Presidential tape recordings and documents to separate the most personal
material from material that was needed by Watergate prosecutors.  Congress
passed this bill to thwart Nixon's attempts to extricate all the Presidential
archives to California.  n102 Nixon challenged the constitutionality of this act
n103 on several grounds,  n104 including the violation of his right to privacy.
However, the Court held the legislation to be constitutional.

   Nixon's claim to privacy was rejected, in part, because most of the 880 tape
recordings and forty-two million pages of documents concerned his activities as
President.  The Court held that any intrusion into the President's personal life
was justified by the resulting public benefit.  n105 Once again, the Court
highlighted the precautions taken to prevent broad dissemination of information
and found that there was little chance that the archivists would disseminate any
personal information they came across.  n106

   The Court compared Nixon's situation to Katz v. United States.  n107 Katz had
introduced a new concept into the privacy analysis --a right to  [*1716]
privacy when there is the "legitimate expectation of privacy."  n108 The Court
agreed that President Nixon did have a legitimate expectation of privacy with
regard to some materials,  n109 but it reasoned that the minimal likelihood of
the archivists abusing their discretion, combined with the great public and
historical interest in the materials, did not justify finding an invasion of
this privacy interest.  n110

   AIDS patients certainly have a legitimate expectation of privacy.  The
doctor-patient relationship has been protected in common law.  n111 This history
of protection legitimizes the interest in the confidentiality of one's medical
records.  However, despite an integration of the factors in Katz, the Court is
likely to affirm a statute allowing limited dissemination of the identity of
AIDS carriers as long as proper safeguards exist against broad and unnecessary
release of such information.  One reason for this is that courts have
traditionally deferred to states that are acting to protect the public health.
n112

   Recent decisions seem to indicate that the Court will take a more active role
in protecting privacy.  In Roe v. Wade  n113 and Griswold v. Connecticut  n114
the Court applied strict scrutiny to protect the interests of the plaintiffs,
and in Akron v. Akron Center For Reproductive Health  n115 the Court ruled that
a statute requiring women to wait twenty-four hours before having an abortion
was unconstitutional.  n116 When a fundamental right is at stake, the Court
requires the state to show that the infringement on that right is necessary to
advance a compelling state interest.  The cases involving the application of
strict scrutiny deal with decisions which greatly impact lifestyle.  Whalen and
Nixon do not deal with state infringement of a person's individual autonomy, but
rather on the state's control of information.  Apparently, the right to prevent
the state from disclosing private, personal information is not considered a
"fundamental right."

    [*1717]  The Court has not used strict scrutiny in reviewing informational
privacy cases.  Instead, it has adopted a balancing approach for each case
involving an informational privacy issue.  n117 In Whalen and Nixon the Court
balanced the government's need for the information against the magnitude and
likelihood of harm from its disclosure.  Thus, if a court were to review
legislation allowing state officials to release the identity of AIDS patients,
it would likely balance the utility of the information against the possibility
and magnitude of harm resulting from its disclosure.  n118 The Court would
likely uphold a statute with adequate safeguards because the Court has
consistently found that the interest in having such information outweighs the
individual's interest in preventing its dissemination.  n119

   To summarize, the Court has continued to subject state statutes that
interfere with fundamental interests to strict scrutiny.  n120 Yet the Court has
reasoned that informational privacy is not a fundamental right.  Therefore,
courts will continue to use a balancing test to review statutes permitting
disclosure of the identity of AIDS patients.

   III.  THE RATIONALE OF DISCLOSURE

   If a state permits authorities and health care workers to release the
identity of an HIV carrier, it prevents the further spread of AIDS, expedites
efforts to find a cure for AIDS by allowing medical researchers to chart the
course of the disease, and reinforces the important value of protecting and
cherishing human life.  This section explains each of these rationales.
However, these rationales support only limited disclosure.  This  [*1718]  Note
suggests that states should prohibit disclosure of the identity of HIV carriers
unless it is reasonably necessary to prevent the spread of AIDS.  n121 The issue
discussed is not whether confidentiality should be protected at all, but whether
it should be protected absolutely even when such protection could seriously
jeopardize the public's health.

   A.  PREVENTING THE SPREAD OF AIDS

   To slow the spread of AIDS, states should enact legislation allowing limited
disclosure of the identities of AIDS carriers.  Because AIDS is communicable,
knowledge of who carries the AIDS virus is essential to efforts aimed at
preventing the further spread of the infection.  n122 For example, if a doctor
knows that a prostitute has AIDS and cannot or does not disclose the
prostitute's identity to appropriate authorities, then public health is accorded
less protection than informational privacy interests.  n123 If a surgical staff
cannot be told that a patient has AIDS so that they may take additional
precautions, even if these "added precautions" consist only of being more
careful than usual,  n124 then once again privacy is protected at the expense of
public health.  The result is that AIDS could be needlessly spread.

   There are additional reasons why being able to determine who is an AIDS
carrier is essential: to keep track of the course of the disease; to protect the
blood supply; to keep abreast of any mutations the virus might make; to enable
emergency personnel such as firefighters to take added precautions; and to
enable government officials to take action against those HIV carriers who act
irresponsibly.

   Even though donated blood is tested prior to use, according to the Center for
Disease Control the risk of receiving HIV-infected blood is  [*1719]  about one
in 40,000.  n125 The CDC also has found that fifty-eight percent of the
prostitutes in Miami are infected with HIV, while eighty-six percent are
infected in Newark.  n126 The CDC also estimates that as many as 30,000
heterosexuals carry the AIDS virus.  n127 This high number is disturbing because
the gay population is much more aware of the risk of contracting AIDS through
sexual contact and more likely to take proper precautions than is the
heterosexual population.  These statistics illustrate the likelihood that AIDS
will continue to spread unless the government takes action.

   Raw statistical information is also essential if AIDS is to be combatted.
Statistics are important because they allow scientists and researchers to follow
and track the disease and to develop a sound public health policy.  n128
Furthermore, the AIDS virus is new and the exact cause and course of infection
is unknown.  Scientific method as well as common sense require states to
implement an information network whereby researchers and doctors can chart the
course of AIDS.

   Health care workers will take added precautions when they deal with someone
known to carry the AIDS virus.  n129 While standard precautions  n130 must
always be taken because one can never be certain that a person is not an AIDS
virus carrier,  n131 health care workers could take additional precautions if
they knew that a certain patient had the AIDS virus.  Physicians and other
health care workers cannot maintain the level of precaution required when
treating an HIV infected patient in  [*1720]  their daily work routine.  If they
are required to assume that every patient has AIDS, the average level of
precaution would gradually slip.  n132 Indeed, due to the stresses of the job,
nurses are taking insufficient precautions against accidental infection with the
AIDS virus.  n133

   In addition to the preventive measures already discussed, "contact tracing"
can effectively slow the spread of AIDS.  Contact tracing refers to programs
wherein state health officials contact persons known to have shared needles or
to have had sexual contact with an AIDS virus carrier.  Persons contacted are
advised to undergo testing and to refrain from risky contact until they know
that they are not infected with the AIDS virus.

   In a recent report on Denver's contact tracing program,  n134 eighty-three
percent of the 453 people who were identified as having had sexual contact or
having shared a needle with persons testing positive for the AIDS virus were
actually contacted.  n135 Of those 376 people, 264 agreed to undergo an AIDS
virus test.  n136 Forty-two of the 453 people originally identified as having
been exposed learned that they carried the AIDS virus.  n137 This does not
include group members who previously knew they had the AIDS virus.  These
results demonstrate the possible effectiveness of contacting those who have been
exposed to the AIDS virus.  Presumably, a large percentage of these forty-two
people will attempt to prevent the further transmission of the virus.  One of
the health workers involved with the project said: "People in any situation can
always behave or act better when they have full information . . . .  You need to
know that you've been exposed because you need that information to direct the
rest of your life."  n138

   HIV carriers may suffer a hardship if their identities are disclosed.  From
the public health perspective, however, that hardship is simply not as great a
harm as is the transmission of the fatal AIDS virus.  Because of the
significance of both privacy and health interests, no decision will be reached
without anguish and cost.

   The state has a right to take coercive steps, if necessary, to further the
public welfare, and to protect against an epidemic of disease that threatens the
safety of its members.  At the same time, such steps  [*1721]  almost inevitably
threaten the right of individuals to autonomy and self-determination.  Nowhere
is achieving the proper balance between individual and collective rights more
difficult or more important than when a state acts to protect the public health.
n139

   B.  ENFORCING PROPER VALUES

   Commentators have pointed out that law functions not only as a regulator of
conduct but also "as a learning mechanism by which the basic values that define
a community are reinforced."  n140 Law should be evaluated, at least partially,
"by considering its value reinforcement effects,"  n141 For instance, it has
been argued that affirmative action laws may undermine the self-esteem of some
members of the benefitted minority group.  n142 However, affirmative action can
be justified because it enforces the notion that past discrimination must be
remedied.  n143

   If no person, even those at risk of contracting AIDS, can be informed of the
identity of AIDS victims, then the logical conclusion is that the privacy rights
of the individual always outweigh the public's right to protection.  n144
Legislation that does not allow disclosure of an AIDS carrier's identity when it
is reasonably necessary to prevent further spread of AIDS reflects the
conclusion that protecting life is a secondary concern.  Is the risk of innocent
parties contracting a deadly disease less  [*1722]  important than
confidentiality?  One could argue that informational privacy is more important
than the preservation of life.  However, this conclusion is not reflected in the
law and is untenable to most.  n145

   C.  A POSSIBLE PARADOX

   The number of lives saved by legislation designed to prevent the spread of
AIDS by authorizing dissemination of the identity of AIDS carriers may be less
than the number of deaths caused by people who avoid testing and medical help
because they fear their identity will be disseminated.  Many commentators have
suggested that protecting the privacy of AIDS patients would prevent the spread
of AIDS.  n146 If confidentiality is protected, more people who are at risk of
contracting AIDS might voluntarily participate in testing programs.  Because of
this voluntary compliance, many who would otherwise go untested will discover
they carry the AIDS virus.  These people will then avoid high risk contact with
others and the rate of AIDS transmission will be reduced.  While this scenario
is possible, it is more likely that legislation that authorizes limited
dissemination will save more lives than statutes that protect the privacy of
AIDS virus carriers.  The following two arguments support this conclusion.

   First, most people who believe they may have AIDS will not forego medical
treatment out of a fear that their name will be disclosed.  A person who
suspects they may be dying will want to receive medical treatment.  While a
breach of confidentiality may be a concern, fear of death will probably compel
most people to seek medical help, even if there is some risk of being publicly
labeled an AIDS carrier.  Furthermore, most people will want to know if they
have AIDS in order to protect the people they have intimate contact with.

   Second, most AIDS virus carriers will act responsibly even absent coercion or
reward.  Most people are well aware of the serious consequences of AIDS and will
take steps to avoid passing it on to others even at some cost to themselves.
These AIDS virus carriers will have themselves tested if they suspect exposure
to AIDS, even without guarantees  [*1723]  of confidentiality.  Therefore, many
people will act responsibly even in the face of consequences that deter them
from testing.  Those people who do not act responsibly, such as many intravenous
drug users, will probably avoid testing even if their confidentiality is
protected.

   Some public health officials support these arguments.  For example, in
Colorado, the names of AIDS virus carriers are reported to the Health Department
and the names of those with whom they have had sexual contact are then
solicited.  n147 The director of the Colorado Health Department, Dr. Thomas
Vernon, does not believe that reporting the names of AIDS virus carriers
discourages people from getting an AIDS virus test.  n148 According to Dr.
Vernon, Colorado tested a greater percentage of persons in counseling and
testing sites than all but four of the 46 states surveyed.  n149 The most
persuasive arguments suggest that disseminating the names of AIDS virus carriers
will not increase the spread of AIDS, but instead, will reduce its transmission
rate.

   IV.  THE CURRENT LAW AND SUGGESTED STATUTORY GUIDELINES

   A.  CURRENT STATUTORY PROHIBITIONS AGAINST THE DISCLOSURE OF THE IDENTITY OF
AN HIV CARRIER

   In California, as well as all other states, physicians must report all new
cases of AIDS to state health authorities.  n150 This type of requirement is not
new, but rather has been in effect for decades in order to facilitate the fight
against the spread of contagious diseases.  These reporting requirements do not
result in the disclosure of such information and are, therefore, not
controversial.

   California's Health and Safety Code provides for civil and criminal penalties
for the negligent or intentional unauthorized release of AIDS virus test
results.  n151 Many other states have provisions which limit the disclosure of
such results.  n152 However, many of these statutes provide  [*1724]  very
little deterrent effect.  Others are too broad or protect confidentiality at the
expense of public health.  For instance, the California statutes are quite
broad.  They provide for civil sanctions of up to $ 1,000 plus court costs for
the negligent disclosure of the identity of a person who has AIDS.  n153 Any
person who intentionally discloses such information is liable for a minimum of $
1,000 and a maximum of $ 5,000.  n154 Furthermore, if the negligent or
intentional disclosure of an AIDS virus test results in "economic, bodily, or
psychological harm to the subject of the test," fines of up to $ 10,000 can be
levied, or alternately, a criminal misdemeanor punishable by imprisonment for
one year can be imposed.  n155

   The Wisconsin and Florida laws provide very little deterrent effect.  In
Wisconsin, employers are not allowed to screen applicants for AIDS.  n156
However, the maximum fine for violations is a mere $ 100.  n157 Likewise, in
Florida, an AIDS diagnosis cannot be used by employers for purposes of screening
applicants.  n158 However, the penalty for violations is only a misdemeanor,
n159 severely limiting the impact of the statute.  Moreover, these states do not
provide for the contacting of persons at risk of contracting the AIDS virus from
those who have been diagnosed as carriers of the virus.

   Many state statutes protect confidentiality at the expense of public health
by failing to provide for excused or justified disclosure of AIDS virus test
results.  n160 Legislatures must make allowances for special circumstances.
n161 For example, assume person X is bleeding profusely following an auto
accident.  If a health care worker knows person X has AIDS and sees paramedics
rushing to X's rescue, has the worker acted culpably if he informs the
paramedics that X has AIDS?

   Two recent situations in California demonstrate some of the problems with
blanket restrictions on the release of the identity of AIDS  [*1725]  patients.
First, Los Angeles sheriff's deputies were "soaked" with blood when they
arrested an injured suspect who they believed might have AIDS.  n162 However,
the deputies were unable to determine if the suspect was infected with the AIDS
virus.  n163 Second, in Barlow v. Superior Court,  n164 the defendant was
involved in a scuffle with police officers in San Diego while marching in a gay
rights parade.  During this scuffle, Barlow bit two officers, drawing a small
amount of blood.  Barlow told the officers that he had AIDS.  The state wanted
to test the blood in order to establish that Barlow had an intent to kill and to
inflict great bodily injury.  The California Court of Appeals refused to allow
the blood sample of Barlow, the defendant, to be tested for the AIDS virus.  The
officers in the Barlow case now must wait until the dormancy period for AIDS is
over -- which could be months or even years -- to be sure they were not
infected.  The court cited Health and Safety Code section 199.22 to support its
conclusion that at no time is a blood test for the AIDS virus appropriate
without the written consent of the test subject.  n165

   A more reasonable approach would allow disclosure of the identity of AIDS
patients when there is a legitimate use for the information.  n166 Clearly the
overriding policy concern of the legislators was to protect the privacy
interests of AIDS patients.  However, as a result of such legislation, no
warning can be given to persons who may come in contact with the infection.  The
legislature's conclusion was that the risk and magnitude of harm resulting from
the dissemination of such information is greater than the resulting benefits.
Yet, as the previous examples demonstrate, the results of such a policy become
absurd in some situations.

   California, however, has recently passed legislation that allows contact
tracing on a voluntary basis.  n167 Health officials are also allowed to share
the names of AIDS virus carriers with other public health agencies  [*1726]  or
medical researchers if necessary to assist in the "investigation, control, or
surveillance of disease . . . ."  n168 Furthermore, California has exempted
physicians from liability for releasing test results if they reasonably believe
the person they are releasing the information to is the spouse of the patient;
however, there is no duty to notify the spouse.  n169 The identity of the AIDS
virus carrier, however, cannot be disclosed.  n170 These recent amendments are
steps in the right direction in preventing the spread of AIDS.

   The most noted attempt at contact tracing has been in Denver, where efforts
have been quite successful.  n171 The Colorado Health Code  n172 not only makes
it the duty of all "state and local health officers to investigate sources of
HIV infection and to use every proper means to prevent the spread of the
disease"  n173 but also permits health officials to "inspect and have access to
medical and laboratory records relevant to the investigation of HIV infection."
n174 The Colorado Health Code also imposes a requirement of strict
confidentiality upon health care providers and the department of health.  n175
The identities of those with AIDS are not to be disclosed to "any agency or
institution, or made public, upon subpoena, search warrant, discovery
proceedings, or otherwise" but may be disclosed to medical personnel in
emergency situations where disclosure is necessary to protect the HIV carrier.
n176

   Other states have enacted partner notification provisions.  For instance,
Idaho has implemented a program that allows health department personnel to
notify persons with whom HIV carriers have had sex or shared hypodermic needles.
n177 As of August 1988, eighty-one percent of those testing positive for HIV
were counseled about partner notification.  n178 Of all partners notified and
tested, thirty-nine turned out to be  [*1727]  infected with the AIDS virus.
n179 Presumably, some of these people could have infected others had they not
been contacted and encouraged to undergo testing by Idaho officials.

   Problems associated with AIDS are not confined to the United States.
Australia and Great Britain have taken stringent measures to prevent the spread
of AIDS.  In both of these common law countries, the public's health is a top
priority.  A 1984 amendment to the Australian Queensland Health Act allows a
government official to "give information to any department or official of the
Government of the Commonwealth having, in his opinion, a legitimate interest in
possessing the information."  n180 Also, anyone who suspects that they may have
AIDS must report to a physician within three days or be subject to an A$ 1,000
fine.  n181 Great Britain's health laws provide for compulsory hospital
detention and examination for those suspected of having AIDS.  n182 These two
countries seek to protect the public's health, even at the expense of
informational privacy interests.  As commentators have stated: "Where AIDS is
concerned, the British apparently feel that the need to protect the public
easily outweighs the individual's interest in freedom from government
intervention."  n183

   B.  TORT LAW AND THE PROTECTION OF INFORMATIONAL PRIVACY

   The common law also provides protection against unauthorized release of
private and personal information.  n184 As commentators on tort law have pointed
out, "the law protects emotional tranquility and personal dignity . . . ."  n185
One way tort law protects these interests is by imposing liability for the
disclosure of private facts.  n186 To satisfy the  [*1728]  prima facie case,
the plaintiff must prove that the defendant released the private information,
that the defendant intended to release the information, and that the private
facts released were highly offensive to him and would be highly offensive to an
average reasonable person.  n187 Additionally, the plaintiff must prove both
actual and proximate cause.  The plaintiff does not have to plead and prove
special damages.

   Intentional and negligent infliction of emotional distress are other causes
of action that could protect the interests of patients whose identity is
released.  n188 The prima facie case of intentional infliction of emotional
injury requires the plaintiff to show that the defendant intentionally committed
an extreme or outrageous act.  n189 The plaintiff must also have suffered a
"severe" emotional injury.  In the past, courts have been reluctant to
compensate plaintiffs for emotional damages.  This reluctance stemmed, in part,
from difficulties in measuring and compensating for emotional damage as well as
the possibility that a flood of claims would result.  n190 However, a number of
cases have compensated plaintiffs for emotional damages.  n191 It is clear that
the trend of the law is moving in the direction of liability.  n192

   The tort system cannot be relied on to ensure confidentiality.  A plaintiff
seeking recovery faces many hurdles: a judgment-proof defendant, an extremely
long wait for trial, difficulty in securing legal representation, and proving
damages, to name a few.  Moreover, an AIDS patient may not survive long enough
to benefit from the judgment.  Augmenting the tort law to protect the
confidentiality of HIV carriers would likely deter all dissemination of this
information.  In order for the information to be used, legislative exceptions
must exist to allow the flow of this information where necessary.  Therefore,
this Note suggests some guidelines for future legislation concerning AIDS and
confidentiality.

    [*1729]  C.  LEGISLATIVE GUIDELINES

   This section suggests guidelines to help legislators draft legislation
appropriately tailored to the AIDS crisis.  Basic guidelines will be suggested
for each general argument made in this Note.

   1.  Statistical Information: Reporting and Gathering the Identities of HIV
Carriers

   The state should require any health care worker or laboratory that makes an
AIDS, or HIV related diagnosis, to report the carrier's name, address, social
security number, driver's license number, and date of birth, and the date of the
test to the state department of health.  When possible, the name of the
carrier's health care provider and any sexual contacts should also be reported
to the state department of health.  This report should be made as soon as
possible.  In addition, the identity of the HIV carrier's sexual contacts should
be requested, but the carrier should not be coerced into disclosing this
information.  Health care and laboratory workers should take reasonable care to
determine if the HIV carrier has a spouse and to report the appropriate
information to that person.  There should be no liability for good faith
disclosure of such information to a person reasonably believed to be the spouse
of the HIV carrier.

   a.  State department of health duties: The state department of health should
contact the AIDS patient's health care provider(s) to inform them of the
diagnosis.  The state department of health should also contact any persons who
have had sexual contact with the HIV carrier and advise them to have a test to
determine if they are infected with HIV and to refrain from unprotected sexual
contact until they have received these test results.

   b.  Access to identities of HIV carriers: Upon informing the department of
health of the grounds constituting reasonable need for access to the identity of
an HIV carrier, the following agencies or groups should be provided with such
names and addresses: (i) All law enforcement agencies including the Drug
Enforcement Agency, sheriffs, police, state police, and the FBI.  (ii) All
emergency-oriented agencies, foundations or corporations including fire
departments, The Red Cross, The National Guard, the Secret Service, and
ambulance services.

   c.  Statistical information that does not specifically identify an HIV
carrier should be made available.

    [*1730]  d.  No person should be tested for the presence of the HIV virus
without their informed consent unless there is a reasonable belief that said
person may be infected with HIV and they need medical care that could reasonably
result in the exposure of health care workers to their blood or other bodily
fluids.

   2.  Required Security Measures By All Those Entitled to Learn of the Identity
of AIDS Carriers

   a.  This information should be used only as it pertains to reasonable efforts
to prevent the transmission of AIDS, to do bona fide research of AIDS, or to
treat the condition of AIDS.

   b.  All those entitled to such information, including the state department of
health, persons, corporations, foundations, agencies, or any other institutions,
should use a professional standard of care to prevent further dissemination of
this information.  No dissemination of the identity of an HIV carrier should be
permitted unless compelling reasons are proven in a judicial proceeding.

   c.  Reasonable security precautions should be taken.  All records containing
confidential information must be kept properly secured.  If information is
disclosed due to failure to adequately secure these records, liability should
exist.

   d.  The identity of an HIV carrier shall not be communicated, in any way, to
any party or organization not authorized under the statue.

   3.  Penalties

   States should decide upon appropriate penalties for the negligent or willful
disclosure of confidential information.  Also, tort causes of action should not
be foreclosed.

   a.  All hospitals, emergency organizations, or other organization that would
disclose or receive such disclosure should post the statue and inform employees
of its contents or be required to pay a fine set by the legislature.

   b.  Any health care worker, laboratory, or any other organization or person
making a diagnosis of AIDS or HIV infection who negligently fails to comply with
the have statue should be liable for a minimum penalty of $ 1,000 and a maximum
penalty of $ 5,000.

    [*1731]  Comments

   An Act dealing with the issues discussed in this Note is not meant to be the
only legislation dealing with the AIDS crisis.  Many of the suggestions are
derived from the California Health and Safety Code, the Colorado Health Code,
and a Model Statute proposed in the Harvard Journal on Legislation.  n193 Any
Act dealing with AIDS and confidentiality should focus primarily on preserving
human life and secondarily on protecting the privacy of those with AIDS.

   The purpose of such an Act is to alert health care workers to the identity of
HIV carriers so that workers will be able to take added precautions to prevent
the transmission of HIV.  The agencies listed have contact with persons that
could result in the transmission of AIDS, or are in a position to restrain an
HIV carrier from engaging in conduct that could spread the disease.
Furthermore, it is thought that disclosure of this information will prevent or
reduce guessing, paranoia, and fear.

   CONCLUSION

   The AIDS epidemic is a serious threat to the health and safety of the United
States.  Action is necessary to combat this threat, and prevent the spread of
the disease.  The need for this action is accentuated by the remote possibility
of finding a cure or vaccine for AIDS in the near future.  The best way to
protect society is to prevent the spread of the disease.  However, stopping the
spread of the disease necessarily requires, at least in some instances,
information as to who is infected with the HIV virus so that precautions are
sure to be taken when dealing with those persons.

   While the state may help prevent the spread of AIDS by disseminating this
information, it may also cause serious harm to people infected with the AIDS
virus by divulging their identities and conditions.  These people are likely to
be stigmatized because AIDS is known primarily to afflict homesexual males and
intravenous drug users, groups not historically accepted in our society.

   It is only humane to empathize with the plight of those unfortunate people
who have AIDS.  However, it is foolish to try to alleviate some of the anguish
of those afflicted with AIDS if such efforts will result in the  [*1732]
further spread of the disease and even more tragedy and anguish.  Privacy is not
a more important interest than public health.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsState & Territorial GovernmentsPolice PowerLabor & Employment
LawDiscriminationGender & Sex DiscriminationCoverage & DefinitionsSexual
OrientationPublic Health & Welfare LawHealthcareCommunicable Diseases

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  See infra note 18 and accompanying text.  HIV is the virus that causes
AIDS.  HIV carriers can transmit the AIDS-causing virus whether they have
contracted AIDS or not.  Therefore, this Note focuses on those who carry the HIV
virus, rather than those who have AIDS.




n2.  See infra notes 18-47 and accompanying text.




n3.  The United States government has declared efforts to prevent the spread of
AIDS to be its number one priority.  Gostin, Traditional Public Health
Strategies, in AIDS AND THE LAW 47 (H. Dalton & S. Burris eds. 1987).




n4.  Osborn, The AIDS Epidemic: Discovery of a New Disease, in AIDS AND THE LAW
17, 25 (H. Dalton & S. Burris eds. 1987).




n5.  Id.




n6.  See id.; see also Mann, Worldwide Strategies for HIV Control: WHO's Special
Programme on AIDS, 14 LAW, MED. & HEALTH CARE 290-944 (1986) (describing efforts
to develop national programs to prevent the spread of the HIV virus).




n7.  See infra notes 48-61 and accompanying text.




n8.  Efforts have been made to allow AIDS victims to die as peacefully and with
as much dignity as possible.  See Citron, Archdiocese Reveals Plans to Provide
AIDS Hospices, L.A. Times, Feb. 18, 1988, § 2, at 1, col. 4.  See also Milch,
Holzman & Weiss, Privacy and Confidentiality, in LEGAL, MEDICAL AND GOVERNMENTAL
PERSPECTIVES, ON AIDS AS A DISABILITY 10, 12 (1987) (AIDS patients prefer to be
treated in an AIDS-dedicated unit, even though this reduces confidentiality: the
advantages of receiving the expert care in these units outweigh the
disadvantages).




n9.  CAL. HEALTH & SAFETY CODE §§ 199.215, 199.25 (West Supp. 1989).

   California Health and Safety Code section 199.215 allows AIDS test results to
be disclosed to the AIDS patient's health care provider.  Section 199.25
provides for even broader exceptions to the general rule of confidentiality:

   (a) Notwithstanding Section 199.21 or any other provision of law, no
physician and surgeon who has the results of a confirmed positive test to detect
infection by the probable causative agent of acquired immune deficiency syndrome
of a patient under his or her care shall be held criminally or civilly liable
for disclosing to a person reasonably believed to be the spouse, or to a person
reasonably believed to be a sexual partner or a person with whom the patient has
shared the use of hypodermic needles, or to the county health officer, that the
patient has tested positive on a test to detect infection by the probable
causative agent of acquired immune deficiency syndrome, except that no physician
and surgeon shall disclose any identifying information about the individual
believed to be infected (emphasis added).

   However, California does require the physician to "notify the patient of his
or her intent to notify the patient's contacts prior to any notification." Id. §
199.25(b).  Physicians will also be required to refer the infected person for
"appropriate care, counseling, and followup." Id. However, "[n]o physician has a
duty to notify any person of the fact that a patient is reasonably believed to
be infected" by the HIV virus.  Id. § 199.25(c).




n10.  Throughout history, protecting the public health has been a central
concern of government.  See infra text accompanying notes 62-79.




n11.  See infra text accompanying notes 18-47.




n12.  See infra text accompanying notes 48-61.




n13.  See infra text accompanying notes 62-122.




n14.  See infra text accompanying notes 123-51.




n15.  As Laurence Tribe noted, "[o]bviously, the compilation of accurate
information about the incidence and transmission of this fatal condition is
essential for the development of an effective public health response." L. TRIBE,
AMERICAN CONSTITUTIONAL LAW 1394 (1988).




n16.  See infra text accompanying note 193 (Legislative Guidelines).




n17.  Id.




n18.  Human Immunodeficiency Virus.  This virus is labeled a retrovirus because
it has RNA as its genetic material rather than the more common DNA.  Geneticists
do not yet understand the way in which RNA transfers information.  Osborn, supra
note 4, at 22.




n19.  Cimons, Study Backs Estimate of Up to 1.5 million AIDS Carriers, L.A.
Times, Nov. 17, 1987, § 1, at 4, col. 4.




n20.  AIDS: The Coming Crisis, THE MDICAL TIMES, Sept. 1987, at 34.




n21.  Telephone inquiry to Surveillance & Evaluation Branch, United States AIDS
Program, Center for Infectious Diseases, Centers for Disease Control (March 27,
1989) (Tel. no. (404) 639-3534, (404) 330-3021 (for information about
transmission by risk category)) [hereinafter CDC Telephone Inquiry].




n22.  Id.




n23.  Id. While the two primary risk groups are intravenous drug users and
either homosexual or bisexual men, others have contracted AIDS as a result of
perinatal contact, blood transfusions, and heterosexual contact.  Indeed, there
have been 3,804 AIDS deaths caused by infection resulting from heterosexual
contact.  Id.

   AIDS primarily affects homosexual or bisexual men.  Id. The cumulative total,
by race, of those who have died of AIDS as of February 1989 is as follows:
White -      50,462
Black -      23,518
Hispanic -   13,300
Asian -         517
Indian -        100
Unknown -       199

Id.




n24.  Hereinafter CDC.




n25.  Simross, HIV Positive: An Uncertain Future, L.A. Times, Nov. 17, 1987, §
5, at 1, col. 2.




n26.  CAL. HEALTH & SAFETY CODE § 199.55 (West Supp. 1989).  The legislature
estimates that the number of AIDS cases in California will reach 30,000 by 1990.
Id.




n27.  Merritt, Communicable Disease and Constitutional Law: Controlling AIDS, 61
N.Y.U.L. REV. 739, 742 (1986).




n28.  See Green, The Transmission of AIDS, in AIDS AND THE LAW 28, 33 (H. Dalton
& S. Burris eds. 1987).




n29.  See Sicklick & Rubinstein, A Medical Review of AIDS, 14 HOFSTRA L. REV. 5,
10 ("To date . . . the best weapon to stem the spread of the disease is
avoidance of high risk situations.").




n30.  Osborn, supra note 4, at 25.




n31.  Transmission by exposure to blood is most common among intravenous drug
users.  Health care workers are also exposed to AIDS because of their exposure
to infected blood.




n32.  CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL, 36 MORBIDITY AND MORTALITY WEEKLY REP. 5,
RECOMMENDATIONS FOR PREVENTION OF HIV TRANSMISSION IN HEALTH-CARE SETTINGS (1987
Supp. No. 25).




n33.  While there is no conclusive scientific determination, "[s]aliva does not
seem to be an effective route of transmission, probably because of the low
titers found and the co-existence of antibody." Meuller, The Epidemiology of the
Human Immunodeficiency Virus Infection, 14 LAW, MED. & HEALTH CARE 250, 256
(1986).  Also, HIV can be transmitted through heterosexual contact; "[f]our of
eight women who were artificially inseminated once with frozen semen from an
infected male, for example, were infected." Id.




n34.  Krim, The AIDS Virus and its Public Health Implications, in Legal, Medical
and Governmental Perspectives on AIDS as a Disability, A.B.A. Commission on the
Mentally Disabled 3 (1987).




n35.  See Green, supra note 28, at 33; Meuller, supra note 33, at 256.




n36.  Friedland, Saltzman & Bowers, Lack of transmission of HTLV-III/LAV
infection to household contacts of patients with AIDS or AIDS-related complex
with oral candidiasis, 314 NEW ENG. J. OF MED. 314, 344-49 (1986).




n37.  Id.




n38.  Id.




n39.  Allen, The Epidemiology of AIDS, in Legal, Medical and Governmental
Perspectives on AIDS as a Disability, A.B.A. Commission on the Mentally Disabled
7 (1987).




n40.  Merritt, supra note 27, at 748-49.




n41.  Id. While statistically the odds are low, the risk is obviously
substantial due to the likelihood of death once AIDS is contracted.




n42.  CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL, 36 MORBIDITY AND MORTALITY WEEKLY REPORT
4S-5S, Recommendations for prevention of HIV transmission in health-care setting
(1987 Supp. No. 2S).




n43.  See id. at 4S-9S.  While the CDC recommends that health care workers wear
gloves and take other similar precautions when they draw blood from those
infected with HIV or those with AIDS, some health care workers purposely avoid
wearing gloves when they draw blood from someone they suspect has AIDS.  At
least some health care workers feel they are less likely to accidently stick
themselves with a needle when they are not wearing gloves.  Interview with a
third year USC medical student, in Los Angeles.  This student, who comes into
contact with many AIDS patients, notes that he does not wear gloves when he
draws blood, and says that many other health care workers also do not.




n44.  See supra note 28 and accompanying text (the AIDS virus, HIV, weakens the
body by destroying white blood cells, which are needed to attack and kill
bacteria and other infectious material in the body).




n45.  Mayer, The Clinical Challenges of AIDS and HIV Infection, 14 LAW, MED. &
HEALTH CARE 281, 282 (1986).  Some other common opportunistic infections include
meningitis, toxoplasma gondii (causing brain disease), tuberculosis, herpes,
Kaposi's sarcoma, cryptosporidiosis, and isospora belli (the latter two of which
both cause diarrhea).  Id. at 281-83.




n46.  Merritt, supra note 27, at 744.  While this condition is not fatal,
"between 6% and 20% of patients who required medical care for AIDS-related
conditions developed full-blown AIDS within two years." Id. at 744 n.21.




n47.  See TIME, Feb. 8, 1988, at 56-57 (researchers in the United States have
identified a new strain of the virus that is sometimes not detected by the
current tests for HIV-1).  Mutation poses a significant threat because new
strains of the HIV virus may go undetected by current HIV virus tests such as
the ELISA.  Id. Moreover, such mutations jeopardize the potential effectiveness
of any cure or vaccine developed for specific strain of the HIV virus.




n48.  Intravenous drug users are at risk of contracting AIDS because they often
share needles, due to social custom, habit, or economic need.  See Osborn, supra
note 4, at 32.




n49.  Anal sex is especially likely to lead to the spread of AIDS.  This is
because anal tissues are easily torn during sexual activity, and semen, which
contains relatively high concentrations of HIV, may come into contact with the
bloodstream.  Blood transfusions are also dangerous because infected blood can
be injected directly into the blood stream of another.  See Osborn, supra note
4, at 31-32.




n50.  Meuller, supra note 33, at 251 (these figures represent all AIDS cases
reported through October of 1986).




n51.  See Simross & Johnston, The Fight of Their Lives, L.A. Times, Apr. 14,
1988, § 5, at 1, col. 2.  While it is against the law to require HIV test
results on an insurance application, insurance companies try to determine the
risk of AIDS from standard information such as residence location and marital
status.  Insurance companies may ask questions concerning infections that are
common among those with AIDS.  Id.




n52.  Unlike cancer, heart disease, birth defects, and other common afflictions,
AIDS is often acquired through behavior that is frequently unaccepted by our
society.  Drug abuse is condemned because it is self-destructive and may lead to
crime.  An important question is whether this fact will alter society's response
to the AIDS crisis.

   If one wants to deter such conduct, then the proper method is through the use
of the criminal law.  Health policy should not be used to regulate conduct in
these areas.  The same applies to homosexuality.  It is cold and callous to
treat a sick person differently because of how they acquired their illness.




n53.  Rasmussen v. South Florida Blood Serv., 500 So. 2d 533, 537 (Fla. 1987)
(citation omitted).




n54.  See Bayete, The Plight of a Gay Pediatrician, L.A. Times, Nov. 30, 1987, §
5, at 1, col. 2.  A successful pediatrician in Texas was discovered to be a
homosexual with AIDS.  When this information became public, the physician's
practice immediately evaporated.  When parents discovered the doctor had AIDS,
they were furious and wanted to "crucify him," notwithstanding the fact that
medical evidence indicates that it is highly unlikely to transmit AIDS in such a
situation.  Id.




n55.  See University of California Regents v. Bakke, 438 U.S. 265 (1978) (the
Court held that a public university may give weight to an applicant's racial
background but may not use rigid quotas to make admissions decisions).  The
Bakke Court noted that "racial and ethnic distinctions" are "rooted in our
Nation's constitutional and demographic history." Id.




n56.  The Supreme Court refused to strike down Georgia's legislation
criminalizing sodomy.  The Court stated that the "[p]roscriptions against
[homosexual] conduct have ancient roots . . . [s]odomy was a criminal offense at
common law and was forbidden by laws of the original thirteen States when they
ratified the Bill of Rights." Bowers v. Hardwick, 478 U.S. 186, 192 (1986).




n57.  Kass, Schoolchildren with AIDS, in AIDS AND THE LAW 66, 76 (H. Dalton & S.
Burris eds. 1987).




n58.  See White v. Western School Corp., IP 85-1192-C, slip op. (S.D. Ind. Aug.
23, 1985); see also District 27 Community School Bd. v. Board of Educ. of New
York, 502 N.Y.S.2d 325 (Sup. Ct. 1986) (court concluded that denying public
school admission to children with AIDS violated their rights).




n59.  Kass, supra note 57, at 76 (quoting the Indiana State Board of Health,
Guidelines for Children with AIDS/ARC Attending School (July 1985)).




n60.  See White, IP 85-1192-C.




n61.  For a more detailed discussion of the benefits of AIDS education, see
Aiken, Education as Prevention, in AIDS AND THE LAW 90 (H. Dalton & S. Burris
eds. 1987).  It is argued that AIDS education will prevent the spread of the
disease because knowledge of how HIV is spread will result in proper precautions
being taken.  Id. at 91-94.  It is also argued that education programs will
decrease the amount of discrimination.  Id. at 94-95.




n62.  Gostin, supra note 3, at 47.




n63.  See, e.g., Benton v. Reid, 231 F.2d 780 (D.C. Cir. 1956); State v. Snow,
230 Ark. 746, 324 S.W.2d 532 (1959); Moore v. Armstrong, 149 So. 2d 36 (Fla.
1963); Green v. Edwards, 164 W. Va. 326, 263 S.E.2d 661 (1980); but see Merritt,
supra note 27; Parmet, AIDS and Quarantine: The Revival of an Arcane Doctrine,
14 HOFSTRA L. REV. 53 (1985) (arguing against the quarantine of AIDS patients
mainly because AIDS is not contagious and because people can be carriers for
their entire lives without actually catching the disease and noting the changing
legal climate and the substantially increased role of procedural review since
early quarantine cases).




n64.  See Crayton v. Larabee, 220 N.Y. 493, 502, 116 N.E. 355 (1917) (court
upheld statute that prohibited all contact with houses when occupants contracted
small pox or scarlet fever).




n65.  See Ex parte Martin, 188 P.2d 287 (Cal. 1948) (the state was held to have
the full power of quarantine).




n66.  See Parmet, supra note 63, at 72.




n67.  Note, The Constitutional Rights of AIDS Carriers, 99 HARV. L. REV. 1274,
1277 (1986).




n68.  Jacobson v. Massachusetts, 197 U.S. 11 (1905).




n69.  Id. at 25.




n70.  Id. at 26. The Court also said, "Upon the principle of self-defense, of
paramount necessity, a community has the right to protect itself against an
epidemic of disease which threatens the safety of its members." Id. at 27.




n71.  The Jacobson Court applied what we have come to call intermediate
scrutiny.  Legislation enacted to protect the health and safety of the community
should be held invalid only when it "has no real or substantial relation to
those objects, or is, beyond all question, a plain, palpable invasion of rights
secured by the fundamental law." Id. at 31. See also Comment, AIDS and
Confidentiality, 24 HARV. J. ON LEGIS. 315, 331 (1986).




n72.  Jacobson, 197 U.S. at 35.




n73.  Though arguing for heightened protection of confidentiality, one author
believes that any legislation aimed at protecting the spread of AIDS is likely
to be upheld.  See Comment, supra note 71, at 332-33.




n74.  ENCYCLOPEDIA BRITANNICA, X MICROPEDIA 166 (1976).




n75.  See INFECTIOUS DISEASES, 9 ENCYCLOPEDIA BRITANNICA 550-51.




n76.  See id. at 550-52.




n77.  In re Halko, 246 Cal. App. 2d 553, 54 Cal. Rptr. 661 (1966). The court
held that the "quarantine and isolation for periods of six months each, 'without
means of question and judicially determining' the conclusion of the health
officer" is not an unconstitutional act.  Id. at 662.  The court noted that the
legislature has great power to protect the public's health and that a statute
granting a health officer the authority to quarantine is not unconstitutional so
long as there are "reasonable grounds" for its existence.  Id. at 662-63.




n78.  Id. at 663.




n79.  Id. (quoting Lausen v. Board of Supervisors, 204 Iowa 30, 33, 214 N.W.
682, 684 (1927)).




n80.  See R. HIXSON, PRIVACY IN A PUBLIC SOCIETY 3-25 (1987).




n81.  See, e.g., Roe v. Wade, 410 U.S. 113, reh'g denied, 410 U.S. 959 (1973);
Griswold v. Connecticut, 381 U.S. 479 (1965).




n82.  See Pierce v. Society of Sisters, 268 U.S. 510 (1925).




n83.  Meyer v. Nebraska, 262 U.S. 390 (1923).




n84.  See Prince v. Massachusetts, 321 U.S. 158, reh'g denied, 321 U.S. 804
(1944).




n85.  See Skinner v. Oklahoma ex rel. Williamson, 316 U.S. 535 (1942).




n86.  See Loving v. Virginia, 388 U.S. 1 (1967).




n87.  See Griswold v. Connecticut, 381 U.S. 479 (1965); Eisenstadt v. Baird, 405
U.S. 438 (1972). In the landmark case of Griswold, the Court recognized the
right of married couples to use contraceptives, ruling that marital relations
are guarded by a fundamental right of privacy.




n88.  See Roe v. Wade, 410 U.S. 113, reh'g denied, 410 U.S. 959 (1973).




n89.  429 U.S. 589 (1977).




n90.  433 U.S. 425 (1977).




n91.  However, the protection accorded this right is far from that accorded
"fundamental rights." See infra notes 113-18 and accompanying text.




n92.  Whalen, 429 U.S. at 599.




n93.  Id.




n94.  Id. at 594.




n95.  Id. at 591-92.




n96.  Id. at 593-94. In fact, the Court noted in detail the security provisions
taken to safeguard the information: "The receiving room is surrounded by a
locked wire fence and protected by an alarm system.  The computer tapes
containing the prescription data are kept in a locked cabinet." Id. at 594.




n97.  Id. at 600-05.




n98.  Id. at 605.




n99.  Id. at 602.




n100.  See supra notes 46-59 and accompanying text.




n101.  433 U.S. 425 (1977).




n102.  See id. at 429-36.




n103.  The act allowed the Administrator of Public Services to "receive, obtain,
or retain, complete possession and control of all original tape recordings of
conversations which were recorded or caused to be recorded by an officer or
employee of the Federal Government." Id. at 433. The act was passed in response
to an agreement between former President Nixon and the Administrator of General
Services, by which the materials would remain under the partial control of
Nixon.  Nixon also had the privilege to destroy any of the tape recordings under
this agreement.




n104.  Nixon challenged the constitutionality of the act on several grounds:
First, that it violated the separation of powers principle; second, that it
violated the Presidential privilege; third, that it violated Nixon's rights of
personal informational privacy; fourth, that it violated Nixon's first amendment
rights; and finally, that it violated the Bill of Attainder Clause.  Id. at
441-70.




n105.  Id. at 457-58.




n106.  Id. at 462.




n107.  389 U.S. 347, 351-53 (1967).




n108.  Id.




n109.  The most sensitive materials were those relating to "his wife, his
daughters, his physician, lawyer, and clergyman, and his close friends, as well
as personal diary dictabelts and his wife's personal files." Nixon, 433 U.S. at
459.




n110.  Id. at 455-65.




n111.  For an overview of the privacy of medical records and the
physician-patient privilege, see Gellman, Prescribing Privacy: The Uncertain
Role of the Physician in the Protection of Patient Privacy, 62 N.C.L. REV. 255
(1984).




n112.  See supra notes 62-79 and accompanying text.




n113.  410 U.S. 113.




n114.  381 U.S. 479 (1965).




n115.  462 U.S. 416 (1983).




n116.  Id. at 449-51.




n117.  See Whalen, 429 U.S. at 602-04 (the Court weighed the value of the
information against the probability of a serious injury); Nixon, 433 U.S. at 465
(the Court considered the likelihood of dissemination given security precautions
and the public value in having access to the information).  See also Fraternal
Order of Police, Lodge No. 5 v. Philadelphia, 812 F.2d 105, 110 (3rd Cir. 1987)
(in its reference to the reasoning in Nixon, the court stated that the Supreme
Court has applied "a flexible balancing approach").  The Third Circuit has
explicitly adopted this balancing approach.  See United States v. Westinghouse
Electric Corp., 638 F.2d 570, 578 (3rd Cir. 1980) (the court noted that when
deciding information privacy cases one must undertake "the delicate task of
weighing competing interests").

   The Nixon Court also said, "any intrusion [in confidentiality] must be
weighed against the public interest . . . ." Nixon, 433 U.S. at 458. Such an
approach indicates the Court believes the right of informational privacy is a
utilitarian right, rather than fundamental or natural right.




n118.  See Whalen, 429 U.S. 589; Nixon 433 U.S. 425; Fraternal Order, 812 F.2d
105; Westinghouse, 638 F.2d 570; R. HIXSEN, supra note 80, at 101; Note, supra
note 13 (a model statute discussing the availability of an AIDS test result for
evidence discusses weighing the public interest and the need for disclosure
against the injury).




n119.  See supra notes 88-105 and accompanying text.




n120.  See Zablocki v. Redhail 434 U.S. 374 (1978); Carey v. Population Servs.
Int'l, 431 U.S. 678 (1977).




n121.  See infra text accompanying note 193 (Legislative Guidelines).




n122.  All states require the identity of HIV carriers to be reported to state
health authorities.  See Curran, Clark & Gostin, AIDS: Legal and Policy
Implications of the Application of Traditional Disease Control Measures, 15 LAW,
MED. & HEALTH CARE 27, 28; see also infra note 133 (nurses are lax in taking
precautions to prevent the spread of AIDS because they are constantly required
to do so without knowing who actually carries HIV).




n123.  Such a scenario is not at all improbable.  In Florida, officials had to
resort to the use of an electronic beeper to alert them if a prostitute left her
home.  The prostitute was diagnosed as an HIV carrier and refused to stop
practicing her trade.  See Mills, Wofsy & Mills, The Acquired Immunodeficiency
Syndrome: Infection Control and Public Health Law, 314 NEW ENG. J. MED. 931
(1986).




n124.  Doctors and nurses cannot always maintain their highest level of
attention.  If every patient is presumed to have AIDS, as is now the case in
California, then the level of concentration and attention has to be diminished.




n125.  See The AIDS Threat: Who's at Risk?, NEWSWEEK, Mar. 14, 1988, at 43.
Some researchers believe the risk to be as high as 1 in 4,500.  W. MASTERS, V.
JOHNSON & R. KOLODNY, CRISIS: HETEROSEXUAL BEHAVIOR IN THE AGE OF AIDS (1988).




n126.  W. MASTERS, V. JOHNSON & R. KOLODNY, supra note 125.




n127.  Id.




n128.  See Comment, supra note 71, at 317.




n129.  The risk that health care workers will contract AIDS from their contact
with infected patients is low.  CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL, AIDS AND HIV
UPDATE: ACQUIRED IMMUNODEFICIENCY SYNDROME AND HUMAN IMMUNODEFICIENCY VIRUS
INFECTION AMONG HEALTH CARE WORKERS, 37 MORBIDITY AND MORTALITY WEEKLY REP. 4,
at 2817 (1988).  Of the 2,586 AIDS cases among health care workers reported to
the CDC as of March 14, 1988, only 135 did not fit into high risk groups such as
intravenous drug use or homosexual activity.  Id. at 2818.




n130.  Health Workers' Fears Spur Changes in Needle Design, MEDICAL WORLD NEWS,
May 9, 1988, at 57.  A prototype needle has been developed that could reduce the
incidence of accidental needle sticks.  After this new needle is inserted, a
blunt piston protrudes .002 inch past the needle point.  Thus, "when the tip
reappears, it's no longer sharp." Id.




n131.  L.A. Times, June 6, 1988, § I, at 1, col. 2.  Army Scientists reported
"that a new variation of the AIDS virus can hide in one type of body cell,
possibly for years at a time, and never show up in conventional tests." Id. The
scientists found that the AIDS virus can hide in immune system cells, called
macrophages.  Three men who tested negatively for the AIDS antibodies were found
to have the virus hiding in their cells.




n132.  Nurses Lax on AIDS safety, USA Today, Jan. 4, 1988, § D, at 1, col. 5.




n133.  Id.




n134.  Shore, 'Medical Detectives' Trace AIDS Epidemic, Associated Press, Dec.
10, 1987.




n135.  Id.




n136.  Id.




n137.  Id.




n138.  Id.




n139.  Gostin, supra note 3, at 59.




n140.  Shapiro, On Not Watering All the Flowers: Regulatory Theory and The
Funding of Heart Transplantation, 28 JURIMETRICS J. 21, 23 (1987).




n141.  Id. at 26.




n142.  W. LOCKHART, Y. KAMISAR & J. CHOPER, CONSTITUTIONAL LAW -- CASES --
COMMENTS --QUESTIONS 1357 n.h (West 5th ed. 1980) quoting Nagel, Equal Treatment
& Compensatory Discrimination, 2 PHIL. & PUB. AFF. at 362 (1973).




n143.  See G. STONE, L. SEIDMAN, C. SUNSTEIN, M. TUSHNET, CONSTITUTIONAL LAW
608-09 (1986).  The authors advance the idea that affirmative action can be
justified to remedy the lingering effects of past discrimination.  Implicit in
this rationale is the notion that law functions not just to regulate behavior.
Law can enforce important messages about the worth and importance of a racial
group and thus profoundly affect the self-image of members of that racial group.




n144.  Law "reflects and expresses certain attitudes and preferences." Shapiro,
supra note 140, at 23.  This notion is quite logical and intuitive.  The values
of a society are necessarily inculcated into its laws.  Yet if legislators are
making laws addressing a new health crisis, then certainly their values,
presumably the values of the majority, are going to be inculcated to society.
The interesting question thus arises: If these values are the values of the
majority, are they wrong?

   However, lawmakers are likely to be affected by external influences.  In the
example of privacy legislation for AIDS patients, the vocal minority may affect
the thinking of legislators more than the legislators underlying sense of what
their constituency would want.




n145.  Obviously, life is generally highly valued.  For instance, the criminal
law prohibits drug abuse at least in part because it poses a significant risk to
one's health.  The criminal law is based upon the moral principle that life is
sacred and should be preserved.  See Devlin, The Enforcement of Morals,
reprinted in CRIMINAL LAW AND ITS PROCESSES 238 (S. Kadish, S. Schulhofer, & M.
Paulsen eds., 4th ed. 1983).




n146.  See CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL, ADDITIONAL RECOMMENDATIONS TO REDUCE
SEXUAL AND DRUG ABUSE-RELATED TRANSMISSION OF HTLV III/LAV, 35 MORBIDITY &
MORTALITY WEEKLY REP. 152 (1986).  See also Comment, supra note 71, at 323-29.




n147.  Hooper, Officials Urge Contacting Partners of AIDS-Infected People,
United Press Int., Mar. 2, 1988.




n148.  Id.




n149.  Id.




n150.  See, Comment, supra note 71, at 315, 338.  See, e.g., CAL. HEALTH &
SAFETY CODE § 1603.1(c) (West Supp. 1989).




n151.  CAL. HEALTH & SAFETY CODE § 199.21 (West Supp. 1989).




n152.  See INTERGOVERNMENTAL HEALTH POLICY PROJECT, GEORGE WASHINGTON
UNIVERSITY, A Symposium of State AIDS Related Legislation, Jan-July 1987, at
33-41 [hereinafter AIDS Legislation] (citing legislation in California,
Colorado, Georgia, Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Maine, Michigan, Minnesota,
New Jersey, New York, Rhode Island, and Wisconsin).




n153.  CAL. HEALTH & SAFETY CODE § 199.21 (West Supp. 1989).




n154.  Id. § 199.21(b).




n155.  Id. § 199.21(c).




n156.  WIS. STAT. ANN. § 103.15 (West 1988).




n157.  Id. § 103.20.




n158.  FLA. STAT. ANN. § 381.606(s) (West 1986).




n159.  Id. § 381.606(4).




n160.  See AIDS Legislation, supra note 152, at 33-38; CAL. HEALTH & SAFETY CODE
§ 199.22; Ind. ch. 87-196; 1987 Idaho Sess. Laws 222.  But see COLO. REV. STAT.
§ 25-4-1404(1)(c) (Supp. 1987) (the name of an HIV carrier may be released to
medical personnel in order to protect the named party); 1987 HAW. SESS. LAWS 238
(allows for the disclosure of the results to blood banks, plasma centers, organ
and tissue banks, schools, and preschool and daycare centers).




n161.  While legislatures should provide exceptions, one would expect most
courts would interpret the provisions to have a reasonableness requirement.




n162.  Freed, AIDS-Tainted Blood Splatters 2 Deputies, L.A. Times, Jan. 6, 1988,
§ II, at 3, col. 1.




n163.  Id.




n164.  190 Cal. App. 3d 1652, 236 Cal. Rptr. 134 (1987).




n165.  Id. at 138-39.




n166.  The interests of the individual are clearly put above the interests of
the general public when the only means of determining who has AIDS is consensual
testing.  Protecting privacy is warranted only when there is no compelling need
to discover such information.  Surely the officers had a legal and moral right
to know if they had been exposed to AIDS.




n167.  CAL. HEALTH & SAFETY CODE § 199.27(b) (West Supp. 1989).

   Any person receiving a test for the presence of antibodies to human
immunodeficiency virus (HIV) may disclose the identity of any sexual partners or
any person with whom he or she has shared the use of hypodermic needles . . .
after the person has signed a consent form . . . which acknowledges that the
person is making this disclosure voluntarily.

   Id. § 199.27(a).




n168.  Id. § 199.42(b).




n169.  Id. § 199.25(a), (c).




n170.  Id. § 199.25(a).




n171.  See supra notes 136-40 and accompanying text.  However, the ACLU has
criticized such programs arguing that "people should take responsibility for
their own health" and should be permitted to voluntarily "inform their
partners." Carpenter, Debate over Contacting AIDS Victim's Partners, Associated
Press, Mar. 7, 1987.




n172.  COLO. HEALTH CODE § 25-4-1405 (Supp. II 1987).




n173.  Id. § 25-4-1405(1).




n174.  Id. § 25-4-1405(7).




n175.  Id. § 25-4-1404(1).




n176.  Id.




n177.  CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL, PARTNER NOTIFICATION FOR PREVENTING HUMAN
IMMUNODEFICIENCY VIRUS (HIV) INFECTION -- COLORADO, IDAHO, SOUTH CAROLINA,
VIRGINIA, 37 MORBIDITY AND MORTALITY WEEKLY REP. 613-14 (1988).




n178.  Id.




n179.  Id.




n180.  McGuirl & Gee, AIDS: An Overview of the British, Australian, and American
Responses, 14 HOFSTRA L. REV. 107, 116 (1985).




n181.  Id.




n182.  Id. at 113.




n183.  Id.




n184.  For a general discussion, see W. PROSSER & W. KEETON, PROSSER & KEETON ON
THE LAW OF TORTS 784 (5th ed. 1984) [hereinafter PROSSER & KEETON].




n185.  R. EPSTEIN, C. GREGORY & H. KALVEN, CASES AND MATERIALS ON TORTS 1034
(4th ed. 1984).  See also Prosser, Privacy, 48 CALIF. L. REV. 383 (1960). In
this article Prosser surveys tort cases protecting one's interest in privacy.
He identifies four separate torts protecting various privacy interests.  Id. at
389. The four torts Prosser identified are:

   1.  Intrusion upon the plaintiff's seclusion or solitude, or into his private
affairs.

   2.  Public disclosure of embarrassing private facts about the plaintiff.

   3.  Publicity which places the plaintiff in a false light in the public eye.

   4.  Appropriation, for the defendant's advantage, of the plaintiff's name or
likeness.




n186.  California and many other states currently recognize this cause of
action.  Forsher v. Bugliosi, 26 Cal.3d 792, 808, 608 P.2d 716, 725 163 Cal.
Rptr. 628, 637 (1980); Lugosi v. Universal Pictures, 25 Cal. 3d 813, 819, 603
P.2d 425, 428-29, 160 Cal. Rptr. 323, 326 (1979) (Bird, C.J., dissenting).




n187.  RESTATEMENT (SECOND) OF TORTS § 652D (1976).




n188.  See PROSSER & KEETON, supra note 184, at § 12 (1984).




n189.  Id. § 46.




n190.  Id. § 12.




n191.  See, e.g., Johnson v. State, 37 N.Y.2d 378, 334 N.E.2d 590, 372 N.Y.S.2d
638 (1975); Corrigal V. Ball & Dodd Funeral Home, Inc., 89 Wash. 2d 959, 577
P.2d 580 (1978). These cases allowed recovery for emotional distress.  But see
Jenkins v. Dell Publishing Co., 251 F.2d 447 (3rd Cir. 1958) (plaintiffs denied
recovery for the public disclosure of private embarassing facts because the
court deemed the facts to be newsworthy).




n192.  See PROSSER & KEETON, supra note 184, § 12, at 66.




n193.  See Comment, supra note 71.


                             948 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                    Copyright (c) 2013 by State Bar of Texas
                               Texas Bar Journal

                                   July, 2013

                               Texas Bar Journal

                               76 Tex. B. J. 619

LENGTH: 1044 words

FEATURE: A LOOK BACK IN HISTORY: TYLA PRESIDENT'S PAGE - WILLIAM H, FORD: AIDS:
IT'S TIME FOR THE LEGAL PROFESSION TO RESPOND


   It is estimated that 1-5 million U.S. citizens are infected with the AIDS
virus. AIDS presently has no cure, and persons with the disease face numerous
medical, professional, social, financial, and legal problems. In this special
section, coordinated by members of the TYLA AIDS and the Law Committee, legal
issues confronting the attorneys of persons with AIDS are outlined and explored.
It is hoped that the material presented herein will inform and assist attorneys
as they represent clients who have AIDS.

TEXT:

    [*620]

   AIDS is perhaps the major medical and legal challenge confronting society in
our lifetime.The statistics and projections are staggering. As of July 1988,
more than 4,500 Texans had been diagnosed with AIDS and 2,600 have already died.
It is estimated that by the end of 1992, 45,000 Texans will have been diagnosed
to have AIDS. Perhaps 100,000 Texans are infected with the Human
Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) at the present time and it is feared that as many
as 250,000 Texans will have been infected by the year 1991.

   Given these alarming numbers, the demands on our health care system in the
immediate future will obviously be tremendous. Less apparent, but perhaps as
vital to the quality of life of those who have AIDS is the extraordinary and
unusual pressure that will be placed on our system of justice. The legal
profession must take a leadership role among professionals and respond to the
challenge posed by AIDS in several ways.

   First, we must remember our ethical obligation to assure access to the legal
system for all members of society. People with AIDS and people infected with HIV
are more likely than the general population to encounter legal problems in the
areas of employment, housing, insurance, access to health care, and education.
They also must address the estate planning issues confronting anyone with a
potentially terminal illness. Regrettably, as in many areas of society, those
with the greatest needs also face the greatest obstacles in realizing the
solutions to their problems. Many PWAs (persons with AIDS) reach the point where
they are no longer able to work and are therefore unable to afford legal
counsel. This economic crisis is often the byproduct of the combined effect of
jobs that are lost due to discrimination and the reality that the medical
expenses necessary to treat this killer can be exorbitant.

   Secondly, attorneys must thoroughly educate themselves about AIDS. Only by
truly understanding the disease can we shed any irrational fears that may affect
our ability to represent the client or family of an AIDS carrier. There is no
justification for treating a client who has AIDS any differently than one would
treat any other client. Only examining our preconceptions about persons with
AIDS can we eliminate the prejudices which might affect our ability to represent
the client with this disease.

   Finally, the legal profession must promote and encourage the establishment
and enforcement of the legal rights of person with AIDS. Protection against
discrimination must be ensured while remaining sensitive to the public's
uncertainty and lack of information or disinformation which presently exists.
Great effort and caution must be taken to balance these two competing interests.

   For years, Texas attorneys have ensured the right to legal services for those
who are economically less fortunate through pro bono and charitable activities.
It is now time that we redefine those in need and recognize and accept our
responsibility to expand the pro bono activities to provide quality access to
our legal system for a new and controversial segment of society, those with
AIDS.

   In making this leap, we must realize that as lawyers, it is not our place to
make a social judgment or determination of the merit or demerits of one's
lifestyle or life choices. It is simply our obligation to ensure access to
justice for all. If we are notable to make this transition solely based upon our
duty to our system of justice, then I suggest we need only consider the added
ingredient of the numbers of tragically innocent victims of this disease who
also face discrimination, economic and legal hurdles.

   I am proud to say that the legal profession is beginning to respond to this
call. Groups of attorneys in several Texas communities have already recognized
the need for pro bono legal services for low-income PWAs and have established
projects through which such services are organized. The Texas Young Lawyers
Association has also responded. Last June TYLA established the AIDS and the Law
Committee whose purpose is to educate lawyers on the legal issues related to
AIDS and to encourage the provision of pro bono legal services to persons with
AIDS. In cooperation with the AIDS Legal Resource Project and Texas Lawyers
Care, the TYLA AIDS Committee is sponsoring an AIDS and the Law Conference on
March 31,1989. This all-day seminar, which will be held at the Texas Law Center
in Austin, will cover a wide range of legal issues often confronted by persons
with AIDS. Medical aspects and social considerations which can be critical in
properly addressing the legal needs of the client with AIDS will be addressed.
Tuition will be waived for any registering attorney who agrees to provide pro
bono legal services to indigent persons with AIDS. The seminar, which will be
available statewide on videotape, and the articles which follow in this Texas
Bar Journal, will hopefully educate and sensitize Texas attorneys to better
represent clients with AIDS.

   Nationally, the legal profession is responding as well. In 1987 the American
Bar Association created the AIDS Coordination Committee. The committee has put
together an extensive document on the legal issues of AIDS and will be
recommending policy to the ABA Board of Governors. Already the ABA Board of
Governors, at the urging of the Young Lawyers Division and the Individual Rights
and Responsibility Section, has endorsed the enactment of federal legislation
which would prohibit HIV-related discrimination. The board of governors has also
supported federal action to encourage voluntary testing for the HIV antibody and
the provision of counseling with the understanding that confidentiality of test
results and any identifying information will be protected.

   This is undeniably a complex and difficult situation in light of the many
social and economic factors involved. Our system of justice does not provide
access based on these demographic or social distinctions, rather it provides
that the rule of law which controls our society should apply to all of its
members. As attorneys, we have an obligation to ensure that application.

   To read more about AIDS, go to texasbar.com/aids.

   From the February 1989 Texas Bar Journal

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Legal EthicsPublic Service

GRAPHIC:
PHOTO, Shown here is the NAMES Project quilt, while on display in Washington,
D.C. The quilt is composed of thousands of fabric panels, each a memorial to a
person who has died of AIDS. Photo by Glen Maxey


                             949 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2012 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                                 WMI - History

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                October 30, 2012

                              Rite Aid Corporation

                                 30 Hunter Lane
                              Camp Hill,  PA 17011
                            United States of America


HISTORY
YEAR EVENT TYPE          DESCRIPTION
2011 New                 The company unveiled new lineup under Thrifty Ice
     Products/Services   Cream brand.
2010 Others              The company launched Nationwide Shingles Vaccination
                         and Education Campaign.
2008 New                 Rite Aid started its new Automated Courtesy Refill
     Products/Services   program which made it easier to refill the
                         prescriptions.
2008 Corporate           The company reopened nine stores in the New Orleans
     Changes/Expansions  area that accommodate both Rite Aid and non-Rite Aid
                         customers.
2008 New                 Rite Aid and Lindora offered free weight management
     Products/Services   program and information to help people look and feel
                         great.
2008 New                 Rite Aid launched new exclusive skin care, bath and
     Products/Services   body lines nationwide.
2008 Corporate           Rite Aid and Saint Alphonsus opened Caldwell Express
     Changes/Expansions  care clinic.
2008 Contracts/Agreement Medstar Health and Rite Aid entered into an agreement
     s                   to launch health clinics in Rite Aid Stores with
                         consumer health services.
2008 Corporate           The company expanded its over-the-counter (OTC)
     Changes/Expansions  product portfolio with the expansion of generic
                         medication to over 500.
2007 Acquisitions/Merger Rite Aid completed the acquisition of the Brooks and
     s/Takeovers         Eckerd drugstore chains.
2006 New                 The company started Vitamin Initiative program.
     Products/Services
2005 New                 Rite Aid started offering flu and pneumonia
     Products/Services   immunization clinics.
2003 Corporate           Rite Aid restarted its store development program.
     Changes/Expansions
2001 New                 Rite Aid launched three new exclusive lines of bath
     Products/Services   and body products.
2000 Acquisitions/Merger The company sold PCS to Advance Paradigm.
     s/Takeovers
1999 Contracts/Agreement Rite Aid signed a strategic partnership with General
     s                   Nutrition Companies, Inc.
1999 Contracts/Agreement Rite Aid entered into an alliance with the internet
     s                   pharmacy drugstore.com, which offers online health,
                         beauty and pharmacy products. Now, the customers can
                         order prescriptions online at drugstore.com for
                         same-day pick-up at a Rite Aid store.
1998 Acquisitions/Merger Rite Aid acquired PCS Health Systems Inc which is a
     s/Takeovers         pharmacy benefits management company operating in the
                         US.
1997 Divestiture         Rite Aid sold the Bi-Mart Membership Discount Stores
                         to Bi-Mart Acquisition Corporation.
1996 Corporate           Rite Aid expanded its services to the west coast
     Changes/Expansions  through the acquisition of the 1,000-store chain,
                         Thrifty PayLess Holdings, Inc.
1996 Corporate           Rite Aid started the operations in Gulf Coast region
     Changes/Expansions  with 332 stores through the acquisitions of
                         Tuscaloosa, AL based Harco, Inc. and New Orleans, LA
                         based K & B Incorporated.
1995 Acquisitions/Merger Rite Aid acquired Perry Drug Stores, the largest
     s/Takeovers         drugstore chain in Michigan.
1987 Acquisitions/Merger Rite Aid acquired 420 stores in Florida, Maryland,
     s/Takeovers         Washington D.C., Delaware, Indiana, New York, Ohio,
                         Virginia, West Virginia, North Carolina and
                         Pennsylvania.
1981 Others              Rite Aid had become the third largest retail drugstore
                         chain in the country.
1970 Others              The company's shares were floated on New York Stock
                         Exchange.
1968 Corporate           The company changed its name to Rite Aid.
     Changes/Expansions
1968 Stock Listings/IPO  The company's shares were floated on American Stock
                         Exchange..
1962 Incorporation/Estab Rite Aid opened its first store as Thrif D Discount
     lishment            Center in Scranton, Pennsylvania.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *













LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2012


                             950 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                              July 7, 2008 Monday
                                National Edition

A Myth That Kills

BYLINE: Michael Fumento, National Post

SECTION: ISSUES & IDEAS; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 822  words


The U. S. Senate is near to passing a massive $50-billion Emergency Plan for
HIV/ AIDS Relief--a bill whose priorities are based on myth, just like virtually
all anti-AIDS efforts worldwide.

The world's top AIDS bureaucrat recently admitted the truth: "It is very
unlikely that there will be a heterosexual epidemic" outside Africa, Kevin de
Cock, director of the World Health Organization, told London's Independent
newspaper. His bosses at the United Nations issued an official denial--but
couldn't truly challenge his science.

The effort to "democratize" AIDS dates back to the mid-1980s, when the media and
health officials began a desperate and concerted effort to divert attention and
make it seem everyone was at risk. The 1985 Life magazine cover, blaring "Now No
One Is Safe From AIDS" in huge red letters, represents this effort. Surgeon
general Everett Koop coined the term "heterosexual AIDS explosion" in 1987,
while, in 1993, health and human services secretary Donna Shalala told Congress
that AIDS may leave "nobody left."

Even today, the Centers for Disease Control's HIV/AIDS Web site refuses to
acknowledge any difference in the risks of AIDS between anal, vaginal or oral
sex.

Peter Piot, now executive director of UNAIDS, warned as late as 1997 that "HIV
will cut through Asian populations like a hot knife through cold butter."
UNAIDS's 2001 estimate had 30 million infected adults in sub-Saharan Africa.

Last year, the UN had to cut that Africa figure by almost half -- and drop its
Asia number by 38% from just the year before. Dr. James Chin, a former top AIDS
epidemiologist at the World Health Organization, has long declared the UN
figures to be too high and insists they still are.

In fact, there was never any indication AIDS had or would "break out" from the
well-defined risk-behaviour groups, as I was writing as far back as 1987 and in
my 1990 book The Myth of Heterosexual AIDS.

I'm no Nostradamus. I merely analyzed public data and studies showing how
terribly difficult the disease is to transmit vaginally or orally. But the myths
are still the basis for AIDS policy.

The group Fair Allocations in Research compiles statistics on federal spending
to fight various diseases, compared to how many Americans each disease kills.
Measured that way, Americans spend 21 times as much on AIDS as cancer -- and 78
times what Americans spend on coronary artery disease.

Plus, the Ryan White Act mandates U. S. taxpayer handouts to HIV/AIDS victims of
about $1.2-billion a year. We have no remotely similar program for victims of
any other disease.

The same official grotesque distortion holds internationally. Chin charges that
the United Nations puts HIV/AIDS victims on a pedestal while other disease
victims stay submerged in deadly muck.

Robert England, who heads the charity Health Systems Workshop, recently made the
same point in the British Medical Journal: "Although HIV causes 3.7% of
[worldwide] mortality, it receives 25% of international health care aid."

"In the fight against AIDS, profiteering has trumped prevention," declared Sam
L. Ruteikara, co-chair of Uganda's National AIDS-Prevention Committee, in a
recent Washington Post column. "AIDS is no longer simply a disease; it has
become a multibillion-dollar industry."

Consider:A 2008 WHO/UNAIDS/ UNICEF report demands AIDS drugs for every victim
worldwide, requiring spending hikes from $8.1-billion now to $35-billion by
2010. Yet AIDS remains incurable. Conversely, an African with non-resistant
tuberculosis is curable with merely $25 of drugs.

"Easily preventable diseases are still killing millions of children each year,
while billions of dollars are being squandered annually by AIDS programs," says
Chin. (Yes, the U. S. Senate bill funds anti-TB and -malaria programs -- but not
to anywhere near the degree of its anti-AIDS spending.)

The skewed priorities even hurt AIDS efforts. "UNAIDS' perpetuation of the myth
that everyone is at risk of AIDS has led to billions wasted on prevention
programs," Chin insists. "Insufficient outreach programs for those in the
highest-risk population have clearly led to infections that could have been
prevented."

Ruteikara says, "the proportion of Ugandans infected with HIV plunged from 21%
in 1991 to 6% in 2002. But international AIDS experts who came to Uganda said we
were wrong to try to limit people's sexual freedom. Worse, they had the
financial power to force their casual-sex agendas upon us." And now, "as
fidelity and abstinence have been subverted, Uganda's HIV rates have begun to
tick back up."

There is no precedent in history for such myth-driven "democratization" of a
disease, nor for the abominable unfairness in allocating funds away from so many
curable illnesses. Says England: "We have created a monster with too many vested
interests and reputations at stake." - Michael Fumento is director of education
and research for the American Security Council Foundation in Washington, D. C.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White
Photo: Christine Grunnet, Reuters; Activists stage a "die-in" near the Eiffel
Tower to draw attention to the fight against AIDS. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             951 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                              April 6, 2008 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

2008 Ottawa charity Race Calendar

BYLINE: The Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 1006  words


April

Sunday, April 13

Minto Run for Reach

In aid of Reach Canada

3K/5K/10K/21.1K/21.1K

Walk, run, inline skate

Reach Canada, 613-236-6636

ahmed@reach.com

runningroom.com

Sunday, April 20

Ottawa Physio Run

In aid of The Care Foundation

2K/5K/10K

Walk, run, wheelchair

613-277-4683

ottawaphysiorace.ca

runningroom.com

Saturday, April 26

Maple Festival Sap Run

In aid of Saltos Gymnastics Club

5K, walk or run

1-613-264-2614

Saturday, April 26

Run to End MS -- Cornwall

In aid of The MS Society

5K/10K/21.1K, walk or run

geocities.com/mssocietyofcorn-wall, eventsonline.ca runningroom.com

may

Saturday, May 3

Diefenbooker Run

In aid of the West Carleton branches of the Ottawa Public Library

1K/5K/10K and 4-person relay

diefenbookerclassic.ncf.ca/

Diefenbooker2008/index.html

Funner to be a Runner -- Perth

In aid of St. John's Elementary School

3K/5K/10K, walk or run

Carrie Brackenberry,

1-613-267-2865

sjels.ca

Sunday, May 4

The Place d'Orléans

In aid of Cumberland-Orléans Resource Centre

1K/5K/10K/21.1K, walk or run

info@somersault.ca somersault.ca

Sunday, May 17

Colonel By Classic 8K

In aid of Children at Risk

1K/3K/8K, walk or run

somersault.ca

info@somersault.ca

june

Friday, June 6 to sunday, june 8

The Weekend to End Breast Cancer

In aid of Ottawa Regional

Cancer Foundation

60K walk over three days

endcancer.ca

Saturday, June 7

Go! (For the Pie) Race, Perth

In aid of the Glad Tidings Youth Group

Eight distances, from 3 to 10K

1-613-264-8904

runningroom.com

Barrhaven Run for Roger's House

In aid of Roger's House

2.5K/5K/10K

613-825-8242

barrhavenrun.ca

Friday, June 13 to

saturday, june 14

Relay for Life -- Nepean

In aid of the Canadian Cancer Society

12-hour team relay

613-723-1744

cancer.ca/relay

Saturday, June 14

Westboro 5K Fun Run

In aid of Children at Risk and

Ottawa Riverkeeper

5K, walk or run

info@somersault.ca

somersault.ca

Sunday, June 15

Alterna Do It For Dad

In aid of prostate cancer activities at the Ottawa Hospital Regional Cancer
Centre

5K/10K, walk or run

613-560-0100, ext. 7654

alternadifd.ca

therunningroom.com

Friday, June 20 to saturday, june 21

Relay for Life -- Orléans and Stittsville

In aid of the Canadian Cancer Society

12-hour team relay

613-723-1744

cancer.ca/relay

Saturday, June 21

Emilie's Run

In aid of Children's Hospital

of Eastern Ontario

1K/5K, walk or run

info@somersault.ca somersault.ca

Sunday, June 22

Smiths Falls Figure Eight

In aid of Children at Risk

5K run

info@somersault.ca

somersault.ca

july

Tuesday, July 1

Bushtukah Canada Day Road Races

In aid of Kanata Food Cupboard

1K/5K/10K, Tot Trot

Joe Du Vall, 613-884-3683

joeduvall@rogers.com

ncra-ottawa.com

HBC Run for Canada 10K

In aid of Canada's Olympic athletes

Rick Hellard, 613-290-3238

hbcrunforcanada.ca

Sunday, July 13

Carleton Place Heritage 5K

In aid of Children at Risk

5K, walk or run

info@somersault.ca somersault.ca

The Hintonburg Centennial 5K

In aid of the Hintonburg Community Association

5K, walk or run

Jeff Leiper, 613-868-2375

jeff.leiper@sympatico.ca

hintonburg.com

Saturday, July 19

Over the Rainbow Race -- Perth

In aid of Canadian Diabetes Association

1K/5K, walk or run

Terry Stewart,

1-613-267-5367 ext. 263

stewart@rideau.net

Wednesday, July 23

No Frills 10 Miler

In aid of the Friends of the Central Experimental Farm

10 miles (16K) run, 11K walk

Pat Kelly, 613-834-8190

ncra-ottawa.com

august

Saturday, Aug. 2

National Capital 10K Run

In aid of Children at Risk

10K, walk or run

info@somersault.ca

somersault.ca

Sunday, Aug. 10

Great Raisin River Footraces -- Williamstown

In aid of Free the Children

5K/11K, walk or run

Sheila Lafave, 1-613-347-3206

williamstownfair.com

runningroom.com

Sunday, Aug. 17

Brockville Downtown 5K

In aid of Children at Risk

5K, walk or run

info@somersault.ca

somersault.ca

Tuesday, Aug. 19

Xerox Races

In aid of the Canadian National Institute for the Blind

3K/10K, walk or run

runningroom.com

Thursday, Aug. 28

Glen Tay Block Race -- Perth

In aid of various youth sports teams

14.7K run

Tom Graham, 613-283-0824

glentayblock.com

Saturday, Aug. 30

The Canadian 8 and3 K Fun Runs

In aid of Children at Risk

3K/8K run

info@somersault.ca somersault.ca

september

sunday, Sept. 14

The Terry Fox Run

In aid of the Terry Fox Foundation

7K walk, run or wheel at locations throughout the region

1-888-836-9786

terryfoxrun.org

Saturday, Sept. 27

Glengarry Cancer Run

In aid of the Canadian Cancer Society

5K/10K, walk or run and

the 1-mile challenge

Glen Campbell, 613-347-2205

geocities.com/glengarryrunwalk

october

Sunday, Oct. 4

CIBC Run for the Cure

In aid of the Canadian Breast Cancer Foundation

5K, walk or run

cibcrunforthecure.com

runningroom.com

Saturday, Oct. 11

Beat Beethoven

In aid of Shepherds of Good Hope

4K/8K, walk or run

runningroom.com

Sunday, Oct. 12

Rogers Television Ottawa Fall Colours Marathon

In aid of Children at Risk

1K/5K/10K/21.1K/42.2K,

walk or run

info@somersault.ca somersault.ca

Monday, Oct. 13

Chelsea Challenge

In aid of Maison Libere-elles,

a shelter for victims of family violence

5K/10K, walk or run

www3.sympatico.ca/tkspooner/ChelseaChallenge/run/run.html

eventsonline.ca

Fall Goat Trail Run -- Perth

In aid of The Rideau Valley Conservation Authority

2.5K/21.1K, walk or run

1-613-264-8904

Sunday, Oct. 19

Jim Howe Memorial Cross Country

In aid of the Jim Howe memorial fund at Queen's University

5K/10K, walk or run

Glendon Pye, 613-993-6918

glendon.pye@nrc.ca

ncra-ottawa.com

MADD Ottawa's Stride for Change

In aid of Mothers Against Drunk Drivers of Ottawa public awareness campaigns and
victim services

5K/10K, walk or run

613-236-6233

maddottawa.ca

Sunday Oct. 26

Ottawa Hospital Rattle Me Bones Road Race

In aid of patient care at the Ottawa Hospital

1K/5K/10K, walk or run

Kwoodhall@ottawahospital.

on.ca

ohfoundation.ca

november

Saturday, Nov. 1

The Cookie Run

In aid of the Girl Guides

1.5K/5K/10K

Glendon Pye, 613-993-6918

ncra-ottawa.com runningroom.com

december

Saturday, Dec. 6

Santa Shuffle and Elf Walk

In aid of The Salvation Army

5K run, 1K walk

runningroom.com

For the Perth event:

1-613-264-8904

therunninggoat.ca

Wednesday, Dec. 31

Resolution Run/Walk

In aid of The Ottawa YMCA/YWCA

5K/10K, walk or run

runningroom.com

Dates subject to change, check with race contact.

Our thanks to the National Capital Runners' Association for their assistance
with this project.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: istockphoto.com; (See hard copy for photo description) ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2008 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                             952 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                           February 23, 2017 Thursday

What is Legal Aid? Do I qualify?

BYLINE: lcairns@metroland.com

SECTION: SHOPPING

LENGTH: 372 words


Legal Aid: What is it and who qualifies? Lawyer Jesse Herman of Jesse Herman Law
in Hamilton provides the following overview of Legal Aid in the Province of
Ontario.

Legal Aid provides assistance to people who would otherwise be unable to afford
legal representation or access to the court system. Legal Aid essentially makes
justice accessible and ensures equality before the law for lower income families
and individuals.

In the Province of Ontario, Legal Aid Ontario (LAO) provides access to justice
in the province for low-income individuals. To find out about your eligibility
for legal aid, you must qualify financially and your legal matter must regard
something that Legal Aid Ontario covers. It will be important that you confirm
your eligibility at the time you require legal services. The types of help
provided by legal aid should also be carefully reviewed against your legal
requirements.

Legal Aid Ontario makes it possible to be represented by a lawyer through the
Legal Aid Ontario Certificate Program. The program will cover the cost of a
lawyer if you qualify financially and your legal matter is covered by Legal Aid
Ontario. Hamilton Lawyer Jesse Herman is on the legal aid panel in the Hamilton
area. This means that Mr. Herman is on a list for any client approval of a legal
aid certificate.

For parties concerned with the costs of litigation, they should look into
whether or not their financial status covers them either for legal aid or
same-day duty counsel assistance.

There are new, less stringent, certificates available to potential legal aid
clients, including a mediation certificate (six hours to cover mediation and
filing of a consent order) and a separation agreement/I.L.A. certificate (10
hours to cover a negotiated agreement, draft and signing).

If you have a legal matter and need to know if you qualify for legal aid, in
Hamilton contact Jesse Herman Law by calling 905-522-0040 or by email at
jrh@jessehermanlaw.com

Jesse Herman specializes in areas of civil litigation, family and matrimonial
law, personal injury, real estate law, and wills, estates, and trusts law. Jesse
Herman Law is located at 15 Bold Street, Hamilton, Ontario.

Read more at www.jessehermanlaw.com.

Sidebar:

Visit our Profile Page

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2017 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             953 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                          November 30, 2016 Wednesday

Oklahoma City art exhibition planned Thursday for World AIDS Day

BYLINE: Brandy McDonnell

SECTION:

LENGTH: 811 words


[img width="" height="" style="" render="w620"]4549798[/img]In honor of World
AIDS Day on Thursday, the Oklahoma AIDS Care Fund is hosting an art exhibition
to prompt conversations and share visual stories about individuals living with
or the prevention of HIV and AIDS.&nbsp;The art show is planned for 4 to 6 p.m.
Thursday at 1219 Creative, 1219 N Classen Blvd. The event is free and open to
the public.1219 Creative and Waters Edge Winery are sponsoring the event, and 14
Oklahoma artists participating in the show.&nbsp; Participating artists include
Graham Edwards, Sean Giboney, Kyle Golding, Skip Hill, Jon Martinez, Kenny
McCage, Ric Miller, Lawrence Naff, Kelly Newcomb, Armondo Ortiz, Saumo Paupauga,
Ronna Purnell, Stephen Teafatiller and Suzanne Thomas.&nbsp;"Our goal is to
prompt conversations and share visual stories about individuals living with or
the prevention of HIV/AIDS, said Oklahoma AIDS Care Fund Executive Director Cher
Golding in a news release. "The Oklahoma AIDS Care Fund and 1219 Creative will
not be taking a commission from any art sales. Instead we are encouraging the
participating artists to make a donation to OACF.

We will have a wide variety of art at the show. Some of the artists are just
establishing themselves while others are prominent Oklahoma artists."World AIDS
Day was created as the first global health day on Dec. 1, 1988, at the height of
the AIDS crisis. World AIDS Day is an opportunity for people to honor those of
have passed away from the disease, show support for those living with the
disease and to unite in the fight against HIV/AIDS and its stigma.This is the
first year that the HIV/AIDS community-based organizations in Oklahoma are
coming together to collectively remind the public and our elected officials that
HIV has not gone away. According to the news release, funding is still needed to
reduce new infections, stigma, and health disparities and to increase access to
care and collaboration of services here in our state."In 1991 a group of artists
in New York gathered in a gallery space to discuss the creation of a symbolic
piece to get people talking about HIV," Golding said in the release. "They came
up with the simple idea and now most recognized symbol - the red ribbon. Red was
chosen as it is bold and visible - symbolizing passion, heart and love. We
wanted to create a conversation about HIV/AIDS and pay homage to these original
artists. We came up with the idea to host an art exhibition featuring art work
focusing on the color red or featuring HIV/AIDS themes."Red ribbons will
available at the art show for guests to take and wear in support of the cause.
The Oklahoma AIDS Care Fund is also partnering with Urban Teahouse, 519 NW
23.&nbsp;Kristy Jennings, owner of Urban Teahouse, will be featuring a special
tea in support of the Oklahoma AIDS Care Fund and will have ribbons available
all day.As part of World AIDS Day in Oklahoma, the Oklahoma AIDS Care Fund is
encouraging all Oklahomans to take part in the conversation and show their
support. People are encouraged to take a selfie or group photo wearing red
support ribbons and post it on the Oklahoma AIDS Care Fund's social media
outlets using the hashtag
#WorldAIDSDayOKC.Â·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook:
www.facebook.com/OklahomaAIDSCareFundÂ·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp
;&nbsp; Twitter:
@redtienight&nbsp;Â·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Instagram
redtienightSeveral other businesses and community leaders will be participating
in World AIDS Day in Oklahoma City. In addition to the support from Urban
Teahouse, the Tower Theatre will feature a World AIDS Day message of support on
their building marquee; Downtown Inc. will place red ribbons on trees throughout
Downtown Oklahoma City; the Crystal Bridge at the Myriad Gardens and the
SkyDance Bridge will be lit red; the SPY FM will feature PSA's leading up to
World AIDS Day and will also be DJing at the art show; Governor Mary Fallin is
presenting the Oklahoma AIDS Care Fund with a Proclamation; Expressions
Community Center will host their annual World AIDS Day Service at 6:00pm at
Expressions Community Center located at 2245 NW 39th St. in Oklahoma City and
AIDS Walk will host a Seasons of Hope celebration for World AIDS Day at the
Paramount on Film Row.The Oklahoma AIDS Care Fund is a fundraising and advocacy
organization dedicated to providing financial support and resources to HIV/AIDS
service providers in the state of Oklahoma. Since its inception in 1991, the
Oklahoma AIDS Care Fund has awarded more than $12 million in their commitment to
reduce new infections, stigma, and health disparities while increasing access to
care and collaboration of services. To learn more or to support the
organization's annual fundraising gala, Red Tie Night, go to
www.okaidscarefund.com.&nbsp;-BAM

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             954 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                          November 30, 2016 Wednesday

Oklahoma City art exhibition planned Thursday for World AIDS Day

BYLINE: Brandy McDonnell

SECTION:

LENGTH: 811 words


[img width="" height="" style="" render="w620"]4549798[/img]In honor of World
AIDS Day on Thursday, the Oklahoma AIDS Care Fund is hosting an art exhibition
to prompt conversations and share visual stories about individuals living with
or the prevention of HIV and AIDS.&nbsp;The art show is planned for 4 to 6 p.m.
Thursday at 1219 Creative, 1219 N Classen Blvd. The event is free and open to
the public.1219 Creative and Waters Edge Winery are sponsoring the event, and 14
Oklahoma artists participating in the show.&nbsp; Participating artists include
Graham Edwards, Sean Giboney, Kyle Golding, Skip Hill, Jon Martinez, Kenny
McCage, Ric Miller, Lawrence Naff, Kelly Newcomb, Armondo Ortiz, Saumo Paupauga,
Ronna Purnell, Stephen Teafatiller and Suzanne Thomas.&nbsp;"Our goal is to
prompt conversations and share visual stories about individuals living with or
the prevention of HIV/AIDS, said Oklahoma AIDS Care Fund Executive Director Cher
Golding in a news release. "The Oklahoma AIDS Care Fund and 1219 Creative will
not be taking a commission from any art sales. Instead we are encouraging the
participating artists to make a donation to OACF.

We will have a wide variety of art at the show. Some of the artists are just
establishing themselves while others are prominent Oklahoma artists."World AIDS
Day was created as the first global health day on Dec. 1, 1988, at the height of
the AIDS crisis. World AIDS Day is an opportunity for people to honor those of
have passed away from the disease, show support for those living with the
disease and to unite in the fight against HIV/AIDS and its stigma.This is the
first year that the HIV/AIDS community-based organizations in Oklahoma are
coming together to collectively remind the public and our elected officials that
HIV has not gone away. According to the news release, funding is still needed to
reduce new infections, stigma, and health disparities and to increase access to
care and collaboration of services here in our state."In 1991 a group of artists
in New York gathered in a gallery space to discuss the creation of a symbolic
piece to get people talking about HIV," Golding said in the release. "They came
up with the simple idea and now most recognized symbol - the red ribbon. Red was
chosen as it is bold and visible - symbolizing passion, heart and love. We
wanted to create a conversation about HIV/AIDS and pay homage to these original
artists. We came up with the idea to host an art exhibition featuring art work
focusing on the color red or featuring HIV/AIDS themes."Red ribbons will
available at the art show for guests to take and wear in support of the cause.
The Oklahoma AIDS Care Fund is also partnering with Urban Teahouse, 519 NW
23.&nbsp;Kristy Jennings, owner of Urban Teahouse, will be featuring a special
tea in support of the Oklahoma AIDS Care Fund and will have ribbons available
all day.As part of World AIDS Day in Oklahoma, the Oklahoma AIDS Care Fund is
encouraging all Oklahomans to take part in the conversation and show their
support. People are encouraged to take a selfie or group photo wearing red
support ribbons and post it on the Oklahoma AIDS Care Fund's social media
outlets using the hashtag
#WorldAIDSDayOKC.Â·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook:
www.facebook.com/OklahomaAIDSCareFundÂ·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp
;&nbsp; Twitter:
@redtienight&nbsp;Â·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Instagram
redtienightSeveral other businesses and community leaders will be participating
in World AIDS Day in Oklahoma City. In addition to the support from Urban
Teahouse, the Tower Theatre will feature a World AIDS Day message of support on
their building marquee; Downtown Inc. will place red ribbons on trees throughout
Downtown Oklahoma City; the Crystal Bridge at the Myriad Gardens and the
SkyDance Bridge will be lit red; the SPY FM will feature PSA's leading up to
World AIDS Day and will also be DJing at the art show; Governor Mary Fallin is
presenting the Oklahoma AIDS Care Fund with a Proclamation; Expressions
Community Center will host their annual World AIDS Day Service at 6:00pm at
Expressions Community Center located at 2245 NW 39th St. in Oklahoma City and
AIDS Walk will host a Seasons of Hope celebration for World AIDS Day at the
Paramount on Film Row.The Oklahoma AIDS Care Fund is a fundraising and advocacy
organization dedicated to providing financial support and resources to HIV/AIDS
service providers in the state of Oklahoma. Since its inception in 1991, the
Oklahoma AIDS Care Fund has awarded more than $12 million in their commitment to
reduce new infections, stigma, and health disparities while increasing access to
care and collaboration of services. To learn more or to support the
organization's annual fundraising gala, Red Tie Night, go to
www.okaidscarefund.com.&nbsp;-BAM

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             955 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                             April 25, 2016 Monday

What is Legal Aid? Do I qualify?

BYLINE: lcairns@metroland.com

SECTION: SHOPPING

LENGTH: 372 words


Legal Aid: What is it and who qualifies? Lawyer Jesse Herman of Jesse Herman Law
in Hamilton provides the following overview of Legal Aid in the Province of
Ontario.

Legal Aid provides assistance to people who would otherwise be unable to afford
legal representation or access to the court system. Legal Aid essentially makes
justice accessible and ensures equality before the law for lower income families
and individuals.

In the Province of Ontario, Legal Aid Ontario (LAO) provides access to justice
in the province for low-income individuals. To find out about your eligibility
for legal aid, you must qualify financially and your legal matter must regard
something that Legal Aid Ontario covers. It will be important that you confirm
your eligibility at the time you require legal services. The types of help
provided by legal aid should also be carefully reviewed against your legal
requirements.

Legal Aid Ontario makes it possible to be represented by a lawyer through the
Legal Aid Ontario Certificate Program. The program will cover the cost of a
lawyer if you qualify financially and your legal matter is covered by Legal Aid
Ontario. Hamilton Lawyer Jesse Herman is on the legal aid panel in the Hamilton
area. This means that Mr. Herman is on a list for any client approval of a legal
aid certificate.

For parties concerned with the costs of litigation, they should look into
whether or not their financial status covers them either for legal aid or
same-day duty counsel assistance.

There are new, less stringent, certificates available to potential legal aid
clients, including a mediation certificate (six hours to cover mediation and
filing of a consent order) and a separation agreement/I.L.A. certificate (10
hours to cover a negotiated agreement, draft and signing).

If you have a legal matter and need to know if you qualify for legal aid, in
Hamilton contact Jesse Herman Law by calling 905-522-0040 or by email at
jrh@jessehermanlaw.com

Jesse Herman specializes in areas of civil litigation, family and matrimonial
law, personal injury, real estate law, and wills, estates, and trusts law. Jesse
Herman Law is located at 15 Bold Street, Hamilton, Ontario.

Read more at www.jessehermanlaw.com.

Sidebar:

Visit our Profile Page

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             956 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              DAILY MAIL (London)

                            April 23, 2015 Thursday

NHS AIDS ARE BETTER THAN YOU THINK!

LENGTH: 965 words


HOW TO BEAT... HEARING PROBLEMS

BY THEA JOURDAN WITH RACHEL ELLIS

So you think you have a hearing problem what now? The first thing you need to do
is see your family doctor.

Once your GP has ruled out other temporary causes of hearing loss, such as
infection, they should refer you to an audiologist at your local hospital the
average wait to be seen is five weeks, according to the latest NHS figures
(although research shows 45 per cent of patients seeing their GP for the first
time for hearing loss don't get referred to a specialist on that visit).

You can be referred directly to an audiologist, or your GP may also send you to
see an Ear, Nose and Throat doctor first if they suspect something else could be
affecting your hearing, for instance, if you also have tinnitus, balance
problems or if you are under 40.

An audiologist will run tests to determine if you need hearing aids and also the
type that will work best.

Once you've seen an audiologist, it can take six to 12 weeks for your hearing
aids to be fitted. How long depends on the type you need and whether impressions
of your ear need to be taken, and where you live.

Most patients receive their hearing aid within the 18-week NHS target, either
through a specialist NHS audiology clinic or an approved High-Street provider
such as Boots or SpecSavers.

However, many face long delays receiving hearing aids. It was recently reported
that in North Staffordshire, NHS bosses have withdrawn funding altogether for
hearing aids for people with mild hearing loss a move experts fear other health
authorities could follow as a way of saving the NHS money.

The vast majority of NHS patients with hearing loss are given digital hearing
aids. These rest behind the ear and send sound picked up by a tiny microphone
into the ear through either an earmould or a small, soft tip. They are
battery-operated and bought in bulk by the NHS.

Other types of battery-operated hearing aids are available on the NHS, but only
in a minority of cases for medical reasons as they are more expensive.

Historically, the NHS had really bad hearing aids however, since 2000, it has
had access to state-of-the-art technology, and digital behind-the-ear hearing
aids are now standard,' says Dr Huw Cooper, chair of the British Society of
Audiology and a consultant audiological scientist in Birmingham.

The process of sound and the quality of hearing they provide is good, and they
can be programmed to suit the patients' needs.'

However, there are drawbacks to this type of hearing aid. Sitting behind the
ear, they are cumbersome and noticeable; they can also clash with glasses and
are not waterproof, according to Peter Sydserff, president of the British
Society of Hearing Aid Audiologists.

Many patients would rather have something more discreet or invisible, something
that is smaller and fits inside the ear, that other people can't see,' he adds.

Another problem is that while in some parts of the country, patients with
hearing loss in both ears will receive two hearing aids, in others, they will
receive only one and in some, none at all.

Sometimes you are given just one to allow you to get used to it before the
second is fitted, though some NHS Trusts now offer only one hearing aid, unless
patients specifically request two. Action on Hearing Loss says this is being
done to save money, and if you have hearing loss in both ears, you should be
offered two aids.

Unfortunately, hearing aids are seen as a bit of a Cinderella service and
cutting budgets in this area is seen as an easy hit and a way to save the NHS
money,' says Dr Cooper. It is only fair that patients with hearing loss should
get help on the NHS and the standard should be two hearing aids if both ears
have hearing loss. However, there is variety in the services offered around the
country and that is very worrying.'

Fitting services can also vary, with some patients unable to wear their hearing
aid because it is uncomfortable. Ideally, you should be offered a face-to-face
follow-up appointment, around eight to 12 weeks after your hearing aids have
been fitted, for any adjustments.

But Action on Hearing Loss says follow-up appointments aren't always given.
Instead, it is done over the phone and sometimes not at all.

Replacement batteries for your hearing aids are provided by the NHS for free.
You will given a brown book, known as a battery issuing book, which lists where
you can collect new batteries from (you must show your brown book to receive the
batteries).

While an NHS hearing aid is free, you may be charged for a replacement if you
lose it.

If you go privately, there is a huge range of hearing aids available, from those
that fit completely inside the ear to ones with wireless technology that sync
with smartphones and DAB radios. However, they also vary widely in price, from
£495 for two hearing aids to £3,000.

Before buying a hearing aid privately, always make sure the audiologist is a
member of the Health and Care Professions Council (HCPC) and they have the
letters RHAD (Registered Hearing Aid Dispenser) after their name.

Which? also advises checking the trial period with money-back guarantee,
warranty, policy on servicing, maintenance, parts and follow-up appointments,
and always recommends looking at more than one brand. Quality of private care
does vary, so patients need to be careful where they go,' says Dr Cooper.

Given the expense of private hearing aids, make sure they are covered on your
insurance. Most companies will add them to your contents insurance.

You are still entitled to NHS hearing aids if you have previously bought one
privately.

? Action on Hearing Loss run free drop-in sessions for people with NHS hearing
aids, and can help with minor repairs, cleaning and battery replacement. Call
0808 808 0123 to find one near you.

© Daily Mail

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2015 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             957 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                            February 27, 2015 Friday

What is Legal Aid? Do I qualify?

BYLINE: lcairns@metroland.com

SECTION: SHOPPING

LENGTH: 372 words


Legal Aid: What is it and who qualifies? Lawyer Jesse Herman of Jesse Herman Law
in Hamilton provides the following overview of Legal Aid in the Province of
Ontario.

Legal Aid provides assistance to people who would otherwise be unable to afford
legal representation or access to the court system. Legal Aid essentially makes
justice accessible and ensures equality before the law for lower income families
and individuals.

In the Province of Ontario, Legal Aid Ontario (LAO) provides access to justice
in the province for low-income individuals. To find out about your eligibility
for legal aid, you must qualify financially and your legal matter must regard
something that Legal Aid Ontario covers. It will be important that you confirm
your eligibility at the time you require legal services. The types of help
provided by legal aid should also be carefully reviewed against your legal
requirements.

Legal Aid Ontario makes it possible to be represented by a lawyer through the
Legal Aid Ontario Certificate Program. The program will cover the cost of a
lawyer if you qualify financially and your legal matter is covered by Legal Aid
Ontario. Hamilton Lawyer Jesse Herman is on the legal aid panel in the Hamilton
area. This means that Mr. Herman is on a list for any client approval of a legal
aid certificate.

For parties concerned with the costs of litigation, they should look into
whether or not their financial status covers them either for legal aid or
same-day duty counsel assistance.

There are new, less stringent, certificates available to potential legal aid
clients, including a mediation certificate (six hours to cover mediation and
filing of a consent order) and a separation agreement/I.L.A. certificate (10
hours to cover a negotiated agreement, draft and signing).

If you have a legal matter and need to know if you qualify for legal aid, in
Hamilton contact Jesse Herman Law by calling 905-522-0040 or by email at
jrh@jessehermanlaw.com

Jesse Herman specializes in areas of civil litigation, family and matrimonial
law, personal injury, real estate law, and wills, estates, and trusts law. Jesse
Herman Law is located at 15 Bold Street, Hamilton, Ontario.

Read more at www.jessehermanlaw.com.

Sidebar:

Visit our Profile Page

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             958 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Hong Kong Government News

                     November 29, 2014 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Ko Wing-man Urges Enhanced Education on AIDS Prevention

LENGTH: 819  words


Nov. 29 -- Hong Kong SAR Government issued the following news release:

The Secretary for Food and Health (SFH), Dr Ko Wing-man, today (November 29)
urged government departments, non-governmental organisations (NGOs) and Acquired
Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS) service organisations to join forces in
enhancing education on AIDS prevention for the realisation of "Zero new
infections", "Zero AIDS-related deaths" and "Zero discrimination".

Dr Ko made the above appeal this afternoon at the "Getting to ZERO" World AIDS
Campaign 2014 Kick-off Ceremony organised by the Red Ribbon Centre (RRC) of the
Centre for Health Protection (CHP) of the Department of Health (DH) to echo with
World AIDS Day on December 1 at the Plaza of Sha Tin Town Hall.

"Locally, persons infected with Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) are on the
rise. As of the third quarter of this year, the cumulative total of HIV
infections reached 6 841 since Hong Kong recorded the first case in 1984, and
over 600 of them were reported in the last 12 months. To date, more than 70 per
cent of additional cases this year acquired the infection via sexual
transmission. Cases aged 29 or below constituted 33 per cent, rising from 27 per
cent last year, including teenagers aged 19 or below. The risk of the young
generation contracting HIV is significantly increasing," he said.

"Findings of the Youth Sexuality Study on secondary school students conducted by
the Family Planning Association of Hong Kong (FPAHK) in 2011 revealed that 9.8
per cent of boys and 7.4 per cent of girls had sexual experience at Secondary
Seven or earlier, but their knowledge on AIDS was inadequate. Education on AIDS
prevention in secondary schools is hence a top priority," Dr Ko remarked.

Dr Ko highlighted AIDS-related sex education to secondary school students
provided by various government departments and NGOs, including the DH, the
Education Bureau, the FPAHK, and a number of agencies affiliated to the Hong
Kong Coalition of AIDS Service Organizations (HKCASO), which have been promoting
sex education by interactive and interesting means both on and off campus.

In collaboration with the FPAHK, the RRC rolled out a programme on life
skill-based AIDS education including relevant life skills, sexual health and
AIDS knowledge in the current academic year with a view to strengthening junior
secondary school students' skills in self-awareness, critical thinking,
decision-making, interpersonal communication and negotiation in the hope of
enhancing their understanding of AIDS and ways to effectively protect themselves
from infection. The programme's workshop on life skills education was launched
in September.

The RRC, designated by the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS)
as an UNAIDS Collaborating Centre for Technical Support, has been working with
various AIDS-related NGOs to launch the World AIDS Campaign 2014 entitled
"Getting to ZERO" since October to tie in with World AIDS Day. An array of
events, including workshops, a forum, community programmes, vigils, a photo
exhibition and a carnival, have been planned to promote public awareness of AIDS
and encourage acceptance and care of AIDS patients, particularly among teenagers
and tertiary school students.

World AIDS Day on December 1 every year brings together people around the world
to raise awareness about HIV/AIDS and demonstrate international solidarity in
the face of the pandemic.

Attending the ceremony, the wife of the Chief Executive and the Patron of the
RRC, Mrs Regina Leung, presented certificates to representatives of the HKCASO,
Touch Theatre (a youth drama organisation) and two performing schools. Touch
Theatre then took to the stage to present a drama entitled "Be Safe", bringing
out the theme of safe sex as an effective measure to prevent HIV infection.

Counterparts from health authorities in Shenzhen and Macau also officiated at
the ceremony today. They were the Director of the Disease Control and Prevention
Department of the Health and Family Planning Commission of Shenzhen
Municipality, Dr Zhang Yingji, and the Commissioner of the AIDS Prevention and
Control Commission of Macau, Dr Leong Iek-hou.

Other attending guests included the Director of Health, Dr Constance Chan; the
Controller of the CHP, Dr Leung Ting-hung; the Chairperson of the Hong Kong
Advisory Council on AIDS, Dr Susan Fan; the Chairman of the Council for the AIDS
Trust Fund, Dr Matthew Ng; the Chairman of the RRC Management Advisory
Committee, Dr Richard Tan; the Chairman of the FPAHK, Ms Lina Yan; and the
Consultant (Special Preventive Programme) of the CHP, Dr Wong Ka-hing.

The public may visit the pages below for more information on AIDS and
forthcoming events:

* The DH's AIDS website (www.aids.gov.hk);

* The RRC's website (www.rrc.gov.hk); and

* The Activity Calendar of the World AIDS Campaign 2014
(www.rrc.gov.hk/res/WAC2014pamphlet.pdf).

Source: Hong Kong SAR Government

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


      Copyright 2014 Hong Kong Government News, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             959 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 27, 2014 Saturday

Director, Financial Aid

LENGTH: 1412  words


Washington, D.C.: American Bankers Association has issued the following Job
release:


Director, Financial Aid
Job ID:  20383481
Position Title:  Director, Financial Aid
Company Name:  Coast Community College District
Industry:  Financial Aid
Job Function:  Director of Financial Aid
Location(s):  Costa Mesa, California, 92626, United States

Posted:  September 26, 2014
Entry Level:  No
Job Type:  Full-Time
Min Education:  BA/BS/Undergraduate
Min Experience:  5-7 Years
Salary:  $81,366.00 - $107,171.00 (Yearly Salary)
APPLY FOR THIS JOB
Apply URL:  http://www.cccd.edu/employment/open_positions/Page...
Save Job  Email Job  Print Job
Job Description

Orange Coast College

Director, Financial Aid

O-006-15

$ 81,366.00 - $107,171.00 Annually

Apply by: 10/22/2014

Complete job description and application available online at:
http://www.cccd.edu/employment/open_positions/Pages/classified.aspx

DEFINITION:  Under the direction of the  Dean of Enrollment Services, to perform
administrative responsibilities by providing leadership for all aspects of the
programs for the delivery of financial aid services to students; implement
computerized systems to facilitate all aspects of the financial aid operation;
participate on the Student Services Deans Council; and cooperate with other
administrative personnel in coordinating support services to students.

EXAMPLES OF DUTIES:  Duties may include, but are not limited to, the following:

a. Provide administrative leadership for effective delivery of financial aid
programs.

b. Give overall direction and assume responsibility for the implementation of
all components of financial aid.

c. Establish, maintain, and recommend policies and procedures for the financial
aid office.

d. Oversee preparation of Federal and State financial aid program applications
and ensure compliance with governing regulations.

e. Collaborate with the District office and other campuses within the District
in district-wide financial aid aspects.

f. Develop financial aid program plans and coordinate integration of these plans
into the student services and college-wide goals and objectives.

g. Provide administrative support for the implementation of college-wide
admissions, registration, EOPS, matriculation, marketing, and recruiting efforts
as they relate to financial aid.

h. Select, train, supervise, and evaluate the work of all financial aid
personnel.

i. Maintain an on-going staff development program for financial aid staff.

j. Coordinate computer support with District Information Services Department,
augment progressive computerization of financial aid, and provide training as
needed.

k. Supervise preparation of student consumer materials and workshops, and
evaluate and implement a consumer-oriented financial aid service from a public
relations perspective.

l. Oversee preparation of reports, correspondence, and record keeping.

m. Maintain a file of Federal and State regulations.

n. Participate in college-wide administrative tasks as assigned.

o. Maintain and review the financial aid budget and ensure budgetary guidelines
are met.

p. Handle customer service-related issues and meet with students regarding
appeals and financial aid inquiries as appropriate.

q. Perform other related job duties as assigned.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS

Knowledge of:

1. Technical Federal and State laws and regulations pertaining to student
financial aid, including grants, scholarships, and loan programs.

2. Data processing systems and software applicable to the analysis, award, and
disbursement of student financial aid.

3. Personnel procedures and skill in supervising and training staff.

4. Budget management, development and accounting procedures.

Ability to:

5. Communicate effectively at the managerial level, both orally and in writing
to individuals and groups.

6. Comprehend and interpret government regulations related to programs.

7. Analyze student financial needs and award student financial aid.

8. Implement computerized student financial aid systems to accommodate multiple
processors, and to allow for electronic transmission of financial aid data.

9. Develop and implement systems for effective delivery of student financial aid
.

10. Effectively manage, plan, organize, schedule, review, and evaluate programs
and staff.

11. Analyze and prepare administrative reports, both narrative and statistical.

12. Write grant proposals.

13. Establish and maintain effective relationships with those contacted in the
course of work.

Education and Experience:

14. Possession of a Bachelors Degree, or completion of four years college
coursework with an emphasis in Public Administration, Business, Data Processing,
Finance, or a related field.

15. Minimum of five years of progressively responsible experience in student
financial assistance.

16. Two years of administrative or supervisory experience.

17. Or, any combination of education and experience that would provide the
required equivalent qualifications.

DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONS

18. Experience working with financial aid administration software, such as
Powerfaids.

19. Bilingual ability in English and Spanish or Vietnamese.

Conditions of Employment:

This is a full-time, 12-month Classified Management position. The normal hours
of work will be 8:00am to 5:00pm, Monday through Friday. Some adjustment to the
hours including week-ends might be necessary to fulfill outreach
responsibilities.

PAY PHILOSOPHY: Starting salaries for management and supervisory positions are
based on a combination of education, qualifications and experience. Initial
placement is within the starting salary range. Further advancements are based on
initial salary placement.

APPLICATION PROCEDURES:

Applications must be received no later than the posted closing date. There are
NO EXCEPTIONS.  Electronic applications may be completed by visiting
www.cccd.edu/employment.  Once you have completed an electronic application, you
may apply to open positions within the Coast Community College District by
submitting the application and all other required materials. Required materials
differ for each open position and must be complete when submitted for a specific
posting. Instructions for completing applications and applying to posted
positions are available online or by calling Applicant Processing at (714)
438-4714.

All application materials become the property of the Coast Community College
District and will NOT be copied or returned. Information for TDD users is
available by calling (714) 438-4755.

Application Requirements:

To be considered for employment you must submit a complete application packet. A
complete application packet includes:

1. A complete online Classified/Management Employment Application.

2. A current resume. (Attached as a separate document.)

3. A cover letter highlighting your qualifications for the desired  position.
(Attached as a separate document.)

To ensure consistency and fairness to all applicants, please do not submit
materials in addition to those requested.  Additional materials will not be
considered or returned.  Be sure to complete all questions and sections of the
application. For questions which may not apply, indicate "n/a" (not applicable).
If you do not know an answer, please indicate so, but do not leave any space
blank.

All applications will be screened under a process of utmost confidentiality by a
committee of representatives from the college community. Please note: Possession
of the minimum qualifications does not ensure an interview.

Any documents that you are unable to attach can be faxed to

(714) 782-6065. Faxes must clearly indicate the job you are applying to and your
name.

Disability Accommodations:

If you require accommodations in the Application or Examination Process, please
notify Human Resources by calling (714) 438-4714 OR (714) 438-4713.

PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORK ENVIRONMENT

Must be able to meet and perform the physical requirements for this position.

Willingness to be called in during emergencies.

The physical demands are representative of those that must be met by an employee
to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.

The work environment characteristics are representative of those an employee
encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.

Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to
perform the essential functions.

Coast Community College District is an Equal Opportunity Employer


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             960 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                              June 2, 2014 Monday

AIDS free Pakistan

BYLINE: Raja Tassawar Ali - Islamabad

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR Vol. XXV No. 211

LENGTH: 308  words


We want AIDS free Pakistan, and indeed every Pakistani wants the same. The HIV
(human immune deficiency virus), which cause AIDS; and what is AIDS? It is
'Acquired immune deficiency syndromes' which is an incurable disease.

In Pakistan, as per estimates, one hundred thousand people are infected with
HIV, which ultimately is the cause of AIDS. Aids is a deadly disease and serious
threat for Pakistan, where more than 60 percent people do not even know what is
HIV/AIDS and how does it spread in society. In the country we have national and
provincial aids control authority but they are under control of less budget and
strong bureaucracy.

The true dream of Aids free Pakistan demands real base implementation. Hundred
thousand people are not figures, they are human being; they have spouses under
extreme risk for getting HIV/AIDS; they have children without hope of a charming
life.

The infected group of HIV/Aids in Pakistan are mostly IDUs (Injected drug
users), and female and male sex workers. Our general public understands that
people who are using drugs are curse.

This debate is very old in Pakistan either drug is curse are people who are
using they are curse. I only know that people who are using drugs are Pakistani
citizen they have same rights. People who are suffering from HIV/AIDS have the
same dream to live long, but general public perception about them very ugly.
Until the government does not wake up against Aids, we will not be free from
Aids.

The Aids free Pakistan should be the dream of politicians, teachers, students
and every citizen of Pakistan. The Aids free dream will be achieved, when we
will fight against HIV/AIDS and this fight needs proper planning and everybody
should be aware of the havocs of HIV/AIDS and its causes. Our dream will be
fulfilled when we shall bridge the gap between us and the infected people.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                             961 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Imphal Free Press (India)

                           September 29, 2013 Sunday

CJM, Imphal East exhorts marginal communities to seek legal aid

LENGTH: 855 words

DATELINE: IMPHAL


IMPHAL, Sept. 29 -- "Marginal communities like people living with HIV & AIDS,
sex workers, transgenders and people who use drugs need to come out and seek
legal aid whenever they feel the need to. You have to speak up so that we can
serve you", said W. Tonen Meitei, CJM and Secretary, District Legal Services
Authority, Imphal East, while speaking at a district-level legal awareness
workshop held in Imphal today.

Encouraging communities to make the most of free legal aid provided by the
Manipur State Legal Services Authority (MASLSA), he said that many people out of
self stigma and fear do not speak up and endure hardship and subjugation
quietly. Responding to a query on lack of awareness among communities on legal
aid, the CJM encouraged NGOs to approach MASLSA so that awareness programmes can
be jointly organized.

Vulnerable communities like People who Use Drugs (PUD), People Living with HIV/
AIDS (PLHIV), Men who have Sex with Men (MSM), and Transgenders (TG)
representing various community networks and groups and partner NGOs of the
Manipur State AIDS Control Organisation (MACS) working in Imphal East took part
in the interaction and shared their experiences. They narrated incidents of
violation of their rights of inheritance, abuse from law enforcement personnel
and sought justice.

Ksh Keshorjit Singh, Advocate & Para Legal Volunteer working at the Legal Aid
Clinic, Uripok Cheirap Court Complex, said that since the clinic was set up in
2012, more than 500 cases have been registered and many of these involve rights
abuse of people infected and affected by HIV and AIDS and transgenders.

"Our motive is not punishment but to facilitate both parties to mutually come to
an agreement so that interests of both are taken care of", he added.The workshop
was jointly organized by the District Legal Services Authority (DLSA), Imphal
East, Manipur State AIDS Control Society and Centre for Advocacy and Research.
Speaking at the workshop S.K. Victor, Consultant Mainstreaming, Manipur State
AIDS Control Society, emphasized the need for a concerted effort, "All
stakeholders need to work together so that vulnerable communities access legal
aid without difficulty and their rights respected".

Underlining difficulties faced by communities in accessing legal aid, Victor
suggested identifying a programme staff in all partner NGOs to look after legal
aid. A referral system can be developed so that whenever legal aid is needed
within their area of operation it can be brought to the notice of the District
Legal Services Authority, he suggested.

Meena (name changed), sharing her experiences of accessing legal aid said that
she heard about free legal aid when she joined Hope Care Network, a state-level
network of women infected and affected by HIV & AIDS, in 2011. When her husband
died in 2008, Meena was confident she would be able to look after her two
children and decided not to ask for help from her husband's first wife who got
everything that was left by her husband.

"Initially, I thought I will take care of my children on my own but it was
getting more and more difficult. Through the legal aid clinic I sought for 3,000
rupees out of the Rs 7,000 pension amount that she gets every month. Finally it
was negotiated at 2,000 to be paid by fifteenth of every month". Every month
when the amount reaches the clinic, a Para Legal Volunteer would call Meena to
collect it. "I am thankful to them (Para Legal Volunteers) for solving it
amicably. I was afraid things would turn bad".

Tonen said that MASLSA and DLSAs have been set up with an aim to protect the
constitutional rights of all human beings, vulnerable communities in particular.
They can approach MASLSA in Imphal or District Legal Services Authorities (DLSA)
in districts concerned for grievance redressal. The government provides free
legal aid services to the marginalized and vulnerable populations across the
state. Apart from providing free legal aid, the organization will also strive
for legal literacy among the needy.

Key recommendations emerging from the discussion include- identification of
community representatives and programme staff to look after legal aid, bring to
the notice of the Secretary, DLSA, Imphal East, any act of abuse or rights
violation taking place in the district, give appropriate directives to the law
enforcement and take cognizance of cases of violence faced by the marginalized
communities, provide timely access to legal counseling for these marginalized
communities through legal aid clinics, under the leadership of DLSA, Imphal
East, train community representatives as Para Legal Volunteers to facilitate
legal aid. Under MASLSA there are presently six Legal Aid Clinics in Manipur-
LMS Law College, Imphal, Royal Academy of Law, Oinam, Chierap court complex,
Imphal, Legal Aid Clinic, Malom, Legal Aid Clinic for Marginalised Communities
at Palace Compound in Imphal East, and Legal Aid Clinic, Kakching.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Imphal Free Press. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Imphal Free Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             962 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                       May 8, 2013 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

National AIDS Memorial Grove Scholarship Applications Now Being Accepted

LENGTH: 562  words


New Delhi, May 8 -- Scholarship applications for the National AIDS Memorial
Grove's Young Leaders Scholarship Program will be accepted May 1-Sept. 30, 2013.


The National AIDS Memorial Grove scholarship program, sponsored by
UnitedHealthcare, recognizes, supports and encourages the educational efforts of
young people committed to active public service and leadership roles in the
fight against HIV/AIDS. The program will award scholarships from $1,000 to
$2,500. Applications will be accepted from both college-bound high-school
seniors and college undergraduates, and will be announced on World AIDS Day,
Sunday, Dec. 1.



To qualify for a scholarship, applicants are asked to write an essay describing
their leadership goals and experiences related to HIV/AIDS. Applicants are
encouraged to participate in HIV/AIDS-related community service projects and
demonstrate such involvement in their submissions. Essays must be no more than
1,000 words and address the following areas:

1) How the applicant's life has been affected by HIV/AIDS and its influence on
his or her educational and career pursuits;

2) How discrimination and stigma fuel misconceptions and stereotypes that
perpetuate high-risk behaviors; changes brought about by early AIDS activists
and community leaders; challenges facing 21st century activists, and potential
solutions;

3) The role of the National AIDS Memorial Grove and how it might continue to
play a vital and relevant role in promoting public awareness about HIV/AIDS.

A panel of community leaders will judge the applications, which are due Sept.
30. Applicants must provide proof of current academic status and HIV/AIDS
-related community service.

"This is an important program designed to develop the next generation of leaders
in the fight against HIV/AIDS," said John Cunningham, executive director of the
National AIDS Memorial Grove. "Thanks to the generosity of partners like
UnitedHealthcare, these scholarship opportunities ensure that youth continue to
honor the past by being a part of helping build a future that is free of AIDS."

"UnitedHealthcare is honored to sponsor these scholarships that are helping
develop young people to be future leaders in the fight against AIDS," said Dan
Rosenthal, West Region CEO, UnitedHealthcare Employer & Individual. "This is an
important program that helps support and encourage careers in AIDS-related work
and community involvement."

Previous scholarship recipients are eligible to apply for ongoing scholarship
support connected to both their chosen field of study and related community
work. Through the re-application and qualification process, the National AIDS
Memorial Grove will have the opportunity to follow these individuals in their
ongoing roles as leaders in the fight against AIDS.

"The Young Leaders Scholarship Program challenges youth to consider how their
career paths may be influenced by a fuller appreciation of the realities of the
AIDS crisis," Eric Ciasullo, member of the National AIDS Memorial Grove board of
directors. "As they engage in course and related community work, leadership
skills will develop, enabling them to become more active and visible in the
fight against AIDS."

For more information about the Young Leaders Scholarship Program or to apply for
a scholarship, visit www.aidsmemorial.org, or contact Steve Sagaser at (415)
765-0497 or ssagaser@aidsmemorial.org

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             963 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                      December 2, 2012 Sunday 6:30 AM EST

AHF: Obama Global AIDS 'Blueprint' Lacks Specifics

LENGTH: 719  words


New Delhi, Dec. 2 -- AIDS Healthcare Foundation (AHF), which provides AIDS
medical care and treatment services to more than 183,000 individuals in 27
countries worldwide, expressed its disappointment with the Obama administration
for a lack of specifics in its latest efforts to try to improve and enhance the
President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR), the landmark,
widely-respected and lifesaving global AIDS plan initially created by President
George W. Bush. The latest Obama tweaks to the plan, titled: 'PEPFAR Blueprint:
Creating an AIDS-free Generation,' were unveiled in a press teleconference
hosted by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton earlier today in Washington and
which was timed to coincide with this year's observation of World AIDS Day on
Saturday, December 1st.



"At first blush after reading through the plan on PEPFAR's website and listening
in on Secretary Clinton's press teleconference earlier today, it appears that
this 'Blueprint' for an AIDS-free generation is mostly more talk and spin by the
Obama administration, something they have become quite adept at with regard to
its handling HIV/AIDS issues both domestically and globally," said Michael
Weinstein, President of AIDS Healthcare Foundation. "There are some generic
pledges in the plan to scale-up testing and treatment, but the Blueprint does
not offer concrete plans of how we will actually get there. In terms of targets,
the Office of the U.S. Global AIDS Coordinator said it will also 'work toward
the elimination of new HIV infections among children by 2015 and keeping their
mothers alive,' a worthy goal, but again, lacking specifics. Looking forward,
there is also a notable absence of any plan on drug pricing, given the high cost
of newer and second-line AIDS drugs. The Blueprint simply points out that the
vast majority of drugs currently used in the program are older generics, which
has saved money. However, there is no discussion of how U.S. trade policy
impacts access to these generic medicines going forward. Currently less than
half of PEPFAR funding is spent on treatment and care. We believe that 75%
should be, and that that shift of priorities would contribute more concretely
toward creating an AIDS-free generation."

PEPFAR was the result of President Bush's groundbreaking 2003 State of the Union
pledge to bring two million HIV positive Africans and others into treatment and
prevent seven million new HIV infections via a five-year, $15 billion US-funded
program. It currently operates in 15 focus countries and claims to support
antiretroviral treatment for 1.4 million people worldwide. PEPFAR has been one
of the most successful global humanitarian programs in recent memory, providing
medical care to millions of people with HIV/AIDS, it has given hope to the 33
million people with HIV/AIDS in the world.

"Sadly, the lack of specifics doom plans like this," said Tom Myers, Chief of
Public Affairs for AHF. "By way of previous Obama administration example, two
years ago, on the eve of the International AIDS Conference in Vienna-another
time when worldwide media interest in HIV/AIDS was high-President Obama rolled
out his highly-touted 'National Strategy on HIV/AIDS,' an ambitious plan which
did nothing to stop waiting lists for the nationwide network of federally
supported AIDS Drug Assistance Programs from growing to over 10,000 vulnerable
low-income Americans living with HIV/AIDS waiting to access lifesaving
medications. ADAP waiting lists had never been as high as under Obama after the
release of his National AIDS Strategy."

Separately, in May of this year, AHF lauded the U.S. House of Representatives
for budgeting $193 million more to global AIDS programs in the 2013 Foreign
Operations & Appropriations Bill than President Obama had proposed. Despite a
five percent-or two billion dollar-reduction in overall foreign operations
spending from the Fiscal Year 2012 Appropriations Bill, the
Republican-controlled House intended to maintain the current levels of funding,
a stark contrast to the Obama Administration's unprecedented request at that
time for a reduction in global AIDS funding of $214 million-the first time a
U.S. president had ever cut funding AIDS.

"We believe actions should speak louder than words in the United States' efforts
on AIDS," added AHF's Myers.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2012 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             964 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                       June 14, 2012 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

AIDS Healthcare Foundation: Musician Wyclef Jean to Headline 'Keep the Promise'
AIDS March on Washington

LENGTH: 783  words


New Delhi, June 14 -- AIDS Healthcare Foundation (AHF) is pleased to announce
that Wyclef Jean-Grammy award-winning musician, songwriter, producer and
humanitarian of international acclaim-will join the "Keep the Promise" March on
Washington as the headliner. Wyclef will join civil rights leader Ambassador
Andrew Young on stage at the Washington Monument grounds to perform and rally
the crowd of more than 10,000 people before the start of the March on Sunday,
July 22, 2012-just prior to the opening ceremonies of the XIX International AIDS
Conference.

Wyclef joins 2,219 individuals and 1,373 organizations from 98 countries in
supporting the "Keep the Promise" Declaration and March.

The 'Keep the Promise' rally and march will serve as a clarion call for
universal access to AIDS care and treatment; for more efficient use of the
limited funding from sources including the Global Fund to Fight AIDS,
Tuberculosis and Malaria and the U.S. President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief
(PEPFAR); for big world economies and the G20 to fully fund the Global Fund as
well as for the lowering of AIDS drug prices by pharmaceutical companies to
allow for the treatment of more patients with the same amount of money. More
information about the "Keep the Promise" coalition and March can be found at
www.keepthepromise2012.org and by following the group on Facebook
(http://www.facebook.com/keepthepromise2012) and on Twitter @AIDSMarch2012.

"We are so excited to welcome Wyclef Jean to the 'Keep the Promise' March on
Washington," said Terri Ford, AIDS Healthcare Foundation's Senior Director of
Global Policy and Advocacy. "His passion and activist spirit, along with his
inspirational music, is absolutely the right fit to highlight the crisis that
HIV/AIDS remains around the world."

Since his rise to prominence on the Hip Hop and R&B scene in the 1990s until
today, Wyclef's music has always been tied to his charitable and advocacy work
in his native Haiti and around the world. Following the 2010 earthquake in
Haiti, Wyclef and Yele Haiti Foundation-which he founded in 2005-helped mobilize
international support for humanitarian aid and assistance to the country. In
2009, he shared the BET Humanitarian of the Year award with Alicia Keys and also
performed at the Nobel Peace Prize Concert in Oslo. In 2006, Wyclef performed at
the UNAIDS-organized Evening of Remembrance and Hope: Uniting the World Against
AIDS in New York City, commemorating 25 years of AIDS.

"For the first time in over twenty years, the International AIDS Conference
takes place in the United States-in Washington-and just a few months before the
2012 presidential election," said Michael Weinstein, President of AIDS
Healthcare Foundation. "The 'Keep the Promise on HIV/AIDS' March presents an
ideal opportunity for AIDS advocates and organizations the world over to join
together and have our collective voices heard to press US and world leaders to
do the right thing on AIDS funding, care and treatment."

Please click here to read the "Keep the Promise on HIV/AIDS" Declaration.

Background on the 2012 XIX International AIDS Conference

According to the website of the International AIDS Society, "The return of the
International AIDS Conference to the United States in July 2012 represents a
significant victory for public health and human rights. The selection of
Washington, DC as the site for the XIX International AIDS Conference (AIDS 2012)
is the result of years of dedicated advocacy to end the nation's misguided entry
restrictions on people living with HIV - restrictions that were based on fear,
rather than science.

The biennial International AIDS Conference is the premier gathering for those
working in the field of HIV, as well as policymakers, people living with HIV and
others committed to ending the epidemic. It will be a tremendous opportunity for
researchers from around the world to share the latest scientific advances in the
field, learn from one another's expertise, and develop strategies for advancing
all facets of our collective efforts to treat and prevent HIV.

AIDS 2012 is expected to convene more than 25,000 delegates from nearly 200
countries, including more than 2,500 journalists. The conference will be held
from 22 to 27 July 2012 at the Walter E. Washington Convention Center. The
International AIDS Society, the world's leading independent association of HIV
professionals, with 14,000 members in 190 countries, will organize AIDS 2012 in
collaboration with our international and local partners."

For more information on the 2012 'Keep the Promise on HIV/AIDS' March in
Washington or to sign up and join as an endorsing and supporting organization,
please visit www.keepthepromise2012.org.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2012 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             965 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             June 25, 2011 Saturday
                                  NF1 Edition

Open houses success for AID

BYLINE: Submitted by AID

SECTION: NEIGHBOR; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 681 words


The Association for Individual Development would like to thank everyone who
joined them in celebration of their 50th anniversary at their open house events
in Elgin, Aurora and Yorkville. Guests attending the open house events were able
to enjoy food and refreshments while catching up on all that is new at AID
including the recycling program and autism classrooms.

In Yorkville, guests toured the facility which includes the AID Blue Shirt
Studio where clients interested in art can take art classes and participate in
special art projects. Clients' artwork decorates the walls and all of it is
available for purchase with a portion of the proceeds going directly to the
artist. AID was also joined in Yorkville by state Rep. Kay Hatcher who presented
AID with a proclamation recognizing its 50 years of service.

Visitors to the Aurora open house toured the facility to see a typical day at
AID. The work floors of the AID Thompson Center were busy with clients working
on several subcontract manufacturing jobs as well as sorting and compressing
recyclables in the facilities baler. Proclamations and words of support were
given by Aurora Mayor Tom Weisner, and state Sen. Linda Holmes.

The day concluded with an open house at the AID Elgin Training Center. Visitors
toured the facility and were able to see the new autism classroom which is
specifically designed to assist individuals on the autism spectrum. Former AID
Executive Director Dewey Thompson was in attendance and spoke briefly to the
crowd and thanked the community for their great support over the past 50 years.
Elgin Mayor David Kaptain and state Sen. Michael Noland presented proclamations
to AID and state Rep. Keith Farnham congratulated AID on its accomplishment and
voiced his support in continuing to help organizations such as AID receive
necessary funding.

AID would also like to thank In The Neighborhood Deli for catering the open
house events in Aurora and Elgin and all the former staff and members of the
community who attended the open house events and helped celebrate the 50th
anniversary of AID.

AID Executive Director Lynn O'Shea said, "We are proud to have served
individuals throughout the Fox Valley for the past 50 years and are grateful for
the support we have received from the community during this time."

If you were unable to attend the open house events but are interested in
receiving a tour of an AID facility, call Kathy Hazelwood at (847) 931-2290.

For 50 years, the Association for Individual Development has provided services
to people who have developmental, physical and/or mental disabilities, those who
have suffered a trauma or those at risk. Serving more than 5,400 clients in 20
programs operating in 45 communities, AID is a leading provider of services that
address the unique needs of individuals throughout every stage of their lives. A
person-centered approach coupled with innovative practices ensures the highest
level of accomplishment. For information, visit www.the-association.org.

Summer Fun Raffle Basket: Make this summer better then ever with the Association
for Individual Development Summer Fun Raffle Basket. The basket is full of great
items that you can win by supporting AID. Tickets for the Summer Fun Raffle
Basket are $1 each or six for $5 with all proceeds going to AID programs and
services.

Summer Fun Raffle Basket includes 12 general admission tickets to Kane County
Cougars; 12 general admissions to Arlington Park; $25 gift certificate to
Jimmy's Charhouse; for summer reading an autographed book from Janet Evanovich
and assorted garden books; four Budweiser Ale glasses; 15-piece platter gift
certificate from Oswego Jimmy John's; Bread for a Year from Panera; six $5 gift
certificates from Colonial Cafe; and dinner for four from Wendy's. Some
restrictions apply.

The drawing is Thursday, June 30; winner need not be present.

Tickets are available at the Elgin AID Rehabilitation Center, 1135 Bowes Road or
the Thompson Center, 309 W. New Indian Trail Court in Aurora. For more
information, call Wendy at (847) 931-2294 or visit www.the-association.org.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Courtesy of AID AID Executive Director Lynn O'Shea, right, and AID
nurse Vicky Culver welcome state Rep. Keith Farnham, second from left, and Elgin
Mayor David Kaptain to the Elgin open house in honor of AID's 50th anniversary.
Courtesy of AID AID Executive Director Lynn O'Shea, right, and AID nurse Vicky
Culver welcome state Rep. Keith Farnham, second from left, and Elgin Mayor David
Kaptain to the Elgin open house in honor of AID's 50th anniversary.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             966 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Forward

                               November 12, 2010

Republicans Backtrack After Proposal on Aid to Israel Draws Heavy Criticism

BYLINE:

Contact Nathan Guttman at guttman@forward.com

SECTION: News; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 1118 words


'The press hyped...  off-the-cuff

comments into  something more  than intended.'

Virginia Republican Rep. Eric  Cantor has provoked heated  reaction with his
proposal that  American assistance to Israel be  taken out of the annual foreign
aid bill and be passed separately,  on its own  a suggestion that  appeared to
telegraph his party's  intention to significantly reduce  foreign aid now that
the GOP has  gained control of the House of  Representatives.

The roughly $3 billion a year  provided by the United States  for Israeli
military purchases is a  product of years of formal negotiations  and backroom
tweaking,  and tinkering with it raises  concern among pro-Israel lobbyists.
Moreover, raising the issue  as Cantor did, days before the  election, is viewed
as breaching  the bipartisan support for aid to  Israel, which traditionally
translates  to an easy passage of the  bill in Congress every year.

Cantor initially presented his  proposal in an October 24 interview  with JTA
and said it was  meant to protect aid to Israel  from possible cuts that aid to
other nations could face after  the GOP takes over the House.  Cantor, the only
Jewish Republican  in Congress, is expected to  become majority leader.

I'm hoping we can see some  kind of separation in terms of  tax dollars going to
Israel, said  Cantor, who noted that a GOPled  House could seek to deny  funding
from countries that are  deemed not to share American  interests, even if that
means voting  against the entire foreign aid  legislation.

But what was initially presented  as an effort to secure aid to  Israel from
changing winds in  Congress created a thunderstorm  on all sides, leading
Republicans  to begin gently to backtrack.

Democratic lawmakers, mainly  those who are involved in the  foreign
appropriations project,  lashed out at Cantor's proposal,

while also seizing on the opportunity  to make a last-minute election
statement.

This threatens foreign aid to  Israel, Florida Democrat Debbie  Wasserman
Schultz said in  an October 29 conference call  organized by the National Jewish
Democratic Council. She argued  that separating aid to Israel from  America's
entire foreign assistance  package would be a tremendous  disservice to Israel
and could cause it to dry on  the vine.

Her House colleague Steve Israel  from New York added that he  is concerned
about how the  new Tea Party Republicans will  vote on foreign aid, since many
of them share a belief that cutting  government spending also  requires making
cuts in foreign  aid, even though this aid comprises  only a tiny fraction of
the  federal budget. Cantor knows  what the consequences of having  these
extremists join the Republican  caucus will be, and that is  why he is floating
this trial balloon,  Israel said.

But while Democrats took  direct aim at Cantor's approach,  presenting it as a
sign of Republican  insensitivity to Israel's  needs, players on the receiving
end reacted cautiously. Jonathan  Peled, spokesman for the Israeli  Embassy in
Washington, said  Israel is examining the proposal.  We are in listening mode,
Peled said, adding that Jerusalem  has yet to hold discussions  on this issue.

The American Israel Public  Affairs Committee, the main  pro-Israel lobbying
force, took a  bolder approach, making clear  its opposition to the proposal.

For decades, annual U. S. foreign  assistance to Israel has been  one of the
most tangible expressions  of American support for  Israel and our country's
national  security interests. A robust  foreign aid budget is a strong  signal
of U. S. leadership around  the globe, spokesman Darren  Mackoff said. The AIPAC
statement  added, however, that Congressman  Cantor has always  been, and
continues to be[,] a  strong leader on the vital issues  surrounding the United
States  and Israel, as well as an ardent  supporter of U. S. foreign aid.

Israel has received more foreign  aid from the United States  than any other
country has after  World War II. From 1976 to 2004,  according to a recent
report  compiled by the Congressional  Research Service, it was the largest
annual recipient, although  Iraq has since taken first place.

Financial aid became a major  bilateral issue for Israel and the  United States
after Israel signed  its first peace accord with Egypt.  Wishing to promote
security and  stability in both countries, and  as a signal that taking risks
for  peace pays off, the United States  began providing both Israel and  Egypt
with significant foreign  aid, on a basis of A 3:2 ratio in  favor of Israel.
The aid has since  evolved, as the civilian assistance  portion of it was
gradually  phased out. Since 2008, Israel  receives only military assistance,
which will reach $3 billion in  2011. In addition to the military  aid, which
comes from the  State Department's foreign operations  budget, Israel receives
aid  for specific programs through the  Defense Department's budget.  These
programs include American  participation in the funding  of several missile-and
rocket-defense  systems.

Throughout the years, AIPAC's  lobbying efforts added other  perks to the aid
package: Israel  is the only recipient allowed  to spend a portion of its
military  aid on purchases within  the country; usually this kind of  aid is
designed for procurement  of American-made weapon systems.  Israel also receives
its aid  in the first month of the fiscal  year as a deposit in an
interest-bearing  account. Aid to all other  recipients is spread out throughout
the year.

Separating aid to Israel from  the foreign aid bill could require  renegotiating
the terms of the aid  and would require lobbyists to  build a new network of
ties with  the new committee that would be  put in charge of this issue.

But the major criticism of Cantor's  idea is that separating aid  to Israel
would make the country  more vulnerable, since Israel  would no longer be part
of a universal  cause of aiding America's  allies. Further down the road,  one
activist warned, this could  backfire.

The strong opposition to Cantor's  idea seems to have caused  Republicans to
recoil. A newsletter  sent out by the Republican  Jewish Coalition carried the
message that Republicans were  not planning major changes to  the foreign aid
budget.

There is nothing wrong with  contemplating changes in the  organization of
Congress's  appropriations panels, the RJC  newsletter stated. Nevertheless,
after conferring with top-level  staff at the Whip's office,  our best
information is that the  press hyped Cantor's somewhat  off-the-cuff comments
into something  more than intended, i. e., a  trial balloon.

Cantor's office did not respond  to questions from the Forward  regarding his
views on aid to  Israel.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: IMAGE: Rising Power:In an interview, Rep. Eric Cantor
suggestedapproving aid to Israel separately from the rest of the foreign
aidbudget. Republicans now say the comment was over-hyped.; gety images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2010 The Forward Association, Incorporated
                              All Rights Reserved


                             967 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Forward

                               November 12, 2010

Republicans Backtrack After Proposal on Aid to Israel Draws Heavy Criticism

BYLINE:

Contact Nathan Guttman at guttman@forward.com

SECTION: News; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 1118 words


'The press hyped...  off-the-cuff

comments into  something more  than intended.'

Virginia Republican Rep. Eric  Cantor has provoked heated  reaction with his
proposal that  American assistance to Israel be  taken out of the annual foreign
aid bill and be passed separately,  on its own  a suggestion that  appeared to
telegraph his party's  intention to significantly reduce  foreign aid now that
the GOP has  gained control of the House of  Representatives.

The roughly $3 billion a year  provided by the United States  for Israeli
military purchases is a  product of years of formal negotiations  and backroom
tweaking,  and tinkering with it raises  concern among pro-Israel lobbyists.
Moreover, raising the issue  as Cantor did, days before the  election, is viewed
as breaching  the bipartisan support for aid to  Israel, which traditionally
translates  to an easy passage of the  bill in Congress every year.

Cantor initially presented his  proposal in an October 24 interview  with JTA
and said it was  meant to protect aid to Israel  from possible cuts that aid to
other nations could face after  the GOP takes over the House.  Cantor, the only
Jewish Republican  in Congress, is expected to  become majority leader.

I'm hoping we can see some  kind of separation in terms of  tax dollars going to
Israel, said  Cantor, who noted that a GOPled  House could seek to deny  funding
from countries that are  deemed not to share American  interests, even if that
means voting  against the entire foreign aid  legislation.

But what was initially presented  as an effort to secure aid to  Israel from
changing winds in  Congress created a thunderstorm  on all sides, leading
Republicans  to begin gently to backtrack.

Democratic lawmakers, mainly  those who are involved in the  foreign
appropriations project,  lashed out at Cantor's proposal,

while also seizing on the opportunity  to make a last-minute election
statement.

This threatens foreign aid to  Israel, Florida Democrat Debbie  Wasserman
Schultz said in  an October 29 conference call  organized by the National Jewish
Democratic Council. She argued  that separating aid to Israel from  America's
entire foreign assistance  package would be a tremendous  disservice to Israel
and could cause it to dry on  the vine.

Her House colleague Steve Israel  from New York added that he  is concerned
about how the  new Tea Party Republicans will  vote on foreign aid, since many
of them share a belief that cutting  government spending also  requires making
cuts in foreign  aid, even though this aid comprises  only a tiny fraction of
the  federal budget. Cantor knows  what the consequences of having  these
extremists join the Republican  caucus will be, and that is  why he is floating
this trial balloon,  Israel said.

But while Democrats took  direct aim at Cantor's approach,  presenting it as a
sign of Republican  insensitivity to Israel's  needs, players on the receiving
end reacted cautiously. Jonathan  Peled, spokesman for the Israeli  Embassy in
Washington, said  Israel is examining the proposal.  We are in listening mode,
Peled said, adding that Jerusalem  has yet to hold discussions  on this issue.

The American Israel Public  Affairs Committee, the main  pro-Israel lobbying
force, took a  bolder approach, making clear  its opposition to the proposal.

For decades, annual U. S. foreign  assistance to Israel has been  one of the
most tangible expressions  of American support for  Israel and our country's
national  security interests. A robust  foreign aid budget is a strong  signal
of U. S. leadership around  the globe, spokesman Darren  Mackoff said. The AIPAC
statement  added, however, that Congressman  Cantor has always  been, and
continues to be[,] a  strong leader on the vital issues  surrounding the United
States  and Israel, as well as an ardent  supporter of U. S. foreign aid.

Israel has received more foreign  aid from the United States  than any other
country has after  World War II. From 1976 to 2004,  according to a recent
report  compiled by the Congressional  Research Service, it was the largest
annual recipient, although  Iraq has since taken first place.

Financial aid became a major  bilateral issue for Israel and the  United States
after Israel signed  its first peace accord with Egypt.  Wishing to promote
security and  stability in both countries, and  as a signal that taking risks
for  peace pays off, the United States  began providing both Israel and  Egypt
with significant foreign  aid, on a basis of A 3:2 ratio in  favor of Israel.
The aid has since  evolved, as the civilian assistance  portion of it was
gradually  phased out. Since 2008, Israel  receives only military assistance,
which will reach $3 billion in  2011. In addition to the military  aid, which
comes from the  State Department's foreign operations  budget, Israel receives
aid  for specific programs through the  Defense Department's budget.  These
programs include American  participation in the funding  of several missile-and
rocket-defense  systems.

Throughout the years, AIPAC's  lobbying efforts added other  perks to the aid
package: Israel  is the only recipient allowed  to spend a portion of its
military  aid on purchases within  the country; usually this kind of  aid is
designed for procurement  of American-made weapon systems.  Israel also receives
its aid  in the first month of the fiscal  year as a deposit in an
interest-bearing  account. Aid to all other  recipients is spread out throughout
the year.

Separating aid to Israel from  the foreign aid bill could require  renegotiating
the terms of the aid  and would require lobbyists to  build a new network of
ties with  the new committee that would be  put in charge of this issue.

But the major criticism of Cantor's  idea is that separating aid  to Israel
would make the country  more vulnerable, since Israel  would no longer be part
of a universal  cause of aiding America's  allies. Further down the road,  one
activist warned, this could  backfire.

The strong opposition to Cantor's  idea seems to have caused  Republicans to
recoil. A newsletter  sent out by the Republican  Jewish Coalition carried the
message that Republicans were  not planning major changes to  the foreign aid
budget.

There is nothing wrong with  contemplating changes in the  organization of
Congress's  appropriations panels, the RJC  newsletter stated. Nevertheless,
after conferring with top-level  staff at the Whip's office,  our best
information is that the  press hyped Cantor's somewhat  off-the-cuff comments
into something  more than intended, i. e., a  trial balloon.

Cantor's office did not respond  to questions from the Forward  regarding his
views on aid to  Israel.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: IMAGE: Rising Power:In an interview, Rep. Eric Cantor
suggestedapproving aid to Israel separately from the rest of the foreign
aidbudget. Republicans now say the comment was over-hyped.; gety images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2010 The Forward Association, Incorporated
                              All Rights Reserved


                             968 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Forward

                               November 12, 2010

Republicans Backtrack After Proposal on Aid to Israel Draws Heavy Criticism

BYLINE:

Contact Nathan Guttman at guttman@forward.com

SECTION: News; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 1118 words


'The press hyped...  off-the-cuff

comments into  something more  than intended.'

Virginia Republican Rep. Eric  Cantor has provoked heated  reaction with his
proposal that  American assistance to Israel be  taken out of the annual foreign
aid bill and be passed separately,  on its own  a suggestion that  appeared to
telegraph his party's  intention to significantly reduce  foreign aid now that
the GOP has  gained control of the House of  Representatives.

The roughly $3 billion a year  provided by the United States  for Israeli
military purchases is a  product of years of formal negotiations  and backroom
tweaking,  and tinkering with it raises  concern among pro-Israel lobbyists.
Moreover, raising the issue  as Cantor did, days before the  election, is viewed
as breaching  the bipartisan support for aid to  Israel, which traditionally
translates  to an easy passage of the  bill in Congress every year.

Cantor initially presented his  proposal in an October 24 interview  with JTA
and said it was  meant to protect aid to Israel  from possible cuts that aid to
other nations could face after  the GOP takes over the House.  Cantor, the only
Jewish Republican  in Congress, is expected to  become majority leader.

I'm hoping we can see some  kind of separation in terms of  tax dollars going to
Israel, said  Cantor, who noted that a GOPled  House could seek to deny  funding
from countries that are  deemed not to share American  interests, even if that
means voting  against the entire foreign aid  legislation.

But what was initially presented  as an effort to secure aid to  Israel from
changing winds in  Congress created a thunderstorm  on all sides, leading
Republicans  to begin gently to backtrack.

Democratic lawmakers, mainly  those who are involved in the  foreign
appropriations project,  lashed out at Cantor's proposal,

while also seizing on the opportunity  to make a last-minute election
statement.

This threatens foreign aid to  Israel, Florida Democrat Debbie  Wasserman
Schultz said in  an October 29 conference call  organized by the National Jewish
Democratic Council. She argued  that separating aid to Israel from  America's
entire foreign assistance  package would be a tremendous  disservice to Israel
and could cause it to dry on  the vine.

Her House colleague Steve Israel  from New York added that he  is concerned
about how the  new Tea Party Republicans will  vote on foreign aid, since many
of them share a belief that cutting  government spending also  requires making
cuts in foreign  aid, even though this aid comprises  only a tiny fraction of
the  federal budget. Cantor knows  what the consequences of having  these
extremists join the Republican  caucus will be, and that is  why he is floating
this trial balloon,  Israel said.

But while Democrats took  direct aim at Cantor's approach,  presenting it as a
sign of Republican  insensitivity to Israel's  needs, players on the receiving
end reacted cautiously. Jonathan  Peled, spokesman for the Israeli  Embassy in
Washington, said  Israel is examining the proposal.  We are in listening mode,
Peled said, adding that Jerusalem  has yet to hold discussions  on this issue.

The American Israel Public  Affairs Committee, the main  pro-Israel lobbying
force, took a  bolder approach, making clear  its opposition to the proposal.

For decades, annual U. S. foreign  assistance to Israel has been  one of the
most tangible expressions  of American support for  Israel and our country's
national  security interests. A robust  foreign aid budget is a strong  signal
of U. S. leadership around  the globe, spokesman Darren  Mackoff said. The AIPAC
statement  added, however, that Congressman  Cantor has always  been, and
continues to be[,] a  strong leader on the vital issues  surrounding the United
States  and Israel, as well as an ardent  supporter of U. S. foreign aid.

Israel has received more foreign  aid from the United States  than any other
country has after  World War II. From 1976 to 2004,  according to a recent
report  compiled by the Congressional  Research Service, it was the largest
annual recipient, although  Iraq has since taken first place.

Financial aid became a major  bilateral issue for Israel and the  United States
after Israel signed  its first peace accord with Egypt.  Wishing to promote
security and  stability in both countries, and  as a signal that taking risks
for  peace pays off, the United States  began providing both Israel and  Egypt
with significant foreign  aid, on a basis of A 3:2 ratio in  favor of Israel.
The aid has since  evolved, as the civilian assistance  portion of it was
gradually  phased out. Since 2008, Israel  receives only military assistance,
which will reach $3 billion in  2011. In addition to the military  aid, which
comes from the  State Department's foreign operations  budget, Israel receives
aid  for specific programs through the  Defense Department's budget.  These
programs include American  participation in the funding  of several missile-and
rocket-defense  systems.

Throughout the years, AIPAC's  lobbying efforts added other  perks to the aid
package: Israel  is the only recipient allowed  to spend a portion of its
military  aid on purchases within  the country; usually this kind of  aid is
designed for procurement  of American-made weapon systems.  Israel also receives
its aid  in the first month of the fiscal  year as a deposit in an
interest-bearing  account. Aid to all other  recipients is spread out throughout
the year.

Separating aid to Israel from  the foreign aid bill could require  renegotiating
the terms of the aid  and would require lobbyists to  build a new network of
ties with  the new committee that would be  put in charge of this issue.

But the major criticism of Cantor's  idea is that separating aid  to Israel
would make the country  more vulnerable, since Israel  would no longer be part
of a universal  cause of aiding America's  allies. Further down the road,  one
activist warned, this could  backfire.

The strong opposition to Cantor's  idea seems to have caused  Republicans to
recoil. A newsletter  sent out by the Republican  Jewish Coalition carried the
message that Republicans were  not planning major changes to  the foreign aid
budget.

There is nothing wrong with  contemplating changes in the  organization of
Congress's  appropriations panels, the RJC  newsletter stated. Nevertheless,
after conferring with top-level  staff at the Whip's office,  our best
information is that the  press hyped Cantor's somewhat  off-the-cuff comments
into something  more than intended, i. e., a  trial balloon.

Cantor's office did not respond  to questions from the Forward  regarding his
views on aid to  Israel.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: IMAGE: Rising Power:In an interview, Rep. Eric Cantor
suggestedapproving aid to Israel separately from the rest of the foreign
aidbudget. Republicans now say the comment was over-hyped.; gety images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2010 The Forward Association, Incorporated
                              All Rights Reserved


                             969 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                WGN-TV, Chicago

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             October 1, 2010 Friday

BRIEF: October 1: Midday Fix - AIDS Run & Walk Chicago

BYLINE: WGN-TV, Chicago

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 241 words


Oct. 01--AIDS Run & Walk Chicago

Saturday, October 2

Grant Park

AIDS Run & Walk Chicago is the largest AIDS-based outdoor fundraising event in
the Midwest. Since its inception in 2001, AIDS Run & Walk Chicago has raised
more than $3 million net to fight HIV/AIDS throughout the Chicagoland area. More
than 235 teams have joined forces to walk, run, and raise money this year,
embodying the event's theme: "I live. I give. I move."

Local AIDS service organization also benefit from AIDS Run & Walk Chicago
through the CommunityDirect Program. CommunityDirect is an AIDS Foundation
program in which 100% of all money raised by an HIV/AIDS service organization
team is returned directly to the participating agency. Since 2007, the AIDS
Foundation has returned more than $800,000 in fundraising to participating HIV/
AIDS service providers throughout Chicagoland. The average amount returned to a
CommunityDirect Team is $4,305.

To register for AIDS Run & Walk Chicago and learn more about the AIDS Foundation
of Chicago call: (312) 334-0946 or visit: aidschicago.org.

To see more of WGN-TV, go to http://www.wgntv.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, WGN-TV,
Chicago Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101001-5TB-BRF-October-1-Midday-Fix-AIDS
-Run-Walk-Chicago-1001-20101001

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5TB


                                 Copyright 2010


                             970 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           January 10, 2008 Thursday

Coutu feels Rite Aid's pain;
Quebec company's stake in suffering U.S. drugstore chain brings bad news for
investors

BYLINE: BERTRAND MAROTTE

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: CANADIAN; RETAIL: PHARMACIES; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 766 words

DATELINE: MONTREAL


Less than a year ago, senior executives were touting Jean Coutu Group (PJC)
Inc.'s 32-per-cent stake in U.S. pharmacy chain Rite Aid Corp. as a stellar
opportunity to reap big rewards from solid growth in the drugstore sector south
of the border.

The story - at least on paper - had its merits. Coutu's Rite Aid investment
certainly helped offset concerns over how exactly Coutu intended to expand its
Canadian drugstore operations beyond its limited Quebec base.

But Rite Aid, which is struggling to cope with fierce competition from bigger
rivals, has proven to be a singular headache so far for the Coutu family, which
holds a controlling position in the Longueuil, Que.-based Coutu chain.

Today, shareholders are likely to get their first glimpse at what Coutu plans to
do about the red ink and poor sales performance at Rite Aid when Coutu reports
second-quarter results and management hosts a conference call.

They have reason to be apprehensive. National Bank Financial analyst James
Durran signalled in a recent report that Rite Aid's problems could be far from
over, "with the economic outlook expected to strain discretionary spending" in
the U.S.

Coutu officials declined to comment, citing securities regulations that limits
statements ahead of the release of results.

Rite Aid, the third-largest U.S. chain drugstore, recently reported a
significant third-quarter loss and lowered its 2008 profit outlook. It followed
that up with a report of poor December same-store sales.

The announcements slashed 48 per cent off Rite Aid's share price. The value of
Coutu's investment in Rite Aid has been cut by more than half, with Rite Aid
stock trading in the $2.07 (U.S.) range, compared with about $6.55 in June.

The Rite-Aid gambit is Coutu's effort to salvage its failed attempt to become a
dominant player in the U.S. drugstore market. In June, Coutu closed a deal to
sell all of its 1,858 U.S. drugstores to Rite Aid, of Camp Hill, Pa., for
$2.36-billion in cash and the 32-per-cent position. The stores that Rite Aid
bought included Coutu's Brooks chain and its much bigger and more problematic
Eckerd network, acquired in 2004 for what was widely viewed as too steep a
price.

Now, Rite Aid is lagging behind its two key rivals -Walgreen co. and CVS
Caremark Corp. - in the fiercely competitive U.S. drugstore sector, and the
current economic slowdown isn't helping matters.

Mr. Durran has cut his Coutu target price to $12.50 (Canadian) from $15, largely
on Rite Aid's poor outlook. Michael Van Aelst of TD Newcrest has also reduced
his target, to $12.50 from $14.50, a reflection of the "dramatic decline in the
value of the [Rite Aid] shares over the past few weeks," he says in his latest
research.

While some analysts and observers have focused on Ride Aid's difficulties
integrating the Coutu stores, Andrew Wolf, an analyst at BB&T Capital Markets in
Richmond, Va., sees the major problems at the struggling giant as being more of
a structural nature.

Rite Aid, Mr. Wolf said, simply doesn't measure up in a crucial area: sales
productivity. This measure compares, for example, how many boxes of Band-Aids a
chain sells on a given amount of space, compared with a rival chain, he said.

"Rite Aid's core business and even the acquired stores have very low sales
productivity relative to their competitors," Mr. Wolf said.

Rite-Aid's roots in less-than-upscale areas continue to dog sales, Mr. Wolf
said. "This is not about the acquisition, it's about core positioning. Rite Aid
has too many smaller stores in lower-rent environments."

The Coutu family - led by president and chief executive officer François Jean
Coutu - has said it remains committed to Rite Aid as a strategic investment.

Mr. Coutu has lived the gyrations of the roller-coaster ride that the company's
U.S. foray has been.

Jean Coutu, his father and the founder and chairman of the chain, demoted him
from CEO to president and head of Canadian operations in 2005, after the Eckerd
acquisition of 2004 became troublesome. François Jean regained the CEO title
only last October.

And, starting today, he's likely to field increasingly pointed questions if Rite
Aid shares don't show signs of recovery.

Jean Coutu Group (PJC)

Close: $10.16, down 4¢

Store wars

U.S. drug stores compared

Non-drug sales

per square foot (2006 U.S.)

Rite Aid: $190

Walgreen Co.: $319

CVS Caremark Corp.: $284

Pharmacy sales

per square foot

Rite Aid: $3,723

Walgreen: $6,306

CVS: $5,231

NUMBER OF U.S. STORES

Rite-Aid: About 5,000

Walgreen: 6,148

CVS: About 6,200

Sources: Staff, BB&T Capital Markets, Bloomberg,

company reports

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             971 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            November 5, 2007 Monday
                                 First Edition

No development in aid argument

BYLINE: Alan Mitchell

SECTION: MARKET WRAP; Economic Briefing; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 624 words


Calls for John Howard to match Kevin Rudd on foreign aid are misconceived,
economics editor Alan Mitchell writes.

For Tim Costello, the answer to world poverty includes more foreign aid. He
bemoans the lack of bipartisan support for an increase in Australia's foreign
aid and has called on John Howard to match Kevin Rudd's pledge to lift aid by
0.2 per cent of gross domestic product (about $2 billion in 2007 dollars) by
2015.

But is he right? The only lasting solution to poverty is economic development.
But development economists have all but given up trying to demonstrate a link
between aid and economic development.

World poverty has fallen sharply because of the growth of per capita GDP in
China and India. But the dramatic economic development of these countries cannot
be linked to foreign aid. And nor, as development economist Bill Easterly
reminds us in a paper published in the American Economic Review, can economic
development almost anywhere else. "South Korea is often cited [as an example of
development being driven by foreign aid], but it took off after aid was reduced
and the Koreans disregarded the advice of the aid donors," he says.

Other supposed examples of aid successfully driving development are Ghana,
Uganda and Mozambique. But, Easterly says, the rapid growth of these countries
is more likely to be the temporary consequence of the depth of their previous
economic collapse.

Of course everyone acknowledges the problem of establishing the counterfactual:
growth in Africa may have been much worse without aid. But there are also plenty
of reasons to believe that foreign aid has little effect.

Easterly points out that lump-sum transfers do not change the incentives at the
margin to invest. And in a world of globalised financial markets, it is probably
truer than ever that any country where the incentives to invest are attractive
does not need aid, and any country without the incentives to invest will not use
the aid for investment.

Often, of course, aid is directed at the countries with the slowest growth and
least attractive investment climate. When that is done, it is usually in the
hope that the recipient government will use the opportunity to make its economy
more attractive to private investors.

But in recent years, economists have highlighted the perverse political
incentives associated with foreign aid. Very large flows of foreign aid can
result in less government accountability because the governing elites are less
dependent on their own citizens to raise revenue.

Where governments rely on the support of tribal or ethnic groups, the military
and their urban elite, the political priority may be to maintain the consumption
of the elite rather than to increase investment and reduce poverty reduction.

In that political environment, even conditional aid may be squandered by
exploiting the fungibility of money. Aid money for rural roads, schools and
health clinics can be used to increase the size of the military budget or to
provide tax cuts for the urban elite by a simple mechanism: the government cuts
its own spending on roads, health and education by the exact amount of the aid.

All this does not amount to an argument for giving no foreign aid. But it does
mean that quality - carefully chosen goals and close management - is at least as
important as quantity. And it underscores a point that Costello has made in the
past: trade is better than aid. In the case of Australia and the Pacific
micro-states, probably the best gift Australia can give will be to open its
borders to their unskilled guest workers.

We lecture the world on the benefits of free trade in services. Why not allow
these countries to export the labour services of their farm labourers and other
unskilled workers?

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2007 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             972 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Timaru Herald (New Zealand)

                             October 1, 2007 Monday

NZ legal aid costs up in comparison

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 508 words


Bureaucracy is being blamed for New Zealand taxpayers having to pay about a
third more to fund legal aid than Australians.

Figures show that each New Zealander's share of the $118 million bill for legal
aid in 2006 works out to $29.75, compared to $22.80 in Australia.

Other countries vary from Finland, which pays $7.17 per person, to England and
Wales, which pays $108.

The comparisons were decried as "inherently unreliable" by Justice Minister Mark
Burton but National's associate justice spokeswoman Kate Wilkinson said cost to
New Zealand taxpayers is already likely to have ballooned because in March this
year the Labour-led government altered the eligibility of legal aid to include
an extra 435,000 people.

"There are now 1.2 million New Zealanders entitled to legal aid. This will be
based on the old figures so I'd imagine the difference will get even greater,"
Ms Wilkinson said.

But she said legal aid pay rates were so low that half of the 2000 Family Court
lawyers who used to do legal aid work a year ago are no longer prepared to do
so, putting at risk women who need legal aid to seek protection orders from
violent partners.

"I think we've got a challenge with legal aid because we have a situation where
lawyers are simply not doing legal aid work and certainly in some of the
provincial areas, it's hard to get a legal aid lawyer for domestic protection
orders," she said.

"This is threatening access to justice."

Ms Wilkinson said that while legal aid rates remained low, the Legal Services
Agency, which administers legal aid, had increased in size by half to about 220
staff.

"Money spent on the bureaucracy is money that's not spent on lawyers, enabling
New Zealanders to use the justice system," Ms Wilkinson said.

Mr Burton defended the increased eligibility and the increase in staff at the
LSA, saying Ms Wilkinson's stance would inevitably result in delays processing
applications.

"It is necessary that the Legal Services Agency has sufficient staff to ensure
that legal aid applications and payments are processed in a timely manner," he
said.

"Work is well advanced on the remuneration review for lawyers involved in the
legal aid scheme. This Government makes no apology for ensuring that those on
low or modest incomes have access to legal aid as our first funding priority
before we moved on to look at the hourly rates for lawyers doing legal aid
work."

LSA service contracts manager Margaret Pearson said they were aware that in some
areas, it is difficult and sometimes impossible to find a family lawyer willing
to do legal aid work.

"A system has been established where people can contact their legal aid office
who will help them find a legal aid lawyer," she said.

"The latest figures are, excluding those undertaking mental health work, that
there were 922 lawyers doing family legal aid work on the 05-06 year and there
were 900 lawyers doing family legal aid work in the 06-07 year."

She defended the increased number of staff at the LSA, saying it was needed
because of the increased eligibility.

n Fairfax Christchurch

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             973 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Asia Pacific - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                              July 10, 2006 Monday

WHO experts say China needs greater efforts on AIDS control

LENGTH: 540 words


Text of report in English by official Chinese news agency Xinhua (New China news
agency)

Beijing, 10 July: Despite lower estimated figures and stronger political
commitment, China still faces challenges in HIV/AIDS control, said an expert
from the World Health Organization (WHO) Monday [10 July].

The government had made some achievements in fighting HIV/AIDS in terms of
high-level political commitment and the initiation of effective prevention,
treatment, care and support programmes, said Dr Wiwat Rojanapithayakorn, HIV/
AIDS team leader in the WHO's Beijing office.

"The country has got one agreed HIV/AIDS action framework that drives alignment
of all partners, one national AIDS authority with a broad-based multi-sector
mandate and one agreed country-level monitoring and evaluation system," Wiwat
said in a presentation at a regional conference.

However, China still needed to scale up effective interventions and eliminate
the widespread stigma of sufferers. It should also mount an effective AIDS
response in the context of a weak healthcare system, the expert told the Beijing
Conference on East Asian Regional Cooperation in the Fight Against HIV/AIDS,
Tuberculosis and Malaria.

China has 650,000 people living with HIV/AIDS, including 75,000 with clinical,
or fully developed, AIDS, Wiwat cited the 2005 Update on the HIV/AIDS Epidemic
and Response in China as saying.

The former version of the report released in 2003 estimated China had 840,000
HIV infections including 80,000 AIDS patients.

Last year, there were 25,000 AIDS deaths and 70,000 new HIV infections recorded
by the Ministry of Health.

Moreover, China had a large population at risk of HIV, he warned.

Between 30 million and 50 million people were at risk of HIV, and the sex
industry and sexual activity were increasing while levels of condom use remained
low, he said, adding that the country also had a large migrant population of up
to 120 million people.

China had been taking action in fighting HIV/AIDS, said Wu Zunyou, director of
the national centre for AIDS/STD (sexually transmitted diseases) control and
prevention under the national Centre for Disease Control and Prevention.

It has strengthened surveillance and testing by setting up 329 national
surveillance sites, 2,850 free testing clinics and 3,756 screening labs.

In 2004 and 2005, China carried out an HIV testing campaign among high risk
groups. "About eight per cent of infections were identified before the campaign
and 22 per cent after it," Wu told the conference.

Moreover, the central government had established an AIDS working committee in
all provinces, and promulgated a national regulation on AIDS prevention and
control, said Wu.

However, experts said the control of HIV/AIDS needed more financial support and
public awareness, and more care for AIDS-afflicted families.

"By 2010, China will have limited people living with HIV/AIDS to no more than
1.5 million," Wu said, citing the new Five-Year Action Plan (2006-2010).

Participants from East Asian countries are gathering in Beijing to discuss
cooperation in the control of HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria. Six million
people die of the diseases around the globe each year.

Source: Xinhua news agency, Beijing, in English 1518 gmt 10 Jul 06

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2006 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             974 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     October 13, 2005 Thursday Home Edition

ATLANTA: AIDS Walk aims to alert the young

BYLINE: H.M. CAULEY

SECTION: DeKalb; Pg. 7JB;

LENGTH: 420 words


Among the approximately 12,000 people expected to take part in Sunday's AIDS
Walk Atlanta will be many who share something in common with Celeste Courville.

In the 15 years the walk has been held, Courville has been involved for 14,
motivated by the memory of close friends who succumbed to the disease.

"There were four of us who all hung out together, took trips together and were
friends for a long time," said Courville. "Then one of them died the first year
that the walk was started. That got me involved, and I've stayed involved ever
since."

Over the years, the Alpharetta resident has done just about every job a
volunteer can do for the event, from stuffing envelopes to setting up the stage.

"The first opportunity we have to get the word out is during the Pride Weekend
in June," she said. "I get involved then and stay with it until the end. The
thing that's so important now is education for future generations, as well as
the memory of all my friends who have passed away from AIDS/HIV."

The walk has always been a draw for people commemorating the death of a loved
one or friend, said AID Atlanta director Kim Anderson.

"But what's so exciting now is to see that it has become a diverse community
event," Anderson said. "There are people from all walks of life, from intown and
as far north as Forsyth [County] and as far south as Macon. It not only points
to the diversity of Atlanta; it reminds us that this epidemic has touched so
many people around the world."

The walk is a significant fund-raiser as well. Anderson said this year's goal is
$1 million that will benefit AID Atlanta and other area organizations, including
AID Gwinnett, the AIDS Research Consortium of Atlanta, AIDS Survival Project,
AIDS Treatment Initiatives, Atlanta Interfaith AIDS Network, the Marcus Jewish
Community Center and Project Open Hand. These groups work with almost 27,000
Georgians living with HIV/AIDS, which makes the state the eighth most infected
in the country.

The statistics also make the importance of education a high priority among most
AIDS groups, Anderson said.

"There are so many new cases of HIV/AIDS in people under the age of 25 that it
tells us we have a whole generation that believes they're invincible," she said.
"They haven't seen the devastation of AIDS. A walk like this is a great way for
us to engage young people and educate them."

Participants in the walk and this year's new 5K run will follow a track that
meanders through and around Piedmont Park.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AIDS Walk Atlanta Participants gather at the starting line for a
previous AIDS Walk. This year's event is likely to draw 12,000. SUNDAY'S WALK >
Check-in begins at noon at the Monroe Drive and 10th Street entrance to Piedmont
Park. > The opening ceremonies are at 1:15 p.m. > Runners take off at 1:45 p.m.;
follow at 2. > Details on registration and volunteering are at
www.aidswalkatlanta.com, or call 404-876-9255.

                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             975 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            South China Morning Post

                                December 1, 2003

Small steps on the road to averting a catastrophe

BYLINE: Aids activist Wan Yanhai is finally seeing real effort in China's fight
to stem the disease, writes Alonzo Emery

SECTION: Pg. 15

LENGTH: 1160 words


What a difference a year makes. In August of 2002, Dr Wan Yanhai, founder of
China's vanguard Aids advocacy group, Aizhi Action Project, was in prison on
dubious charges of leaking state secrets. Now, the controversial Aids activist
is in the more distinguished position of being a World Fellow at Yale
University's Centre for Globalisation, in honour of his work fighting Aids in
China.

In March 1994, Dr Wan helped establish the Aizhi Action Project in Beijing as a
non-governmental organisation (NGO) undertaking HIV/Aids-related education,
service, research and advocacy. Aizhi initially focused on Aids prevention, safe
sex education and advocacy for gays, lesbians and bisexuals in China.

Renamed Aizhixing Health Education Institute, the group has extended its work to
financial assistance, legal aid and raising Aids awareness among drifting
migrants, students, drug users, prostitutes, gays and lesbians.

Aizhixing often faced criticism from the public and the government because of
its work with China's most marginalised groups. "In general, our relationship
with the government in past years was intense and shaky," Dr Wan said.

But despite rocky relations with officials, the attention that Aizhixing and
other NGOs have drawn to the spread of HIV/Aids is starting to pay off.
Recently, significant shifts in government attitudes have given Aids activists
hope that China can avoid what the United Nations last year ominously labelled
"China's Titanic Peril": the spread of HIV/Aids on a scale tantamount to many
African nations.

The UN Aids Programme estimated that by 2010, China could have as many as 20
million Aids sufferers. However, in what Dr Wan called "a step in the right
direction", the central government has begun to take the threat of Aids more
seriously by sponsoring several Aids conferences last month attended by world
leaders and dignitaries, including former United States president Bill Clinton.

For Aids sufferers, however, the most important boost is the recent government
endorsement of the creation of generic Aids drugs and, in a pilot project, the
dispensing of drugs to Aids patients.

The pilot project promises free treatment with anti-retrovirals, the "Aids
cocktail" that can significantly extend a patient's life. The project will cover
about 5,000 patients in four provinces by the end of the year and may be
replicated across the country, according to officials. However, many of these
patients would not have contracted the disease had they not taken part in the
country's notorious blood-selling schemes.

In its application for US$ 100 million in UN Aids funding last year, Beijing
acknowledged for the first time that at least 250,000 people in seven provinces
had contracted Aids by selling blood. For activists such as Dr Wan, this
admission was not enough to wipe the slate clean.

He called for guarded approval and financing of China's recent Aids initiatives.
"If you give China money, then you should require they add human rights
protections. If you don't stand with the Aids activists and empower them, these
funds may be corrupted," Dr Wan said.

Medical experts such as Dr Wan fear that the drug treatment programme will
suffer from myriad logistical problems. Recent reports suggest that many of
those who began taking the anti-retrovirals have already quit, complaining of
vomiting, headaches and other negative side effects.

Often, there are no doctors in villages to help patients take their medication
daily, and even those at the nearby hospitals lack the training and lab
equipment to monitor patients and fine-tune treatment.

Dr Wan believed that NGOs could help maximise treatment through "greater
education and training, the use of the internet and advocacy by NGOs who can
monitor and follow up on the treatment programmes".

However, in some cases, the government seemed unwilling to allow NGOs such as
Aizhixing to watch too closely. "We have submitted proposals to monitor the
work, but permission is difficult to obtain," Dr Wan said.

In the long run, the Aids drug experiments may also face more budgeting
problems, particularly if the number of infected in China continues to climb.
According to Dr Wan, "China's new treatment policy is a great commitment and
what we want to see, but cost-effective methods should also be used, like
importing drugs from India, where medication costs 2,000 yuan (HK$ 1,880)
annually per person , as opposed to the current 6,000 yuan in China."

Dr Wan said that this shift would make drug-treatment programmes more
sustainable in the long term. He also feared that emphasis on anti-retrovirals
might create a public perception of these drugs as cures.

Among those beyond the reach of drug benefits are Aids orphans who already have
lost their parents and may also be sick. The Ministry of Health estimated that
Aids orphans in China numbered at least 100,000. The National Centre for Aids
Prevention and Control predicts that by 2010, the figure could reach anywhere
between 138,000 and 260,000. Nevertheless, an Aizhixing survey found only 1.8
per cent of these children received government subsidies for education and basic
needs.

While the government focuses its spending on anti-retroviral drugs, Aizhixing
has begun to provide a range of services to Aids orphans. "We will start a
program by ourselves assisting children with daily expenses and keeping them in
school, but we would rather see government-run foundations take the lead," Dr
Wan said.

"In dealing with the Aids crisis, we want to be a good helper to the government,
if they are willing to take the leadership."

However, he said that even these seemingly altruistic efforts were often
thwarted. Dr Wan claimed that when Aizhixing tried to provide subsistence
support and to disseminate information, "at every step, we have faced harassment
and have been under surveillance and warned to stay away, and the donations we
collected for orphans were sometimes confiscated".

Dr Wan said he had to resort to more "controversial" methods of drawing
attention and aid to his cause, such as inviting foreign reporters to severely
Aids-stricken areas where media access was restricted. "We try our best to be
co-operative, but sometimes it is necessary to be unco-operative and we don't
hesitate to criticise the government if we think it will help people," he said.

But Dr Wan is not always critical of the government, and recent initiatives have
led to a more harmonious relationship between his group and authorities. "The
government used to think we were confrontational. But it is changing its view
and we now have a licence to continue our advocacy work in China."

And for Dr Wan that means being able to carry out his work and spread
information to the community. "Without public involvement and community
initiatives, China will be fighting a losing battle against the pandemic," he
said.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Wan Yanhai supports the central government's new Aids initiatives

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 2003 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                             976 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               February 28, 2003 Friday 0 South Pinellas Edition

Homeowners policy may cover lost hearing aid

BYLINE: NANCY PARADIS

SECTION: FLORIDIAN; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 929 words


The beginning of this year we read in the newspaper about the hearing aids that
don't take batteries. My husband is 91 years old, wears hearing aids, and
sometimes he has trouble putting the little batteries in and taking them out
because they are so small.

We thought it might be a lot easier for him if he didn't have to work with the
batteries, so we checked with Ann Jones at MicBro-Audiology Hearing Aid Center
in New Port Richey. We saw her Jan. 13 and, since we were going on a cruise Jan.
18, said we'd see her when we got back. She said that would not be necessary,
that she could have the aids for us in two to three days. We gave her a $1,095
down payment and paid another $1,095 when we picked them up Jan. 16.

When we got them home, my husband said they didn't fit right; they were too big.
We returned to the Hearing Aid Center the next day, and Ann Jones said to go off
and enjoy our cruise and come back upon our return. She said the fit could be
adjusted then by taking off a little bit that was resting on the outside of the
ear.

On the way to the ship, I noticed my husband was wearing only one hearing aid.
When I asked him about this, he said he had put both in. I figured maybe the
missing one had been left at home.

During the life jacket exercise, my husband nearly lost the other hearing aid. A
ship employee mentioned that hearing aids shouldn't just fall out. At that point
I realized he had had both aids in when we left the house and that it had
probably fallen off in the bus when he fell asleep. All we know is hearing aids
shouldn't just fall out.

When we got home from the cruise, we went back to the Hearing Aid Center. Ann
Jones said there was nothing she could do about the missing hearing aid, that it
must have fallen out. She made another mold of his ear, the one for which he
still has his aid. She took his hearing aid and said she'd call us. We haven't
heard from her yet. My husband has been wearing hearing aids for nine years and
never had one fall out before. Please help. Dorothy Wells

Response: Ann Jones, audiologist with MicBro-Audiology Hearing Aid Center in New
Port Richey, said you picked up the hearing aids Jan. 16. Your husband did not
complain of fit at that time, only the volume, which was adjusted. You returned
the following day for another volume adjustment and again, no mention was made
of the hearing aids not fitting properly.

It wasn't until you returned from your cruise on Jan. 27 that you alleged there
was a bad fit and that this had caused the loss of the right hearing aid. She
said she offered to adjust the remaining, left, hearing aid, which was returned
to you Feb. 7, right around the time you wrote to Action.

Jones said she is very sorry, but there is nothing she can do about the lost
hearing aid. Some manufacturers offer loss and damage insurance with a
deductible, but you did not have this. If you have homeowners insurance, we
suggest you contact your agent to find out if your policy would cover this loss.


Rental refund received

My wife, Frances, and I sold our home and moved into Baypoint Village retirement
and assisted living facility in Hudson in May 2001. The monthly rent was $2,363
($1,838 basic, plus $525 for a second person). Frances died Aug. 28. I had
already paid my September rent and was informed by the front office that an
adjustment of $525 would be made on my October billing.

Although the facility did delete the $525 from the October billing, it failed to
credit me with the $525 I had paid for September. I paid my October rent based
on the $1,838 basic rent and deducted from that amount the $525 due me from
September.

During this period, I decided to move from Baypoint and submitted my 30-day
notice that it was my intention to move Oct. 16. Again, I was told by the front
desk that I would be reimbursed for the unused days of occupancy. At the $1,838
rate, 16 days of occupancy would be approximately $980.16, leaving a balance of
$857.84 due me.

I have visited Baypoint several times to inquire into the status of my refund,
only to be told that refund checks are issued by the corporate office in
California. I feel enough time has passed to clear this matter from the books.
Any assistance you may be able to give is appreciated. R.L. McKernen

Response: Calvin Nash, vice president of marketing in Baypoint Village's
corporate office, ARV in Costa Mesa, Calif., said your refund was not handled as
expeditiously as it should have been. You were due a refund for the amount you
expected, and he said it would go out to you immediately. Thanks for letting us
know you have received it.

Action solves problems and gets answers for you. If you have a question, or your
own attempts to resolve a consumer complaint have failed, write Times Action,
P.O. Box 1121, St. Petersburg, FL 33731, or call your Action number, (727)
893-8171, or, outside of Pinellas, toll-free 1-800-333-7505, ext. 8171, to leave
a recorded request.

Requests will be accepted only by mail or voice mail; calls cannot be returned.
We will not be responsible for personal documents, so please send only
photocopies. If your complaint concerns merchandise ordered by mail, we need
copies of both sides of your canceled check.

We may require additional information or prefer to reply by mail; therefore,
readers must provide a full mailing address, including ZIP code. Names of letter
writers will not be omitted except in unusual circumstances. Letters may be
edited for length and clarity.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: ACTION

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 2003 Times Publishing Company


                             977 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            December 1, 2002, Sunday

AS AIDS SPREADS, ITS VOICE GETS QUIETER

BYLINE: BY E.R. SHIPP

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 778 words

Back when 17,000 AIDS cases had been reported nationwide - and New York City
accounted for a third of them - people suspected of having AIDS would be refused
treatment by some medical personnel, landlords and employers kicked them out,
families turned their backs and ex-wives used the remote possibility that a
former husband might become infected as grounds for seeking court orders denying
them the right to visit their children. But we've come a long way from that
time.

For a while, AIDS was the talk of the town - from protests to benefits to
experimental treatments. But AIDS has dropped off the radar for most of us, it
seems, just when it is exploding as an issue around the world and when blacks
and Latinos in this country have become the new face of AIDS.

Coincidence? I think not.

Some 42 million people have HIV, according to the United Nations' AIDS
organization, UNAIDS - and 5 million of those people were infected last year.

In New York City, upward of 140,000 have HIV or AIDS. But, according to the
health commissioner, only about 75,000 of those people know that they are
infected. Some may suspect it; others are clueless.

The most surprising trend here, as it is worldwide, is that HIV and AIDS among
women is outpacing that among men. You can especially see that in New York City
jails.

I came across a 1991 clipping the other day that was a reminder of where we were
just a decade ago, when black Americans were just opening their eyes to what was
happening, focusing initially on some of their most talented on stage and screen
or in the church choir loft.

Pernessa Seele, God bless her, had corralled enough church folk to pull off a
benefit concert in Harlem. A participating Broadway performer, Hinton Battle,
was quoted as saying: "I am afraid to pick up the phone, sometimes. If I haven't
heard from someone in a long time, I know it isn't good news."

We've moved a bit beyond whispering about whether someone has AIDS, but we've
also arrived at a time when the fight is not as noisy or assertive as it was
when gay white men were the face of AIDS and a sense of urgency was inescapable.

"I think black folks have not just been very vocal in our neighborhoods," says
Seele, founder and director of the nonprofit Balm in Gilead. "In the 1980s, the
white gay community made all the noise. Now their voices have gone away, and the
people with the problem - people of color - haven't made their voices heard. We
are doing more work in our community, but we are not making a lot of noise
nationally."

And thus, for many Americans who once paid attention, today, World AIDS Day, is
a nonoccasion. But AIDS hasn't gone away. The problems associated with AIDS -
from health care to orphaned children - have not gone away; indeed, they've
multiplied.

Recognizing that, many churches are focusing on AIDS today. BET, the
black-oriented cable network, since Friday has devoted hours of programming to
AIDS that continues through tomorrow. And Tuesday, blacks and Latinos in Harlem
will march along 125th St. and hold a rally at the State Office Building.

That burst of visibility should make more people aware, but for people like
Ofelia Barrios, the director of programming for a coalition of AIDS-related
organizations in upper Manhattan, "World AIDS Day is every day."

"For us," she said, "HIV/AIDS is a state of emergency because our communities
are being affected in disproportionate numbers in New York City."

While AIDS is no longer something from which we run in this country, the same
cannot be said for other nations. While this year's World AIDS Day theme - Live
and Let Live - sounds like a James Bond movie, in reality it is meant to urge
governments, industry and nonprofits to do all they can to assure that people
with HIV/AIDS can get proper medical attention as well as improved basic living
conditions - and that others do not use the illness as justification for
ostracizing those with the disease or even brutalizing and killing them.

There is no Jerry Lewis of AIDS, but perhaps the rap musician Sean (Puffy) Combs
is gearing up for such a role. After a recent tour of South Africa, where he and
singer Alicia Keys headlined a concert to be broadcast by MTV today, he
declared: "I don't think you see enough of this story in your face." If you know
what's going on and do nothing about it, he said, "you are almost an accessory
to the genocide."

Yes, we've come a long way, baby. But AIDS hasn't been licked, even though that
fact may seem like a secret, as quietly as it's being kept.

E-mail: eshipp2002@hotmail.com

Current face

of the illness isn't gay,

but black,

Latino

and female

E.R.

SHIPP

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMNOPINION

                        Copyright 2002 Daily News, L.P.


                             978 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     DECEMBER 1, 2000 Friday CWEST EDITION

QUILT DISPLAY, VIGIL AND TALK TO RENEW AWARENESS OF AIDS CHESTER COUNTY
OBSERVANCES WILL MARK WORLD AIDS DAY. THE DISEASE GETS LESS ATTENTION, BUT IS
STILL ON THE INCREASE.

BYLINE: Nicole Barnes-Nelson, INQUIRER SUBURBAN STAFF

SECTION: NEIGHBORS CHESTER & BRANDYWINE; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 570 words

DATELINE: WEST CHESTER


Local HIV and AIDS organizations plan to use today, World AIDS Day, to remind
people that the deadly disease is still on the rise.

Activities including a candlelight vigil, an AIDS quilt display, and panel
discussions at high schools are planned around Chester County.

"We want to draw awareness to the issue," said Julie Phillips, HIV/AIDS
prevention-education specialist at Chester County AIDS Support Services. "Too
often, many people forget the AIDS epidemic is still going on, because it is not
in the news as frequently. We want people to know it is still an issue."

Chester County AIDS Support Services began in 1987. It provides support to
people living with HIV and AIDS and their families. It also provides counseling
and outreach programs to high schools.

The organization will hold a candlelight vigil at West Chester University at 5
p.m. at the Sykes Student Union. Dan Daniels, the executive director, and a
person living with AIDS are among the speakers who will speak at the ceremony.

"HIV/AIDS is totally preventable," Phillips said of the message the group plans
to send tonight. "But until people realize it affects them, I don't think we
will see a drop in the rate."

As of July 31, there were 379 reported cases of AIDS in Chester County. Of those
cases, 84 percent are males, according to information provided by the county
Health Department. That information also indicates that 178 cases involve
whites, 174 blacks, and 27 Hispanics. As of Sept. 30, there were 23,977 cases of
AIDS statewide.

World AIDS Day began in 1988 following the World Summit of Ministers of Health
on Programs for AIDS Prevention. The day was designated to heighten awareness
and open channels of communication.

Cheyney University will have the National AIDS Quilt on display from 10 a.m. to
3 p.m. today as part of its observance. This is the second time the university
has displayed the quilt - 1996 was the first.

"Cheyney University is displaying the [quilt] not only in recognition of World
AIDS Day, but also to help educate and raise prevention and awareness about the
devastating disease," said W. Clinton Pettus, president of the university.

The university also holds prevention and education seminars throughout the year,
said M. Patricia Clifford, director of communications at the university.

Camp Dream Catcher, a support group for children who are living with HIV/AIDS or
those who have family members with the disease, plans to have a counselor
participate in a panel discussion today at Westtown School. The counselor, whose
mother died of AIDS, will talk about her own experience.

Every summer for the last five years, children have spent a week at the camp in
southern Chester County. Throughout the year, there are retreats and seminars.
The camp serves children ages 5 to 13. Teens ages 14 to 16 serve as counselors
in training.

"There is a misconception that HIV and AIDS are not a problem anymore," said
Patty Hillkirk, executive director of the camp. "Every year, the number of kids
affected and infected by HIV and AIDS increases."

This summer, 85 children attended the camp. When the camp started five years
ago, 53 children attended.

The camp will also host a reunion tomorrow as part of its World AIDS Day
observance at Westtown School, where 30 campers and counselors are expected to
attend.

Nicole Barnes-Nelson's e-mail address is nbarnes@phillynews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2000 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             979 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                    Sunday Herald Sun (Melbourne, Australia)

                             July 23, 2000, Sunday

AIDS: A HISTORY

SECTION: NEWSFRONT; Pg. 52

LENGTH: 602 words


1981: The US Centres for Disease Control reports an unusually high number of
requests for the drug pentamidine. This is used to treat pneumocystis carinii
pneumonia, a rare viral infection. The patients are gay men and drug addicts in
the LA area.

1982: A virus tagged the gay plague is also infecting heterosexual drug users
and haemophiliacs. The virus is called AIDS.

1983: An American and a French scientist receive credit for discovering the
virus that causes AIDS. It is called HIV.

The first Australian death from AIDS is reported in Melbourne.

1984: US health minister Margaret Heckler promises a vaccine for AIDS within two
years and a cure before the end of the decade.

1985: Rock Hudson (left) dies from AIDS. American teenager, Ryan White, is
banned from school. Ryan, a haemophiliac, became infected with AIDS through
contaminated blood products. AIDS is now in 51 countries.

1986: The World Health Organisation (WHO) meets to discuss the spread of AIDS in
drug users. A drug, AZT, originally tested as a cure for cancer, is approved for
use against AIDS. US President Ronald Reagan (right) finally says the word "AIDS
" in public.

1987: The US Surgeon General, C. Everett Koop, sends out a brochure to every
American household (107 million in total) talking about how HIV is transmitted.

Diana, Princess of Wales, is pictured shaking hands with people with AIDS.

1988: Los Angeles Lakers basketballer Magic Johnson announces his retirement due
to HIV infection.

A summit is held in London to discuss AIDS.

1989: Another new drug, DDI, becomes available for the treatment of AIDS.

1990: Ryan White dies. Romanian orphanages report large numbers of children with
HIV.

CONTINUED page 53

1991: The lead singer of Queen, Freddie Mercury, dies from AIDS. The red ribbon
becomes the symbol of AIDS awareness.

1992: Tennis star Arthur Ashe announces he was infected with HIV after a blood
transfusion.

1993: Ballet star Rudolf Nureyev dies of AIDS in January. Ashe dies in February.

1994: Actor Tom Hanks (left) wins an Oscar for playing a gay man dying of AIDS
in the film Philadelphia.

1995: The joint United Nations program on AIDS (UNAIDS) replaces the WHO global
program.

1996: UNAIDS reports a decline of HIV infections in many countries because of
safer sex practices.

1997: Work continues on better drugs for the treatment of AIDS. In Melbourne,
the Macfarlane Burnet Centre receives a $1 million grant to develop a DNA-based
vaccine.

1998: It is reported that 11 men, women and children are infected with HIV every
minute.

1999: WHO says the number of new HIV infections this year is 5.6 million.

July 2000: Former South African President Nelson Mandela (right) addresses the
International AIDS conference in South Africa. In a report by Ed Susman, on The
Health Network medical WebMD site, Mandela says: "Scientists, governments and
communities must end the rhetoric about what causes AIDS and work together to
battle the disease that is ravaging the developing world. There is a need for us
to be focused, to be strategic and to mobilise all our resources and alliances
and to sustain the efforts until the war is won.

"We need African resolve to fight this war. Others will not save us if we do not
primarily commit ourselves.

"Let us not equivocate. A tragedy of unprecedented proportions is unfolding in
Africa. AIDS is claiming more lives than the sum total of all wars, famines and
floods."

Sources: The Health Network (www.thehealthnetwork. com) and the AIDS education
and medical research charity, AVERT (www.avert.org.com).

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: SHS

                   Copyright 2000 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             980 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                        MAY 11, 2000 Thursday SF EDITION

AIDS THREATENS TO STEAL MORE OF S. AFRICA'S FUTURE AS MORE YOUNG PEOPLE ARE
INFECTED, MANY WORRY THAT PRESIDENT MBEKI IS WASTING TIME DEBATING HIV'S LINK.

BYLINE: Huntly Collins, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1015 words

DATELINE: JOHANNESBURG


South Africa's AIDS epidemic is spreading rapidly among young people, a new
report shows, and medical workers here worry that efforts to combat the disease
are being hampered by President Thabo Mbeki's public skepticism that AIDS is
caused by the HIV virus.

New data released today show the virus - which has afflicted 4.2 million people
in South Africa, or one-tenth of the population - is growing fastest among the
young. More than 60 percent of new infections are occurring in people 15 to 25
years old, according to a study by Abt Associates of South Africa Inc., an
international consulting firm.

Of those HIV-positive young people, half are expected to die before their 35th
birthday, the report said. Teenage girls and young women of childbearing age are
the hardest hit, with infection rates much higher than among men.

"We are looking at another lost generation," said Malcolm Steinberg, an
epidemiologist and chief executive at Abt who led the study, titled "The
Impending Catastrophe."

South Africa already ranks eighth in the world among countries with the highest
HIV/AIDS infection rates, and researchers fear the nation may soon pass some of
its African neighbors in that deadly accounting.

The new study - the first to provide a detailed analysis of the epidemic's
impact on particular age groups and on education and training needs of the
country - provoked increased concern among health-care professionals already
discouraged by the time, energy and money Mbeki is putting into an international
investigation of whether HIV causes AIDS, an issue that was considered settled
by most scientists almost two decades ago.

Dr. Glenda Gray, who is conducting clinical trials of anti-AIDS drugs among
HIV-positive pregnant women at Chris Hani Baragwanth Hospital in the sprawling
township of Soweto, said Mbeki's flirtation with the idea that HIV might not be
the cause of AIDS forced her staff to go back and re-counsel women who had
already signed up to participate in a key trial.

The health-care workers assured the women that HIV is the cause of AIDS and that
the drugs being tested to prevent mother-to-child transmission of the virus had
no serious side effects, she said.

The Abt study, based on the government's annual collection of blood samples from
pregnant women who attend prenatal clinics across the country, also underscores
the toll that AIDS will take on particular segments of the South African
workforce.

The epidemic is expected to wipe out large segments of the very people who are
needed to fight the scourge - teachers, health professionals and government
workers, the report warns.

"I am losing two teachers a month [to AIDS]," said Ralph Usinga, superintendent
of a school district of 1,200 teachers in South Africa's Northern Province near
the Zimbabwe and Mozambique borders. He said the losses posed major problems
because he could not find qualified replacements.

Despite unemployment rates that range as high as 40 percent in some areas, many
of the professionals being lost to AIDS cannot be replaced because most of the
unemployed are unskilled, according to economists.

"What we are effectively talking about is a long-wave disaster," said Alan
Whiteside, a health economist at the University of Natal who heads a center that
is studying the impact of AIDS on particular segments of the South African
economy.

Whiteside is a consultant to a South African company, which he declined to name,
that employs 5,000 people, 28 percent of whom are infected with HIV. Most of
those infected are veterans in skilled positions, he said. "The company does not
know what to do," he said. "I don't know what to do."

Dr. Mantombazana Tshabalala-Msimang, South Africa's health minister, defended
the government's response to the AIDS epidemic. In a briefing with American
reporters last week, she said it was critical that South Africa "get it right"
as it decides how best to spend its limited resources in curbing the spread of
HIV.

AIDS experts and people on the front lines of the epidemic say that AIDS is
clearly the number-one threat to public health, here and in other parts of
sub-Saharan Africa. In just the last few months, AIDS deaths have passed those
from malaria, previously the leading killer among infectious diseases.

Despite the growing threat from HIV, Mbeki is pushing an inquiry into a
fundamental premise on which nearly all AIDS prevention and treatment is based -
the scientific evidence that HIV is the cause of AIDS.

Last weekend, to the chagrin of his own research establishment and AIDS experts
around the world, Mbeki assembled a group of 30 scientists to spend the next two
months reexamining the evidence that HIV causes AIDS. About half of the group is
made up of AIDS dissidents, a group of scientists who have been trying for years
to gain a platform for their unorthodox view that HIV does not cause AIDS.

Mbeki, who spent years in exile when the African National Congress was banned by
South Africa's white apartheid government, has made the issue a political one,
asserting that the dissidents' right to free speech demands they be heard.

Mary Crewe, director of the Center for the Study of AIDS at the University of
Pretoria, called Mbeki's interest in pseudo-science "very dangerous," saying she
feared it would paralyze the government's already inadequate response to AIDS.
"Clearly, Mbeki's own AIDS education has failed," she said.

Government officials counter that Mbeki has not said that HIV doesn't cause
AIDS. They also point out that the government has not halted its HIV prevention
programs or stopped financing research into AIDS vaccines since the controversy
erupted.

For Mercy Makhalemele, a Johannesburg-area woman who is infected with HIV,
Mbeki's pursuit of the HIV-doesn't-cause-AIDS theory is largely irrelevant. In
recent years, she has lost her husband and her 2-year-old daughter to AIDS.

"I don't know who is right and who is wrong," she said. "All I know is that my
family died of AIDS."

Huntly Collins' e-mail address is hcollins@phillynews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHART

                  Copyright 2000 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             981 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      APRIL 6, 1999 Tuesday SFCITY EDITION

AIDS DATA OFFER HOPE, OFFICIALS SAY

BYLINE: Marie McCullough, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 445 words


The number of new AIDS cases in Philadelphia fell last year across all
demographic groups for the first time since AIDS cases peaked in 1993, according
to city health officials.

Officials said the latest numbers offer more evidence that HIV infection may be
turning into a chronic illness that can be controlled for many years before it
progresses to AIDS - when patients' immune systems collapse, leaving them
vulnerable to deadly infections.

"We have no evidence that HIV-infection rates are declining, but we have fewer
people progressing to AIDS and fewer people dying of AIDS," said Joseph
Cronauer, codirector of the city's AIDS Activities Coordinating Office. "The way
it looks now, HIV is turning into a chronic but manageable disease."

AIDS cases were similarly down in the eight suburban Philadelphia counties,
which account for about a fourth of all cases in the region, according to health
department data.

The decline in AIDS incidence shows the impact of advances in medical treatment
for HIV and improved access to that treatment, officials said. AIDS patients now
tend to fall into two categories: those who do not seek treatment soon after HIV
infection because of barriers to testing or medical care and those whose
treatment has failed.

Cronauer said the city received $2 million more in federal funding for HIV
testing and outreach last year. The health department is targeting minority
communities, where barriers to testing and care have proven toughest.

"The decline in AIDS is not as pronounced in communities of color," Cronauer
said.

Last year, 909 cases of AIDS were reported in Philadelphia - marking a 24
percent drop from the previous year's 1,191. In 1993, the peak year, 1,708 cases
were reported.

Among subgroups:

* Women accounted for 235 new AIDS cases. Although women represent only about a
quarter of AIDS cases in the city, last year was the first time that AIDS cases
in this group had fallen since 1993.

* White men who had sex with other men accounted for 88 new AIDS cases, a 39
percent decrease. African American men who had sex with other men had 152 new
cases, a 33 percent decline.

* All age groups showed a one-year decline, with the greatest reductions among
people in their 20s and 30s.

* All modes of transmission showed a one-year decline. The number of new AIDS
cases fell 34 percent among men who had sex with other men, 20 percent among
intravenous drug users, and 17 percent among heterosexuals.

According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, AIDS deaths across
the nation, which peaked in 1994 and 1995, dropped a dramatic 44 percent in the
first half of 1997.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHART

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             982 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               THE LAWYERS WEEKLY

                                October 16, 1998

Ontario introduces legal aid legislation

BYLINE: Elizabeth Raymer

SECTION: Vol. 18, No. 22

LENGTH: 667 words


TORONTO-Ontario is getting ready to establish a new agency to administer legal
aid.

On Oct. 6, provincial Attorney General Charles Harnick introduced the Legal Aid
Services Act, 1998 in the provincial legislature The bill would create Legal Aid
Ontario, an independent organization to administer legal aid services.

"Everyone agreed that after 30 years without significant change, it was time to
reinvent legal aid, and that a new organization was the best way to create a
better legal aid plan to deliver high-quality services," Harnick said in a press
release.

The Law Society of Upper Canada voted last February to give up administration of
the plan after extensive study.

Its review of the plan was chaired by Osgoode Hall Law School professor John
McCamus, whose report recommended the plan be administered by an independent
body.

Over the past three decades, the demand for legal aid has changed significantly,
and between 1989 and 1994, the plan's spending doubled.

The plan's current yearly budget is $230 million.

If the government's bill is passed, Legal Aid Ontario would issue legal aid
certificates and fund legal aid clinics. The Ontario government would provide
the agency with a guaranteed budget for the first three years of its operations,
with funding set at the same amount as for 1998.

The new organization would not be in a conflict of interest position with the
government, which prosecutes the majority of legal aid cases, or the legal
profession, the attorney general's office maintained.

Legal Aid Ontario would be governed by a board of 11 directors from across the
province, chosen from the public, the business and legal communities, and legal
aid recipients. Five of the directors would be nominated by the attorney general
and five by the law society, with the chair appointed by the attorney general
following a nomination process.

"It's very much...in the best interests of the public and profession that this
goes forward at the earliest opportunity,"Harvey Strosberg, treasurer of the Law
Society of Upper Canada, told The Lawyers Weekly.

The set-up of the new board, which will consist largely of non-lawyers with an
equal number selected by government and the law society, would provide a
mechanism for assuring independence, Strosberg said.

He added, however, that he hoped funding would be increased in the area of
immigration and refugee law cases, and said federal Minister of Justice Anne
McLellan had promised to look into it.

The independence of the new board might also help increase lawyers'legal aid
tariffs.

"When we spoke about the need to improve legal aid and increase what lawyers are
paid to deliver legal aid services, we were accused of naked self-interest,"said
Toronto lawyer Frank Marrocco, chair of the law society's Government and Public
Affairs Committee and member of the Legal Aid Committee.

"Hopefully, [Legal Aid Ontario] will speak more effectively to...resources that
have to be made available to deliver legal aid services to poor people in
Ontario."

A section of the bill also recognizes the importance of the private Bar,
Marrocco said. "I think especially the criminal Bar was concerned that they
didn't have a proper voice"in the administration of the legal aid plan, he said,
adding he hoped that would be rectified by the new corporation.

Katherine McLeod, a vice-president of the Criminal Lawyers'Association and chair
of its legal aid committee, said her organization was pleased the legal aid
certificate model would continue.

But, she added, "I'm a little concerned that out of the [present] budget, pilot
projects are going to have to be funded... I guess our one consistent concern
has been whether or not the current budget can provide high-quality service as
well as financing pilot projects."

Upon passage of the bill, Legal Aid Ontario would likely begin operation on
April 1, 1999, following the expiry of the government's current Memorandum of
Understanding with the law society.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright © 1998 LexisNexis Canada Inc.


                             983 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                September 19, 1997, Friday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

Nation's AIDS rate slows, but Georgia and South trail

BYLINE: FROM STAFF AND NEWS SERVICES

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 08A

LENGTH: 477 words


For the first time since the national AIDS crisis, the number of new cases fell
substantially from the previous year, federal officials reported Thursday, a
week after announcing another first: a dramatic drop in deaths from the disease.

Last year, 56,730 people were diagnosed with AIDS, a 6 percent drop from the
60,620 new cases in 1995, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said.
CDC officials attributed the drop to better prevention and treatment of HIV in
early stages, before it progresses to AIDS.

"We are seeing for the first time . . . a substantial decline in AIDS
incidence," said Patricia Fleming, CDC's chief of HIV/AIDS reporting and
analysis. "That's very good news."

The federal report did not provide state figures, but Georgia Department of
Human Resources officials said new AIDS cases in the state rose during the same
period that they fell nationally. In 1995, 2,276 new AIDS cases were reported in
Georgia, compared to 2,424 in 1996, officials said.

But Dr. John Beltrami, who conducts AIDS surveillance for the DHR, said the AIDS
epidemic may be starting to level off in Georgia as well, based on reports for
the first six months of 1997.

"Although the numbers increased from 1995 to 1996, the numbers in the first half
of 1997 are lower than the first half of 1996," he said, noting there were 1,001
new AIDS cases reported in Georgia between January and July 1 of this year. "If
that trend continues, it could mean the epidemic in Georgia is plateauing or
decreasing."

The decline in new U.S. cases swept through every region of the country. AIDS
cases fell 12 percent in the West, 10 percent in the Midwest, 8 percent in the
Northeast and 1 percent in the South. The greatest drops were among gay men and
gay men who inject drugs ---11 percent and 15 percent, respectively. There also
were fewer new cases among heterosexual men and women who inject drugs.

However, AIDS diagnoses rose 19 percent among black men and 12 percent among
black women. And the number of women diagnosed with AIDS after having sex with
infected men rose 7 percent.

The CDC announcement was the latest in a series of mostly encouraging reports on
the national AIDS front this month. Federal officials reported just last week
that deaths from the disease fell 26 percent, from an estimated 50,140 deaths in
1995 to about 38,780 in 1996. The decline was attributed to better treatment and
prevention efforts.

Also, University of Alabama-Birmingham researchers announced Tuesday that the
first of a new class of AIDS drugs, known as T-20, blocked reproduction of the
AIDS virus in a small group of patients tested.

In its report Thursday, the CDC estimated 235,470 people with AIDS were living
in 1996. Gay men account for half of those, followed by heterosexual men who
inject drugs and women infected through sex with men.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                             984 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      July 30, 1995, Sunday, Final Edition

AIDS Patients Paying A Price for Longevity; As Treatments Help Prolong Life,
They Also Protract the Challenges

Don Colburn, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg.  A01

LENGTH: 2685 words


Fifteen years into the AIDS era, people infected with the virus are living years
longer than the epidemic's early victims. But the price of those added years is
often a tenuous existence marred by bouts of illness, drug side effects,
financial worries and all the other realities of living with a fatal, chronic
disease.

Early hopes for rapid discovery of a medical cure have largely faded. Although
many promising experiments are underway in laboratories and drug trials, their
outcomes are uncertain. Meanwhile, the nation must face a more mundane and
sometimes overwhelming task: taking care of legions of patients who are growing
old before their time.

"AIDS is a lot like geriatrics," said Hank Carde, 48, who was diagnosed with
AIDS in June 1990. "You've got to embrace life."

Every day, the retired naval officer takes eight or nine different medicines.
When he feels well enough, he goes out to do volunteer work for AIDS-related
organizations, fighting fatigue and side effects of his medicines, such as
headaches and nausea. Several times a week, he commutes to the National
Institutes of Health to receive chemotherapy for an AIDS-related cancer.

Living with AIDS, he said, is "like living in a house with all the doors and
windows open" in a high-crime area. "Theoretically you could live forever -- or
an opportunistic infection could come in the door and kill you tomorrow."

For people with the illness, and for the doctors who care for them, AIDS
presents an energy-draining sequence of challenges -- medical, social and
emotional -- that crop up relentlessly over the months and years.

"Patients are living longer -- and having far more problems than they did in the
past," said Donald M. Poretz, an infectious disease specialist at Fairfax
Hospital.

"In 1985, people went into the hospital and died five days later without a
diagnosis of [AIDS-related pneumonia] even being made until the autopsy was
done," said Peter Hawley, medical director of Whitman-Walker Clinic, the largest
provider of AIDS services in the District. "That almost never happens today."

But despite the bewildering complexity of the disease caused by the human
immunodeficiency virus (HIV), many researchers say they feel more optimistic
than they did a few years ago. Experts compare the state of AIDS treatment now
to the opening skirmishes of the war on cancer in the late 1960s, a time when
doctors were first learning how to combine chemotherapy drugs to achieve better
survival. They are hopeful that combinations of drugs that work against the
virus will be found to boost life expectancy and at the same time improve
quality of life.

Making It 'Manageable'

"I think we're approaching a time when HIV is going to look much more like a
long-term, chronic, manageable disease than it does now," said Jack Killen, head
of the AIDS division at the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious
Diseases.

A symbol of the epidemic's early years was actor Rock Hudson, who in 1985
shocked the world by disclosing he had AIDS -- and died two months later. One of
the most prominent symbols of the second decade of AIDS is basketball star
Earvin "Magic" Johnson, who announced he had HIV, the virus that causes AIDS, in
November 1991. Three months later Johnson was named the most valuable player in
the NBA All-Star Game, and the following summer he led the U.S. "Dream Team" to
a gold medal in the Barcelona Olympics.

The median time between infection with HIV and diagnosis with actual disease is
about 10 years. That means half of all HIV-positive people come down with AIDS
in less time than that; half take longer. The median time between an AIDS
diagnosis and death is about two years.

Thus, a person can expect to live 12 years or more after becoming infected with
the virus -- about twice the life expectancy of an HIV-infected person in 1985.

But despite this improvement in life expectancy, more people are dying of the
disease. AIDS has become the leading cause of death for Americans in the prime
of life, ages 25 to 44. Researchers attribute most of the increase in life
expectancy to the availability of treatments for AIDS-related infections, not to
medicines that fight the virus itself. While various drugs appear to be active
against HIV, no one has yet proven conclusively that any of these antiviral
drugs extends life and health. Nor has research defined the best way to combine
such drugs or determined at what stage of illness they should be administered to
maximize the potential benefit.

There is also a growing "knowledge gap" between HIV-positive people who closely
follow AIDS research and have access to doctors with the latest findings, and
those who don't. The former are often white men, and the latter are often
blacks, Hispanics or poor women, who make up a growing proportion of AIDS cases.

"There is still a stigma," said Alberto Avendano, medical director for the
National Association of People With AIDS in Washington. "Among gay, white,
middle-class Americans, it's nothing to be ashamed of. In African American and
Latino communities, if you die from AIDS, your family still tries to say, 'He
died of lung cancer.' "

Many people are infected for years without realizing it, potentially spreading
the virus and perhaps missing the chance to take antiviral drugs at a point in
the disease when they might have a better chance of prolonging survival. Public
health authorities believe that more than half of the estimated 1 million
HIV-positive Americans do not yet know they are infected.

The increased longevity is for some patients a mixed blessing: People with AIDS
need more care and help than ever before. Patients who 10 years ago would have
died within a few months of AIDS-related pneumonia are surviving longer but
suffering more disabling complications, including dementia, cancer, depression
and intractable vomiting or diarrhea. More patients are going blind from
retinitis or wasting away from an inability to digest food.

The complications are economic as well as medical. The direct medical costs of
treating HIV infection and AIDS were $ 6.6 billion in 1994, according to the
Public Health Service's Agency for Health Care Policy and Research. The
estimated lifetime cost of treating an HIV-positive person from infection until
death is $ 119,000, according to a 1993 study by agency economist Fred J.
Hellinger.

The National Commission on AIDS reported in 1991 that 29 percent of AIDS
patients were covered by private health insurance, 40 percent by Medicaid, 2
percent by Medicare, and 29 percent had no health insurance. Even insured
patients have huge out-of-pocket expenses at a time when they often cannot work.

AIDS care has become at least as much a matter of social work as medical
treatment, said Joan Lewis, vice president of the D.C. Hospital Association.
"We're seeing people who live a long time with a chronic disease, needing social
services in many ways akin to the conditions of old age."

Internal Tug of War

HIV gradually disables the body's immune system by targeting CD4 T cells, the
white blood cells that orchestrate the body's response to infections.

The CD4 cell count -- the number of cells per microliter of blood -- has become
a standard measure of an HIV-infected person's stage of infection. A healthy
person has a CD4 cell count in the 1,000 range. The count in an HIV-infected
person typically falls by 60 to 100 T cells a year, but an individual may not
develop serious symptoms of AIDS until the count drops below 200. A person with
a CD4 cell count below 50 is in the advanced stage of AIDS.

Drugs may slow the progression to AIDS, but none have been shown to stop it.
Eventually, AIDS leaves its victims defenseless against infections that a
healthy immune system would fight off.

"What's happening is, we're not seeing any breakthroughs," said infectious
disease specialist Poretz. "There's no polio vaccine coming out that's going to
handle this disease. It's an incremental process of many little steps that allow
us to treat AIDS as a chronic illness, with lots of medicines."

Some of Poretz's patients are taking 10 or 15 different medicines in a constant
tug-of-war with their disease.

"AIDS is the only disease I've ever treated where you don't replace one
medication with another," he said. "You add. And you add and you add and you
add. You keep trying anything to suppress the disease."

Hank Carde said his CD4 cell count these days is around 10: "They each have
names, that's how few there are," he jokes. He considers the nearly 20 pills
that he takes each day a relatively manageable number; a few years ago, he took
as many as 40.

"All are toxic," Carde said. "That's part of having AIDS: You take your pills
and live with the nausea, the headaches, the diarrhea. It's the cost of keeping
going."

Four drugs active against the virus have been approved by the Food and Drug
Administration: AZT, ddI, ddC and d4t. All have shortcomings, including
potentially severe side effects, and none can be taken for long. Used in
combination, they seem to help some patients, although exactly how to prescribe
them -- or even when to start treatment -- remains a medical judgment call. When
the approved drugs stop working, many patients face the dilemma of whether to
enroll in studies to test experimental drugs -- and of which study to enroll in.

Most AIDS experts agree that the increasing longevity of AIDS patients is due
less to AZT and other anti-HIV drugs than to better treatment of the
opportunistic infections that prey on their stricken immune systems. In the
early days of the epidemic, most AIDS patients died of a pneumonia called
Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia, or PCP. Today, several drugs are available to
help prevent or control PCP. It is one of the biggest success stories of AIDS
treatment.

In all, the FDA has approved 15 drugs for treatment of AIDS-related illnesses.
Those include such medications as ganciclovir and foscarnet to help prevent the
blindness caused by a viral infection that afflicts AIDS patients, rifabutin to
treat a common bacterial infection that produces chronic diarrhea, and
fluconazole to treat fungal meningitis and thrush.

Experts also agree that some of the apparent increase in longevity is a mirage.
With the advent of a test for HIV in 1985, people could find out about their
infection long before symptoms appeared. Some of the apparent lengthening of
survival after diagnosis with HIV infection may result simply from that earlier
start of the prognostic time clock.

And while some of the increase is clearly real, people with the disease remain
vulnerable to opportunistic infections, as well as to AIDS-related cancers. Any
patient in the late stages of AIDS is at risk from even common bacterial
infections.

"Instead of dying of massive opportunistic infections like PCP, they're dying
bit by bit," said Richard A. DiGioia, a District internist with a large AIDS
practice.

The Treatment Puzzle

Until scientists discover drugs that control the AIDS virus by keeping it from
reproducing at each stage of its progression, "ultimately we lose," DiGioia
said. "Yes, people are living longer, but if we're talking about doing, for
example, what insulin did for diabetes, we're not anywhere close yet."

Many researchers are more optimistic, and dozens of labs around the world are
pursuing different experimental strategies for defeating the virus. But
scientific success is not the only critical factor; price is also important.
Many in the AIDS community are wondering what will happen if a drug is devised
that is enormously effective but enormously expensive, because cost of care is
already a sensitive issue nationwide.

Painfully hard decisions arise about how intensively to treat a terminally ill
patient when treatment is costly and its effectiveness uncertain.

For some patients who are wasting away because they can no longer digest or keep
down regular food, the only alternative is a form of intravenous feeding called
total parenteral nutrition, or TPN. But TPN is not always effective and is meant
to be used only as a brief emergency stopgap. Its costs can run as high as $
30,000 a month.

Poretz said he and his colleagues try not to use TPN except as a last resort. A
few years ago, he said, he would have ruled it out altogether for AIDS patients.
"But when you have a young guy who wants to go back to work and has lost 40 or
50 pounds and is wasting away and says, 'Do something for me,' and you know TPN
might help him. . . . The question is: How much do you do for an individual who
has a fatal disease? Is it reasonable to do this for a week? Two weeks? A month?
Six months? A year? Those are philosophical questions I have no good answer
for."

Despite the public perception of rapid death in AIDS patients, most people with
AIDS "die a long, lingering death, usually related to malnutrition as much as
anything else at the end," Whitman-Walker's Hawley said. "There comes a point
when, between you and the patient, you decide it's pointless to go on. The
patient says, 'I don't want any more treatment.' It may be a period of weeks or
months of going downhill."

AIDS patients used to be admitted to the hospital as soon as they were
diagnosed. Often they were diagnosed in the late stages of the disease, when
they already were very sick.

That pattern has changed dramatically, said Sandra Butcher, director of social
work and quality management at George Washington University Medical Center.
"Patients are hospitalized for the complications, not for the disease itself,
which is primarily treated as a chronic outpatient condition."

GW hospital no longer holds regular inpatient support groups for AIDS patients,
Butcher said, because most patients are taken care of on an outpatient basis,
and the ones who are hospitalized are usually too sick to attend.

Keeping a Home

As in every aspect of medicine, there is growing pressure from insurance plans
to keep patients out of the hospital and care for them in less intensive and
less expensive settings. That may make fiscal sense, but doctors and social
workers say it can also make care difficult for patients with as many
complications as AIDS patients face.

People who take care of AIDS patients are increasingly concerned with the
challenge of providing them what Butcher calls "the ordinary necessities of
life," such as housing, housekeeping, cooking, laundry, transportation. It's
less exciting than the quest for a vaccine, Butcher said, but no less vital to a
person with a fatal, debilitating, chronic illness such as AIDS.

About half of people diagnosed with AIDS have to move within a year, because
they can no longer afford their homes or care for themselves, or both. Yet for
people with AIDS, nursing home care "remains one of the least accessible
options," according to the five-year comprehensive plan compiled in 1992 by the
District's Agency for HIV/AIDS. Only six AIDS patients were admitted to a
District nursing home between 1986 and 1989, and none in the following three
years, the plan reported. The Whitman-Walker Clinic has referred only one person
with AIDS to a D.C. nursing home in the past 18 months, clinic officials said.
Placement in nursing homes outside the District has increased but remains
difficult for very sick AIDS patients, they said.

One factor is the low level of Medicaid reimbursement. AIDS patients require
more staff time and expensive care than most other patients in nursing homes.
The cost of their care typically runs between $ 250 and $ 500 per day. In the
District, Medicaid reimburses nursing homes between $ 80 and $ 190 per day, with
no special rate for care of AIDS patients.

Another deterrent is that every District nursing home has a waiting list for
patients who lack insurance.

"It's a waiting game," said Pauline Bourgeois, former director of AIDS services
for the Whitman-Walker Clinic. "And with AIDS you can't wait."

Tomorrow: Experimental drugs

Staff writer Justin Gillis contributed to this report.


LOAD-DATE: July 30, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart, The Washington Post; Photo, juana arias; Illustration, The
Washington Post, FOR MORE INFORMATION: Treatments for HIV and AIDS - General
information and referrals: Call 1-800-342-AIDS, a U.S. government hot line
staffed 24 hours. For Spanish speakers, call 1-800-344-7432 from 8 a.m. to 2
a.m. For the deaf, use a TDD to call 1-800-243-7889.  - Clinical trials:
1-800-TRIALS-A is a government hot line that can provide detailed information on
ongoing research studies. Open Monday to Friday, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. For the deaf,
use a TDD to call 800-243-7012. International callers use 301-217-0023.  -
Directory: The National AIDS Clearinghouse can answer questions about prevention
and research. It can send various publications, including one free copy of a
written directory of HIV and AIDS treatment options published by the American
Foundation for AIDS Research. Call 1-800-458-5231, English or Spanish.  -
Treatment information: The Carl Vogel Center in Washington distributes
information on conventional treatments, nutrition and some alternative
treatments, and sponsors workshops. Call 202-638-0750 Tuesday through Saturday
from noon to 6 p.m., Wednesday till 9 p.m. The Whitman-Walker Clinic in
Washington, 202-797-3500, provides an extensive array of AIDS-related services;
hours are 9 to 6 Monday through Friday. AIDS Action Baltimore, 410-837-2437,
publishes a treatment bulletin. Project Inform of San Francisco, 1-800-822-7422,
will send a packet of treatment information.  Hank Carde, with doctor Howard
Stark on left, on AIDS: "Theoretically you could live forever -- or an
opportunistic infection could . . . kill you tomorrow." THE CHANGING FACE OF
AIDS WHO IS AT RISK Among adults, men who have sex with men still represent the
largest group of AIDS cases, but they no longer account for a majority.
Proportion of all cases 1985 1994 Men who have sex with men 73% 44% People who
inject drugs 17 27 Men who have sex with men and inject drugs

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                             985 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 1, 1993, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

AIDS task force to tackle red tape

BYLINE: Judi Hasson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 253 words


The Clinton administration Tuesday announced a plan to marshal forces in an
effort to speed up the AIDS fight.

A 15-member task force taken from government, the pharmaceutical industry,
medicine and AIDS sufferers is intended to accelerate discovery of drugs to
combat AIDS and cut the red tape for approval.

Said Health and Human Services Secretary Donna Shalala: "It is time to refocus
and re-energize our best minds for a concerted attack on this killer."

More than 1 million Americans are infected with HIV, the virus that causes AIDS
- the nation's eighth-biggest killer that's claimed 200,000 lives.

Wayne Turner, a member of ACT UP, a militant AIDS action group, noted there have
been two AIDS commissions in previous administrations and called the task force
"more smoke and mirrors."

"Where's the Manhattan Project? . . . Where's the action?" he demanded.

Other AIDS activists were more receptive.

Said playwright Larry Kramer, who is HIV-positive: "I don't consider the
formation of another panel as anything more than window dressing, but I'm
hopeful because there are good people involved."

Clinton adviser Bob Hattoy, who spoke about his battle with AIDS at the
Democratic Convention, said, "What we need is a war on AIDS, and this will be
hopefully an attempt to get the best minds together to conduct that war."

Tonight, joining groups across the USA in observance of World AIDS Day, first
lady Hillary Rodham Clinton will darken floodlights outside the White House for
15 minutes.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

See related story; 02A

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             986 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  November 17, 1993, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Adults are just as eligible for aid, advisers say

BYLINE: Pat Ordovensky

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 7D

LENGTH: 1124 words


Adults looking at college, frightened by the cost and confused about financial
aid prospects flooded USA TODAY's College Admission and Financial Aid Hot Line
last month seeking advice.

They were reassured by financial aid officers from U.S. campuses that age
doesn't matter when grants and loans are issued.

Experts answering phones said non-traditional students - 25 or older - were
among the most frequent callers. Many thought they have no hope of financial
help.

Gail Palladino of Atlanta, who wants to enter college after years in the work
force, asked if aid is only available for young folks.

"You may qualify for all types of aid - Pell Grants, Stafford Loans, anything -
regardless of your age," said Joe Wilson, aid counselor at Georgetown
University. "Eligibility rules are the same for everyone."

Allison Corant, 32, of New York City, who wants to quit her job and go to
school, was advised to project future earnings on the application besides
reporting last year's income.

"That will increase your chances," said Wendy Beckemeyer of Missouri's Cottey
College. "The financial aid director can use professional judgment to decide
your need will be greater than if you were still working."

The common-thread advice: Adults should visit the college financial aid office
to talk about what aid is available.

Other hot line answers:

Q. I'm divorced. I've heard different stories about whether my ex-husband's
income will be considered for my child's financial aid. What's right? - Laura
Sanucchi, Chicago.

A. It varies by college. Income of the custodial parent and any step-parent is
required to be reported on the application for federal aid programs. But many
colleges, usually the high-priced private schools, want to know the
non-custodial parent's income in awarding their own scholarships. - Frank
Valine, U. of Maryland.

Q. How soon should I apply for financial aid? - Bonnie Bryson, Boston.

A. As soon as possible after Jan. 1. If you wait too long, the college's own
scholarship money might be gone. - Michelle Gross, Coppin (Md.) State College.

Q. Does having more than one child in college affect your financial aid? -
Sharon Blackman, Fort Walton Beach, Fla.

A. Yes. The aid process determines the amount your family must contribute. That
contribution is divided equally among all family members in college. So the more
enrolled, the greater each student's financial need will be. - Robin
Famiglietti, Eckerd College (Fla.).

Q. If my wife goes to college full time will that affect my eligibility for aid?
- Mike Ward, Indianapolis.

A. If your wife goes to school, you get more help. The amount you're expected to
pay will be split between you and your wife; (so) your need is greater. -
Famiglietti.

Q. I'm retiring from the military and want to go to nursing school. What are my
chances for aid? - Bill Messinger, Yuma, Ariz.

A. Excellent. You've got three things working: retired military are in demand by
many colleges, you're a male entering a female-dominated profession and there
are special scholarships for nursing students. Attach a letter to your aid
application explaining your financial picture. - Marleen Ingle, U. of North
Carolina-Greensboro.

Q. I'm legally blind. Can I get aid because of this? - Paul Wright, Portland,
Maine.

A. There may be some scholarships for blind students. Ask your financial aid
office. But the major aid programs are based on financial need, not disability.
- Valine.

Q. I have a bachelor's degree but now want to take additional courses to qualify
for med school. Can I get aid? - Anthony Turner, Birmingham, Ala.

A. You must be pursuing your first bachelor's degree to be eligible for most
aid. But some low-interest loans are available. Talk to your college financial
aid office. - Lynell Shore, Lebanon Valley College (Pa.).

Q. Is it true some colleges are no longer accepting students who need financial
aid? - Anne Finley, Long Island, N.Y.

A. A few admit that they consider an applicant's ability to pay after their
scholarship money runs out. Others do it, but don't admit it. But most colleges
are still "need-blind," admitting qualified students without regard to their
finances. Ask the college you are interested in about its policy. - Rita
Detweiler, Roanoke (Va.) College.

Q. If my son applies for early admission, will his aid be affected? Will he lose
bargaining power? - Nancy Bursey, Pittsburgh.

A. No. Your son's outstanding academic record should get him as much aid as he
needs. Most colleges award their best aid packages to students who are most
qualified and apply earliest. - Beckemeyer.

Q. If I get aid for four years as an undergrad, will I be eligible as a graduate
student? - Scott Boutte, Lafayette, La.

A. Most aid programs are for undergraduates pursuing their first degree. But
some loans are available for graduate students. - Robin Szitas, Allegheny
College (Pa.)

Q. I'm a single parent earning $ 49,000. I've never filed for bankruptcy or had
a credit problem. My son wants to go to a state university. What's available for
him? - Judy Kolacki, Alexandria, Va.

A. More than you might think. When he files the financial aid form, he'll learn
the amount of his need, which is the difference between the cost of the college
he'll attend and the amount you're expected to pay. If he has no need, because
of the low cost at the state university, you can still qualify for unsubsidized
low-interest loans. And he can get scholarships based on his academic talent. He
should talk to the college financial aid office even before he applies. - Donald
Kiah, Bowie (Md.) State College.

Q. Is there still special consideration for children of dislocated workers? -
Shawn Wakefield, Tulsa.

A. The questions about dislocated workers and displaced homemakers no longer
appear on the government's financial aid form but they still can get special
consideration. With the aid application, attach a DLW certificate from your
state employment agency and a projection of this year's earnings. The financial
aid office will consider your status in determining you daughter's need. -
Ingle.

Q. I once defaulted on a $ 500 Perkins Loan but have since repaid it. Am I
eligible for another loan? - Don Stockley, Seward, Neb.

A. Definitely. When you paid off the old loan, you came out of default. That no
longer will be held against you. - Jamie Mowat, U. of Pittsburgh-Titusville.

Q. I'm a high school student with $ 10,000 in the bank and I own eight cows,
worth $ 1,000 each. Do I have to report the cows on my financial aid
application? - Melissa Sanders, Lima, Ohio.

A. Yes. The cows are assets. All assets must be considered in determining your
financial need. - William Mack, Rochester Institute of Technology.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Lori King, AP

EDUCATION SPECIAL SECTION; Paying for College; More and more parents are worried
whether they'll ever be able to afford college for their kids. No wonder.
Tuitions continue to climb at twice the rate of inflation.  Fretting doesn't
make it any easier, though. Today's section looks at how students, and schools,
are responding to the challenge.; See sidebar; 07DCUTLINE HAVE YOU HERD?; Aid
applicant Melissa Sanders must list her eight cows as assets.

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             987 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             June 10, 1993 Thursday

Not enough foreign aid goes to poor, study says   Funds from developed countries
often benefit   donors' own domestic industries

BYLINE: LINDA HOSSIE; GAM

LENGTH: 847 words


BY LINDA HOSSIE
Foreign Affairs Reporter
Developed countries spend a "pitifully small" percentage of their foreign
aid to help the world's poorest people even though 14 million children
will die this year from preventable causes related to poverty, according
to a new study.

"Aid is used to subsidize domestic industry and promote foreign-policy
aims," the study says, adding that not one of 15 industrialized countries
listed by the United Nations Development Program "allocated more than 20
per cent of its ODA (overseas development assistance) to human priorities
in 1988"89."

The study, The Reality of Aid, is the first report by non-governmental
development agencies around the world to analyze foreign aid. It was
released worldwide yesterday - in Canada, by the Canadian Council for
International Co-operation.

Included in the study are reports from 20 industrialized countries that
are members of the Development Assistance Committee, a group of donor
nations in the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development that
monitors aid.

The report found a widespread decline in aid budgets, an increasing
diversion of aid from long-term development projects to short-term
emergency relief, a diversion of money from Africa to eastern and central
Europe and the continuing use of aid to promote domestic exports from
industrialized countries.

"At the Earth Summit in Rio in June 1992, the world's richest
countries, who are members of the DAC, accepted that poverty alleviation
was crucial to global sustainable development," the report says. "The key
issue is one of priorities. Governments, north and south, can find $900-
billion (U.S) a year for military spending but will not find the $600-
billion outlined and agreed (at Rio) to eradicate poverty and protect the
global environment."

The report points out that in the 20 years before the Rio summit,
foreign aid stagnated. "At .33 per cent of GNP in 1991, it was less than
half of the UN target of .7 per cent," it says.

A chart included in the report shows that only 12 of the 20 countries
studied have aid figures that are above .33 per cent and half of the 20
countries anticipate a drop in ODA to developing countries.

One of the most alarming signals about the state of foreign aid is that
four of the five countries that exceeded the .7 per cent target in 1991
are also reducing their aid budgets, the report said. The four are Norway,
Sweden, the Netherlands and Finland. Denmark is the only one of the five
that is maintaining its aid at current levels.

(Canada's foreign aid is .47 per cent of GNP. Its ODA to developing  countries
has been cut by $44-million (U.S.) in 1992-93, by $255-million  in 1993"94 and
by $262-million in 1994"95.)     "While donors have asserted since 1990 that aid
to eastern and central  Europe will be additional to aid for developing
countries, the fact  remains that the DAC members admit that aid efforts in the
former Soviet  bloc have already caused 'limited aid diversion from developing
countries,' " the report says.

The report identifies two ways in which foreign aid is used to benefit
domestic industries in the donor country. The first is tied aid, in which
donors give aid on the condition that it be used to buy goods and services
from the donor country. The second is mixed credits that provide grants
and loans to companies proposing projects in developing countries -
projects that often do not meet the donor's normal aid standards for
development, environmental protection, involvement of women and so on.

"The practice of tying aid . . . increases costs by limiting
competition; it stifles the development of indigenous industries and
skills; and locks the recipient country into dependence upon parts and
maintenance that may be expensive and inappropriate," the report says.

But the report points out that "out of the 20 DAC donors, only five
report more than half of their bilateral aid as untied. Sixty-five cents
of every Canadian ODA dollar is spent in Canada; 60 per cent of French, 74
per cent of British and 90 per cent of Italian bilateral aid is tied."

Although a fifth of the world's people live in absolute poverty, the
report says, "development co-operation remains a secondary consideration
for most DAC governments. Until it seriously informs all aspects of
government policy, the objectives of poverty reduction and sustainable
development will remain out of reach."

WHAT THEY GAVE

For years, donors have restated their commitment to achieving 0.7 per  cent of
GNP in aid, the UN target.  ...................GNP %  Country..........in 1991
Norway..............1.14  Denmark.............0.96  Sweden..............0.92
Netherlands.........0.88  Finland.............0.76  France..............0.62
Canada..............0.45  Belgium.............0.42  Germany.............0.41
Australia...........0.38  Switzerland.........0.36  Austria.............0.34
United Kingdom......0.32  Japan...............0.32  Portugal............0.31
Italy...............0.30  New Zealand.........0.25  Spain...............0.23
United States.......0.20  Ireland.............0.19  Source: The Reality of Aid.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1993 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             988 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Daily Yomiuri

                           February 24, 1992, Monday

Most AIDS May Be Linked To Straight Sex

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 923 words


According to a report released last month by the AIDS Surveillance Committee of
the Health and Welfare Ministry, 238 new AIDS patients were reported during
1991, 2 1/2 times the number reported the previous year, bringing the official
total to 553.

More than half that number was thought to be the result of heterosexual contacts
with women from Southeast Asian countries where the infection rate is said to be
high.

Infections transmitted by blood coagulation medicines were not included in the
number.

Data accumulated by the Japan Red Cross Society indicated that the infection
rate in Japan is 0.3 to 100,000 blood donors. If the figure represents the
reality, Japan is still a relatively AIDS-free nation.

However, another study by Koji Munakata, assistant professor at Tsukuba
University, three carriers were found by chance during a study in December last
year on the sexual activities of 10,000 male and female adults.

From his survey data, Munakata extrapolated that there may be more than 30,000
carriers in the nation. "In three years, the situation might be devastating," he
said.

The AIDS Emergency hot line provided by the AIDS Prevention Foundation, an
organization set up to disburse AIDS-related information and promote AIDS
research, received a call in mid-January. The woman said, "My husband says he
was infected by AIDS. He will not tell me how he got it. I test negative at the
moment, but I wonder what I should do now."

The number of calls to the hot line has steadily increased following a sudden
jump last November when basketball star "Magic" Johnson revealed that he was a
carrier.

This was the first case, however, of a call from the family of a carrier. Soroku
Yamagata, director at the foundation, said, "The call illustrates just how close
AIDS has come to us all. We are afraid we will receive more tragic calls like
this one."

Another doctor said, "We found by accident recently that a teenage girl from a
decent family was a carrier. As she had never been abroad, we tested her
boyfriend. He tested positive for AIDS." The doctor added that such cases are no
longer rare.

Tokyo University Medical Science Institute is one of the few clinics in Japan
that accepts AIDS patients and carriers for treatment. The institute gives AIDS
tests once a week. Doctors there were surprised late last month when four
carriers were detected in a single day.

Specialists have said the key factor in the increase of AIDS carriers is the
influx of women from Southeast Asian nations. In Thailand, where the disease has
raged for the last few years, the number of carriers has reached 300,000. The
infection rate among prostitutes there is extremely high and may exceed 60
percent in some areas.

More than 30,000 Thai women come to Japan each year. As of May 1, 1991, an
estimated 12,000 Thai women were working illegally in Japan, mostly in the
entertainment industry. In just the last two months, 26 Thai women working in
Japan were confirmed to be AIDS carriers. That number is only the tip of the
iceberg, experts say.

Meanwhile, prevention and treatment of AIDS is far from perfect. Even in the
Tokyo area, where many carriers have been found, only a few hospitals treat
carriers and patients. Despite the increase, the hospitals that accept patients
are already fully occupied, including the Tokyo University Institute and the
Tokyo Metropolitan Government's Komagome Hospital.

Together, the two hospitals have only about 20 beds available for AIDS patients.
Masayoshi Negishi of Komagome Hospital said, "Under present conditions, we
cannot cope with an increase in AIDS patients."

Other patients dislike being in the same hospital with AIDS patients and the
difficulty of reaching a consensus among medical staffers for the admission of
AIDS patients are reasons given for rejecting them at some hospitals.

As an example, a carrier injured in a traffic accident was reportedly sent from
one hospital after another before being admitted to a clinic and locked in
isolation.

This case is extreme but embarrassing because Japan will host the International
AIDS Conference in 1994. People involved with the conference are worried that
Japan will lose face if hotels reject participants. Several thousand people are
expected, including medical experts, members of male homosexual group, as well
as numerous AIDS carriers.

Negishi said, "This is the age to think about coexistence with AIDS."

The influx of Southeast Asian women is not the only factor in the increase of
carriers. The boom in traveling abroad has given tourists more opportunities to
catch the disease. Young people, too, have become more liberal in their sexual
activities.

Unlike years past, Japanese experts are no longer optimistic about controlling
of AIDS. "We are at a crossroads," said Yuichi Shiokawa, chairman of the
surveillance committee.

Ministry Fact-Finding

The Health and Welfare Ministry has begun to admit that the nation is in a
crisis. "If we do not curb AIDS now, an explosive increase is inevitable," a
ministry official said.

On Feb. 13, the ministry established the Committee on AIDS-Preventative Measures
in the Council on Public Health to study a revision of the AIDS Prevention Law
enacted in 1989.

The ministry will conduct a fact-finding survey and build a network of doctors
willing to treat AIDS patients and carriers in a bid to enhance consciousness
among medical workers and to ensure that an adequate number of hospitals will
admit AIDS patients and carriers.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1992 The Daily Yomiuri


                             989 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 18, 1990, Sunday, Final Edition

Increase in AIDS Cases Slowing Down in Area;
Spread of Disease Stalls Among Gay Men

BYLINE: Lynne Duke, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE D1

LENGTH: 1083 words


Preliminary figures compiled by Washington area health agencies show a dramatic
slowdown in the number of new AIDS cases diagnosed here during the past three
years, primarily because of a marked decrease in the growth of the epidemic
among gay men.

Health officials and AIDS experts attribute this apparent stalling in the spread
of the epidemic to one or a combination of several factors, including the
success of AIDS prevention campaigns, slow or under-reporting of new cases, the
underdiagnosing of AIDS symptoms, and the success of medical treatments in
stalling the onset of AIDS symptoms.

The slowdown in new cases also may indicate that earlier projections on the
spread of the disease were too high, officials said.

Health officials say the uncertainty surrounding the course of the epidemic
means that the study and tracking of it are as important as ever.

They expect that in the Washington region, the relatively low incidence of AIDS
among intravenous drug users will increase, causing further spreading of the
virus to women, and then to their children. AIDS education and prevention
methods will have to be intensified to reach these groups, officials said.

While the slowdown of the spread of the disease could mean there will be fewer
people with AIDS than predicted, the outbreak will remain an intense focus of
public health resources because new treatments for AIDS are allowing more people
to live with the disease.

The AIDS Surveillance Division of the District's Commission on Public Health,
which tracks the disease in the area, projected in 1988 that the District would
see 675 new AIDS diagnoses in 1989 for a cumulative total of 2,300 since the
AIDS epidemic began 10 years ago. At year's end, however, 412 new cases had been
diagnosed, and the cumulative total was 1,985.

The surveillance division projected that 1,125 new cases would be diagnosed in
the area last year, to push the cumulative regional number to 3,900. Instead,
660 new cases were diagnosed and the cumulative total was 3,356. Those numbers
could grow by 20 percent, experts said. In 1988 there were 799 new cases in the
region; 772 new cases were diagnosed in 1987.

Because it can take 10 years for people infected with the human immunodeficiency
virus (HIV) to develop AIDS symptoms, predicting the course of the epidemic is
"fraught with uncertainty," said Martin Levy, D.C. administrator for preventive
health services.

Events here mirror a nationwide trend.  A recent study showed that since the
middle of 1987, up to 36 percent fewer homosexual men nationally have developed
AIDS than researchers had expected.

That study was prepared by the National Cancer Institute, which concluded that
drugs such as AZT, by stymieing the AIDS virus's ability to reproduce and thus
thwarting the onset of symptoms, may be responsible for the slowdown.

Jim Graham, administrator of the District's Whitman Walker Clinic, said he
questioned the cancer institute study's relevance to the Washington region
because until recently AZT was used here mainly to treat people already ill with
the virus, not to prevent virus carriers from getting sick. Graham expressed
concern that the slowing in AIDS cases among homosexual men may give the
misimpression that AIDS is under control.

"I look at these kinds of figures with a combination of hope and real deep
concern that they will be taken as a message saying that we've turned this
epidemic around, because that is simply not true," said Roger Doughty, president
of the District's Gay and Lesbian Activists Alliance.

There could be 30,000 Washington area HIV carriers who are showing no symptoms,
according to federal health statistics.

"While the number of cases is important to watch, the amount of infection is not
known, and because it's not, we really have to do a lot in terms of changing our
behavior," said Iris Lee, acting director of the District's AIDS Activities
Office.

There also are believed to be transient people with AIDS, such as the homeless,
whose symptoms may not be diagnosed because they are getting sporadic treatment,
and as outpatients rather than inpatients. Diagnosing AIDS is easier when a
patient is in the hospital.

And while there is documented progress in treating AIDS with AZT and aerosol
pentamadine, which stymies a deadly AIDS pneumonia, those expensive treatments
are largely beyond the reach of uninsured people who can't pay for health care.

They generally are poor people, often black, who are intravenous drug users or
who are sexually linked to an intravenous drug user.

Experts worry that the outbreak among IV drug users will intensify and cause a
further spread into the heterosexual community.

IV drug users now make up about 10 percent of the 3,302 adult AIDS cases in the
region, according to the D.C. surveillance report. People infected through
heterosexual contact make up 2 percent. Homosexual or bisexual men make up 76
percent.

In the District, the number of IV drug users diagnosed with AIDS has nearly
doubled in the past two years, from 32 cases to 60. In the Maryland suburbs --
including Montgomery, Prince George's, Howard, Calvert, Charles and Frederick
counties -- there were 29 IV drug-use cases in 1987, 20 in 1988, and 28 last
year.

In Northern Virginia, the relatively small number of AIDS cases among IV drug
users has risen since 1987, from four to 15.

"We're going to see a bubble [in the number of cases] in the heterosexual
community come through because of the spread from the IV drug user community,"
said Ron Hyman, AIDS surveillance coordinator for the Virginia Department of
Health.

"That's going to bring about a percentage of female cases, which leads right
into the pediatric cases," Hyman said.

As of Dec. 31, there were 54 reported cases in the region of children ages 12
and under who have AIDS: 30 in the District, 13 in the Maryland suburbs and 11
in Northern Virginia, said the D.C. surveillance report.

Health officials say that even if the increase in AIDS cases among homosexual
men continues to moderate, the cost of AIDS on society will still soar because
of new populations expected to become ill and because those who are already ill
are living longer.

"Therefore the challenges to public health are, if anything, greater than ever
before," said Doughty.  "As far as availability of drug treatments like AZT,
availability of hospital beds, availability of residential facilities,
psycho-social counseling and mental health therapy."


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: MAP, AIDS IN THE WASHINGTON AREA:; CHART, TWP

TYPE: DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 The Washington Post


                             990 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 20, 1989, Wednesday, Final Edition

AIDS Education Pioneer David Brumbach, 46, Dies

BYLINE: Bart Barnes, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B7; OBITUARIES

LENGTH: 1137 words


David Brumbach, 46, an AIDS education activist who had worked as a marketing
specialist for the international architectural engineering firm of Frank E.
Basil Inc., died Sept. 15 at his home in Bethesda. He had AIDS.

Mr. Brumbach organized a volunteer telephone hot line to answer questions from
teenagers and adults about AIDS, spoke about AIDS and AIDS prevention before
hundreds of school and civic organizations, and was co-author and host of a
widely distributed film, "AIDS Movie."

He had worked full time in AIDS education since 1985, when he resigned his job
with Basil. His AIDS was diagnosed in 1986. That year Mr. Brumbach became
director for Montgomery and Prince George's counties of the Baltimore-based
Health Education Resources Organization (HERO), an AIDS service, counseling and
educational organization.

In 1987 Mr. Brumbach organized the nation's first Teen AIDS telephone hot line,
based on the premise that teenagers are more likely to approach each other than
they are to ask adults for information on sex and AIDS. Operating out of a
Montgomery County office building in Rockville in 1987 and 1988, the hot line
was staffed by more than 100 high school and college volunteers who answered
thousands of questions in Spanish and English, ranging from how AIDS can be
transmitted to where and when counseling was available.

Mr. Brumbach also formed the Maryland AIDS Foundation in 1987 to put together a
speakers bureau to talk about AIDS prevention.

"AIDS Movie" included footage of Mr. Brumbach delivering a lecture on AIDS to
high school students, and the personal stories of three persons who had died of
AIDS. They were Susan Roggio, an intravenous drug user; Paul Watford, a gay
construction worker; and Sunnye Sherman, who contracted the disease from a
bisexual boyfriend. The movie has been shown at several high schools in the
Washington area and elsewhere.

A native of Sanford, Fla., Mr. Brumbach moved to the Washington area in the
early 1950s. He graduated from Falls Church High School and attended the
University of Maryland.

As a young man he studied voice in the United States and Europe, and he sang
professionally under the name of David Bach at places such as the Shoreham Hotel
and the Roma Restaurant. He also sang as a soloist at several church choirs in
the area.

Later Mr. Brumbach worked on the production of documentary films for the Charles
Guggenheim Film Co. here. He joined the staff of Frank E. Basil Inc. as a
marketing specialist in the mid-1970s, and was assigned in Saudi Arabia until
returning to the Washington area in 1982.

Survivors include his companion, Brook Andrews, of Bethesda; his mother, Marian
Nella (Peggie) Brumback of Florida; a brother, Douglas Brumback of La Mesa,
Calif.; and two sisters, Sharon Radford of Annapolis and Cynthia Spengler of
Woodland Hills, Calif.

JAMES F. FITZGERALD

Silver Spring Lawyer


James F. FitzGerald, 67, a Silver Spring lawyer who specialized in real estate
law, died of cancer Sept. 18 at Manor Care Nursing Home in Wheaton.

Mr. FitzGerald, who lived in Silver Spring, was born in Washington and graduated
from Gonzaga College High School. He attended the University of Maryland on a
football scholarship for two years, then served in the Navy in the Pacific
during World War II. He graduated from Georgetown University's School of Foreign
Service and also received a law degree at Georgetown.

While attending law school, Mr. FitzGerald worked as a contact representative
for the Veterans Administration and had a weekly radio program on which he took
telephone calls from veterans seeking information on various problems. He also
spent a year as an FBI agent and for three years was chief of employee relations
at the Naval Surface Weapons Center.

In 1954, Mr. FitzGerald opened a law practice in Silver Spring. In addition to
his specialty in real estate law, he also did trial work and was founder of Free
State Title Co.

He was an usher and counselor to the clergy at St. Camillus Catholic Church in
Silver Spring, where he gave a volunteer law clinic on Tuesday and Thursday
nights.

Survivors include his wife of 43 years, Donelle Shannon FitzGerald, and five
children, James, Kevin and Daniel FitzGerald, Cecile Lee and Claire Wilk, all of
Silver Spring; and 10 grandchildren.

VIRGIL VAN STREET

Episcopal Priest, Foreign Service Officer


Virgil Van Street, 82, a retired Episcopal priest who had been a Foreign Service
legal counsel and a member of the prosecution at the Nuremberg Trials, died
Sept. 17 of a stroke at a retirement home in Seminole, Fla.

Mr. Street lived in Glenwood, Md., from 1951 to 1984. He was born in Oregon and
reared in Delaware. He graduated from the University of Delaware and the
University of Maryland law school.

During World War II, he served in Baltimore on the rationing board of the State
of Maryland and later as an assistant U.S. attorney in Baltimore. He joined the
Justice Department here in 1946. He worked on the Nuremburg prosecution until
1948.

He then joined the Foreign Service and had overseas assignments in the
Philippines, China, Israel and Japan. He retired in 1968.

Mr. Street then entered the Virginia Theological Seminary in Alexandria. He was
ordained in 1971. His parish assignments included service in Baltimore and
Ellicott City. He retired in 1976 and moved to Florida in 1984.

His wife, Erma Simpler Street, died in 1968. Survivors include his wife, Mildred
Horton Street of St. Petersburg, Fla.; a step-daughter, Jamis C. Townsend of
Alexandria, Ky.; and a sister, Mabel Adams of Harrington, Del.

CHARLES N. HULVEY JR.

Arlington Lawyer


Charles N. Hulvey Jr., 76, a retired Arlington lawyer who served in the Marine
Corps in the Pacific in World War II, died of congestive heart failure and
respiratory arrest Sept. 18 at Arlington Hospital.

Mr. Hulvey, a resident of Arlington, was born in Sweetwater, Tenn. He graduated
from the University of Virginia and became a banker in Charlottesville. Called
to active duty with the Marine reserves in World War II, he served in the
Pacific. He retired from the reserves in 1971 with the rank of colonel.

After the war, Mr. Hulvey moved to the Washington area. He received his law
degree at George Washington University. He established a law practice in
Arlington in the early 1950s and retired from it in 1978. From 1959 to 1975, he
also was a substitute judge on the Arlington General District Court, which has
jurisdiction over traffic offenses and similar matters.

Mr. Hulvey was a member of the Arlington Kiwanis Club, the Arlington Bar
Association and St. Andrew's Episcopal Church, where he had served as a
vestryman, senior warden and trustee.

His wife, Jean Sprague Hulvey, died in 1978. Survivors include a sister,
Margaret Wright of Charlottesville.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: OBITUARY

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                             991 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

              November 12, 1988, Saturday, SATURDAY SECOND EDITION

NDP alone in offering strategy to fight AIDS

BYLINE: By Kelly Toughill Toronto Star

SECTION: INSIGHT; Pg. D5

LENGTH: 1027 words


   CANADA is facing one of the most dangerous epidemics in history, yet federal
party leaders haven't uttered one word about how they would respond to the
health crisis if elected.

This week the New Democratic Party released a detailed plan to fight AIDS,
marking the first time any party has outlined a specific strategy for the war on
AIDS. But even that announcement reflected the effort of individual candidates
rather than the national leadership.

Drafted by health critic Margaret Mitchell and party president Johanna den
Hertog, both Vancouver candidates, it was released during a low-key press
conference at which leader Ed Broadbent was conspicuously absent.

"I'm just delighted that one of the parties finally had the guts to release a
national AIDS policy," says Jeff Braff, president of the Canadian AIDS Society.

"Politicians don't think of concern about AIDS as a vote-getter but, rather, as
a vote-loser. AIDS affects everyone in the country, from young children to old
men, and has legal, economic and medical ramifications. But it is perceived, at
best, as a neutral election issue."

AIDS is caused by a virus found in body fluids such as blood and semen; it is
most often passed during sex and the sharing of needles by infected drug users.

As many as 50,000 Canadians are believed to be infected with the virus; all of
them will develop the fatal disease unless a cure is found.

The cost of acquired immune deficiency syndrome to the health-care system alone
is expected to reach $500 million a year by 1992, says a recent report. The
over-all loss to the economy is reckoned in the billions. The emotional price of
the AIDS epidemic cannot be measured.

AIDS activists and concerned scientists have struggled for months to make the
epidemic an election issue.

* The Canadian AIDS Society has demanded meetings with representatives of each
party to learn their strategy for the fight.

* Demonstrators burned an effigy of Prime Minister Brian Mulroney to protest the
lack of drugs available to people with AIDS in Canada.

* Scientists have publicly complained that Ottawa ignored a key report on AIDS
by the Royal Society of Canada, a non-partisan association of top academics. The
report made 48 specific recommendations on everything from condoms in prisons to
spending on education and research.

Liberal health critic Sheila Copps says Health Minister Jake Epp has been
"criminally negligent" on the issue and that AIDS would be a top health priority
of a Liberal government. But she admits her party doesn't have a specific battle
plan for the war on AIDS.

"The potential for loss of life as well as cost over-all to the system is so
horrendous that now is the time to make it a Number One priority," Copps says.
"The minister of health has been criminally negligent on this issue. We've lost
four years in the battle. It has been his most horrific failing."

Copps favors federal funding for AIDS education in the schools and wants to
relax a ban on condom advertisements so that manufacturers can tell the public
that condoms help block the spread of the virus.

The NDP strategy calls for a ban on mandatory testing for the virus, a law
making it illegal to discriminate against people with AIDS and an end to
research in which some people with AIDS are given an experimental drug and
others are given a placebo.

The policy also endorses the right of people with AIDS to take any drugs they
believe will help. It calls for a national education campaign and increased
funding for community groups that help people with AIDS.

There is no estimate of what the plan would cost.

"We are calling for a substantial increase in funding," says Mitchell. "AIDS
must be treated as a national emergency. It's an epidemic that is spreading to
other communities. It's a disease that affects all of us."

The Progressive Conservative Party increased funding for the fight on AIDS
dramatically and publicly just months before the election was called, but has
ignored the topic ever since.

In June, Health Minister Jake Epp announced a $129-million, five-year program to
fight AIDS, including $48 million for education, $35 million for research and
$20 million for community groups involved in the issue. The money comes on top
of a $39-million, five-year plan announced in 1986.

ACTIVISTS complain that the money is too little, too late and that it hasn't
sparked any new programs in AIDS education, research or health care.

It's been almost five months since Epp announced the $129-million initiative,
but no new programs have been unveiled, and a long-awaited education strategy is
still under wraps..

Epp says he's waiting for additional recommendations before approving a national
AIDS-awareness campaign.

"I'm going to make my decisions on the basis of expert recommendations, not
because I'm under pressure," he says.

Both Copps and Mitchell favor some of the most controversial recommendations of
the Royal Society report, including making condoms available to prison inmates
and starting a nationwide program to give injection-drug users clean needles.

Both suggestions have been rejected by the Conservatives.

The government's most serious failing, AIDS activists say, has been its
inability to develop trials of experimental drugs.

More than 80 drugs are being tested in the United States on people with AIDS and
those carrying the AIDS virus. In Canada only three drugs are being tested, with
another five slated for testing early next year.

Activists point out that although experimental treatments may not work, people
with AIDS are almost certain to die if they take nothing.

Another controversial issue has been placebo trials. In these trials one group
of patients is given an experiment drug and another is given a placebo,
researchers then compare results of the two groups to see if the drug works.

The NDP has called for a complete ban on placebo trials involving AIDS patients;
Copps favors limitations, but not an outright ban, and Epp says the details of
drug trials should be decided by doctors and scientists, not politicians.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1988 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             992 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                      May 13, 1988, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Develop new programs now as cases increase, hospitals told AIDS 'disaster' is
near, expert says

BYLINE: By Damien Cox Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A24

LENGTH: 485 words


   Metro hospitals must develop new facilities and programs to cope with the
rapidly growing numbers of AIDS patients, health experts say.

Some medical observers predict longer lineups for already delayed medical
procedures, burned-out doctors and nurses and hospitals clogged with AIDS
patients within five years unless changes are made in the health care system
now.

"It's certainly a recipe for disaster," said Dr. Doug McFadden, an AIDS expert
at Toronto Western Hospital. "If we see an increase in the number of AIDS
patients as it seems we're going to, it will flood the hospital system as we
know it."

Coping now

Phil Shaw, spokesman for the AIDS Committee of Toronto, said the pressure is on
Queen's Park and hospital administrations to develop new treatment programs for
acquired immune deficiency syndrome.

"We're at a coping level right now, yet I get the feeling we're just moving in
front of the wave," he said. "We've got to keep going at the same speed or the
wave will break over us."

Health officials point to several troubling trends:

* In Canada, 1,737 AIDS cases have been diagnosed. Of these, 771 afflicted
people are alive, 966 have died. By 1992, a report by the Royal Society of
Canada estimates there may be up to 11,000 AIDS cases.

* American scientists now say everyone carrying the AIDS virus will develop the
fatal syndrome. It is estimated that 30,000 to 50,000 Canadians are already
infected.

* AIDS patients have begun taking up significant numbers of medical beds at area
hospitals. Recently at Toronto Western, more than 10 per cent of the hospital's
220 beds were occupied by AIDS patients.

* The AIDS out-patient clinic at Toronto General Hospital was so crowded last
fall that it had to stop taking new patients. The clinic resumed taking new
cases after getting more government funding in March.

Health experts note that the rate of AIDS infection appears to have slowed in
Canada over the past two years and area hospitals maintain they are coping with
the current demand for AIDS treatment.

Home treatment

Experts say because most AIDS patients don't require hospital care, more
out-patient clinics and home treatment programs are needed.

Ontario Hospital Association spokesman Peter Wood said more hospitals will soon
have to be prepared to treat AIDS patients. He said only about 20 of Ontario's
220 hospitals treat AIDS.

"The current situation can't go on forever. This is not just a Toronto problem
anymore," he said.

Five AIDS outpatient clinics and a hospice for terminal patients have opened in
Toronto in the past year.

Dr. Ann Phillips, medical director of the Casey House hospice, said attention is
only now being focused on the demands AIDS will soon place on the health care
system.

"Right now we're just not equipped to handle large numbers of cases," she said.
"People are just starting to open their eyes."

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1988 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             993 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                          July 23, 1987, Thursday, ME

Absenteeism not AIDS caused firing, firm says

BYLINE: By D'Arcy McGovern Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 336 words


   A company under investigation by the Ontario Human Rights Commission for
allegedly firing a man because he was believed to have AIDS says absenteeism was
the actual cause.

Southam Communications Ltd. spokesman Konrad Doerrbecker issued a short news
release yesterday saying the firm is "distressed to learn from newspaper reports
of Leonard DeFrederico's condition" but that "a poor attendance record was the
reason for his dismissal."

DeFrederico said last night that he is considering hiring a lawyer to sue
Southam independently because of the commission's slow movement on his case.

He says he is currently under treatment with the experimental AIDS drug
azidothymidine (AZT) combined with bone marrow extracts.

DeFrederico said on Tuesday he was fired from the mailroom of Southam Direct
Marketing Services because his supervisor thought he had acquired immune
defficiency syndrome (AIDS). He has lodged a complaint with the Human Rights
Commission and is seeking compensation for lost wages totalling $3,010 and
damages of $1,000.

DeFrederico said he has the human immuno-defficiency virus (HIV) but not AIDS.

According to the AIDS Committee of Toronto, the presence of HIV in the body
indicates that one has been in contact with the AIDS virus but it is not yet
certain that this leads to contracting AIDS.

'No danger'

DeFrederico has said he can communicate AIDS to others. But the AIDS Committee
says he posed no danger to other employees since he could only transmit the
disease through unprotected sex or a blood transfusion.

Meanwhile, a Human Rights Commission official says investigation of the case
could drag on for months.

Toni Silberman said a number of factors could delay the commission's probe, but
it is currently "about half-way through."

"It all depends on the complexity of the case," she said. "We could be looking
at a couple of more months."

In Ontario, 426 cases of AIDS have been reported. Of these 221 people are alive
205 have died.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             994 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                              July 22, 1985 Monday

A BETTER PERSPECTIVE OF THE FEARS AND MYTHS OF AIDS

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: HAMMOND P

LENGTH: 1508 words


A better perspective of the fears and myths of AIDS By medical reporter PHILIP
HAMMOND DO NOT be surprised if, the next time you see your dentist, he asks:
""Is there any reason for you to suspect you are at risk of having AIDS or any
disease related to AIDS?" The Australian Dental Association's Queensland branch
recently agreed, for the first time, to recommend its members ask that question.
It also fully supports any dentist who feels that surgical gloves, masks and
operating theatre-style gowns are necessary ""barrier protection" against
Acquired Immunity Deficiency Syndrome. Recently, family doctors from
Queensland's remote areas attended an update course organised by the Royal
Australian College of General Practitioners. The subject of looking out for, and
coping with, cases of AIDS was high on the agenda. And with good reason _ at
least one Queensland AIDS patient lives in the country. When you make a blood
donation, AIDS is the first thing you are asked about. It's a sign of the times.
AIDS is spreading through Australia and will get worse before it gets better.
Originally thought to have come from Africa, AIDS is a virus which lives inside
cells called lymphocites and cannot survive outside them for more than a few
minutes. AIDS victims, be they homosexuals, children who have received blood
transfusions, or whoever, share something in common with people needing heart,
lung, liver or kidney transplants _ no defence to outside germs. Transplant
patients need immune system repressing drugs to stop donor organ rejection. AIDS
victims simply have no immunity. The chairman of Australia's AIDS Task Force,
Professor D. G. Penington explained: ""Looking back, now that we have AIDS
testing kits, we can see the disease's infection had already spread quite
widely, probably as long ago as two or three years before we had any way of
tracing it. ""That's why we got cases through the blood transfusion services.
""But now the spread has slowed right down, which is very encouraging."
Professor Penington said the problem with AIDS was that its incubation period
lasted three to five years. ""We will see many more cases in Australia before it
begins to plateau-out in three to five years time," he said. Thousands of
Australians carry the AIDS virus. One in 10 is likely to die within five years
and a quarter of the people whose AIDS antibody tests have been confirmed
positive would get a mild form of AIDS. The Queensland Health Department's
latest tally is 13 known AIDS cases, including seven deaths and 89 people with
antibody-positive blood test results. The Commonwealth Department of Health said
last week that the latest two AIDS deaths were in Queensland. The national death
toll is currently 98. Most Australians have nothing to fear, but myths about
AIDS abound. Queenslanders have raised the possibility of getting the disease by
taking the Holy Sacrament: drinking from a communal cup of wine during Holy
Communion. They have erroneously suggested that saliva circulating in waterslide
pools may harbor the virus. ""We have had a number of instances of real nonsense
concerns," said Professor Penington. Nuns at a Rose Bay, Sydney, convent
transferred the venue of its swimming carnival because a gathering of
homosexuals had used a particular pool. New South Wales police threatened strike
action over AIDS risks through handling breathalysers. Women became scared of
being sneezed over by homosexual hairdressers. Homosexual waiters got sacked
over fears that they might contaminate food and crockery. An Adelaide magistrate
refused a defendant, who had AIDS, admission to the courtroom in case he
infected others. Post Office workers were worried about touching mail on which
an AIDS virus carrier may have licked down the seal or a stamp. Transport
workers threatened the national production of plasma and blood products to keep
haemophiliacs alive through fears about handling sealed containers of blood.
Professor Penington said the list of unfounded fears ran into the hundreds.
""The fact of the matter is there is absolutely no evidence of a spread of the
virus through saliva," he said. ""What we have said is there may be,
theoretically, that possibility through prolonged kissing, if both people have
bleeding gums. ""The possibility of it spreading through the means I have
mentioned just isn't there." Realistically, he said, most people in the general
community only really risked getting AIDS by having sex with someone infected,
or by getting infected blood into their own body. The biggest risk group _
homosexuals _ have been as frantically worried as anyone. Sydney general
practitioner, Dr Jim Walker, writing in the Doctors' Reform Society magazine,
New Doctor, said homosexual AIDS victims, suddenly confronted with having
contracted a disease with a 100 percent mortality rate within three years of
diagnosis, reacted in widely differing ways. ""Some react with denial _ denying
that AIDS is a serious problem or that they might be at risk," he said. ""A few
may adopt a fatalistic approach, asserting that they have probably caught the
virus so they might as well rage on while they can, throwing themselves into a
destructive cycle of boozing, drugs and irresponsible promiscuity." He said some
homosexuals became guilt ridden, repressing their homosexuality, while many had
drastically altered their sexual behavior by adopting safe sexual practices.
""Many gay men are redefining their homosexuality by relegating sexual activity
to a less important status in their life. Some have even opted for celibacy," Dr
Walker said. It should be noted that AIDS Task Force member and Queensland's
deputy Director General of Health, Dr Ken Donald, warned doctors recently that
so-called safe sexual practices by homosexuals were not adequate to stop the
spread of AIDS. A Brisbane paediatrician, who identified AIDS in six Queensland
children, said that in the recent months during which AIDS test kits had been
available, the Red Cross Blood Bank in Queensland had not found any AIDS
antibody-positive samples of blood. ""That's very good news, and hopefully will
reduce the incidence." Queensland's unusually high incidence of AIDS cases among
children _ traced back to contaminated blood donations _ gave the State an
unwanted distinction in the medical world. ""We have six children with AIDS in
Queensland but the world total is still only 200. Our series of four reported in
the medical literature was the biggest so far in the world." Instead of
acquiring the HTLV-111 (AIDS) virus and having it multiply gradually, as in most
cases, the babies had the big shock of a large infusion of contaminated blood,
and their reaction was rapid, said the doctor. Three out of the four, totally
lacking immunity, were killed by other infections, for which they had no
defences. They were open to various infections, he said, such as pneumocystis
carinii _ a lung disease, and toxoplasmosis _ a type of encephalitis which
attacks the brain. Deterioration with AIDS can begin with symptoms common to
many ailments, such as swollen glands and coughs _ hence the country doctors'
interest. But tragically, it spreads to weight loss, fever, rash and Kaposi's
sarcoma, with multiple cancer tumors developing. The exceptional child in
Queensland is a baby girl, living in outer Brisbane, who is thought to have
received contamination through pregnancy and the symptoms were ""much less
intense". In hospital, said the doctor, staff felt the strain of nursing
children dying of AIDS. Hospital staff everywhere would have to overcome the
fear of the unknown: the underlying anxiety that they might contract the virus.
""We believe that if we take the same precautions as we would with any viral
disease, we will probably be fairly safe," he said. ""The only health worker in
the world who has actually contracted AIDS was a nurse in Britain who managed to
inject herself with contaminated blood." Professor Penington said the very
important exercise of acquainting all hospital staff, including kitchen staff
and cleaners, as well as health care professionals, with the precautions and the
dangers of AIDS was still taking some time. ""The risk is far less than the risk
of getting hepatitis B. It's not an infection easily transferred from patient to
staff. Very simple precautions of hygiene can make it completely safe," he said.
On the aspect of AIDS antibody-positive carriers, he said: ""The problems of
people who are told they carry the antibody are very big and they face profound
decisions which they have to make, effecting their sex lives in terms of
spreading infection to other people. ""That applies not only to homosexuals but
haemophiliacs and people who have had infected blood transfusions. ""Some are
married men who want their wives to have babies. There are terrible problems for
these people. ""There are now strategies in place for each State to train people
for counselling roles and that is a very major exercise." PROFESSOR Penington .
. . spread of AIDS is slowing.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PIC OF DR D G PENNINGTON

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1985 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             995 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Vallejo Times Herald (California)

                            November 25, 2012 Sunday

Solano AIDS Coalition spokesman will remember on World AIDS Day

BYLINE: /By Rich Freedman

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 1008 words


Imagine every human in Canada gone. All 33 million residents.

That's the estimate of how many people in the world have HIV today, with roughly
25 million dying from AIDS between 1981 and 2007.

And that's why World AIDS Day, celebrated every Dec. 1 since 1988, remains a
viable event, said Mario Saucedo of the Solano AIDS Coalition.

"This disease, it's taken millions," Saucedo said. "Honoring World AIDS Day is
very important for the awareness that AIDS is still here, but also that we have
to remember all those whose lives we lost."

During the peak of the AIDS pandemic in the 1980s, Saucedo lived in Los Angeles.
One by one, his friends died. And every Dec. 1, he has emotional flashbacks.

"I don't want to cry right now, but I can tell you, that it's the day I remember
everyone who passed away," he said. "It can still happen to everyone and we need
to continue to educate and to not stop talking about it."

Several area events

Several area events acknowledge World AIDS Day, including the Solano AIDS
Coalition's thrift store at Georgia and Marin streets offering live music from
noon to 5 p.m. to complement the downtown Mad Hatter Festival.

Elsewhere in the county, Solano Community College declared Saturday "World AIDS
Day" and urged participation in activities and observations "designed to
increase awareness and understanding of HIV/AIDS."

Activities on the SCC Campus are Wednesday, Dec. 5, with a World AIDS Day
education table and free, confidential HIV testing.

World AIDS Day, said school president Jowel Laguerre, "is emblematic of the
power of everyone to get involved and to help to effect change."

In Vallejo, jazz producer and musician Norman Connors and sax player Kim Waters
perform at the California Maritime Academy in a World AIDS Day Benefit Concert,
with proceeds helping the Women's Empowerment Conference's Teen Expo in March
that includes HIV/AIDS education.

"We celebrate those who have made it and those who did not by celebrating and
honoring them as we continue to educate the masses," said Eva Cooley of the
Women's Empowerment Conference.

At Moschetti's coffee roasting, a free community coffee is augmented by a poster
designed by Vallejo photographer Steve Jacobson, with a donation for a signed
copy going to the Solano AIDS Coalition.

"Too many people have died and are still dying from AIDS because of ignorance
and apathy," Jacobson said. "So many do not want to know and too many do not
care. That's what organizations like the SAC do."

Jacobson said he was "happy to do what little I can do to help" by donating his
talents for the 24 inch by 36 inch lithograph inspired by Belgian surrealist
Rene Francois Chislain Magritte.

Moschetti's owner, Fabrice Moschetti, said the community should do what it can
to support the Solano AIDS Coalition and events connected to World AIDS Day.

Moschetti, a native of France, acknowledged that, like the U.S., his home
country's media has pushed HIV/AIDS to the back pages.

Yet, he noted, while "they are close to getting the solution, people still need
to be protected."

"Kids now, they weren't born when (the pandemic hit)," Moschetti said. "I
remember the 1980s, when (late actor) Rock Hudson arrived in Paris. He was so
thin. It was like 'what happened?' "

Hudson, in the closet as a gay man most of his acting career, fell to AIDS in
1985.

"So many have died," Moschetti said.

Which, said Saucedo, is why the education can't stop.

"We just want the support of the community. Just show up to any event that
focuses on World AIDS Day," Saucedo said.

Calvin De Ville, interviewed at the thrift shop, said people need that constant
reminder "that HIV is still here and that there is still not a cure for it and
we need to stay safe."

'I lost everyone'

In memory of those who died, Saucedo said he'll never stop his HIV/AIDS
education campaign.

Born in Mexico, Saucedo was 20 when his father died.

"We lost everything, but I had to take care of my family," Saucedo said, so he
left for Southern California.

Despite an expected career as a veterinarian, Saucedo "dreamed of becoming a
special effects artist" after watching the motion picture, "Frankenstein."

"I wanted to do monsters," he said, eventual working 24 years in Hollywood.

Then AIDS started obliterating his colleagues and friends. And Saucedo numbed
his feelings with drugs and alcohol.

"I lost everyone," he said. "And I was doing things I wasn't supposed to do."

It wasn't long before that when Saucedo had all the money he could spend. He
even had his own driver.

"Too young, too much, too soon," he said.

He needed to leave it all and moved to Fairfield before relocating to Vallejo
"and I started working 100 percent with HIV."

The mass hysteria of AIDS subsided. But the disease continued taking friends.

"Everyone thinks HIV is gone or is controlled by medications," Saucedo said.
"But people can take HIV meds and have heart problems or liver or kidney
problems. A lot of people say HIV/AIDS is not killing any more. But
complications that come with the disease, that's going to kill you," Saucedo
said.

Unlike Southern California "where everyone talks about" HIV/AIDS, Saucedo said
Solano County "is a very conservative area. You don't talk about it. But it's
not going anywhere."

The government, he said, isn't helping "by talking away so many programs, the
state is taking away so many programs."

So Saucedo continues the fight, vowing to keep working with local Planned
Parenthood and other agencies that deal with HIV/AIDS, plus local volunteers.

"I'm always going to talking about HIV no matter what," Saucedo said.

Local World AIDS Day events:

Solano AIDS Coalition (SAC) Thrift Store -- Dec. 1, music 2 to 9 p.m., education
materials, 401 Georgia St., Vallejo, free HIV testing, OZCAT radio broadcast.
(707) 450-5861.

Moschetti's -- Dec., 1, free coffee, with donations for signed Steve Jacobson
lithograph to the SAC, at its facility behind gravel driveway at Solano Avenue
and Curtola Parkway, Vallejo, (707) 556-9000.

Solano Community College -- Dec. 5, free HIV testing, education table, SCC
campus, (707) 864-7000 ext, 4306.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mario Saucedo of the Solano AIDS Coalition stands in front of the
S.A.C. Thrift Shop and a banner 'Helping Hands,' by local youth who pledge to
fight HIV. (Lanz Christian Ba es/Times-Herald

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 The Times-Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             996 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Sun Herald (Sydney, Australia)

                            October 27, 1991 Sunday
                                  Late Edition

AUSTRALIAN MEDICS SPLIT OVER AIDS TESTS

BYLINE: JANE SOUTHWARD

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 422 words


AUSTRALIAN health workers remain divided on the issue of AIDS testing.

The NSW branch of the Australian Medical Association - representing doctors-
says any doctor with the AIDS virus should not conduct surgery or invasive
procedures.

The association's policy also says surgeons and anaesthetists should be tested
for AIDS every six months.

Needle-stick injuries involving known or suspected patients with the AIDS virus
must be reported immediately and AZT treatment begun within minutes, under the
policy.

The AMA's NSW branch president, Dr Stuart Boland, said patients had a right to
know that their doctor did not have the AIDS virus just as doctors had a right
to test patients for AIDS before surgery or emergency treatment.

Dr Boland conceded that AIDS testing for doctors was costly.

But he said it was a cost that should be met because AIDS was infectious and had
no cure.

But the NSW Nurses' Association and the Health and Research Employees Union-
representing technicians, laboratory workers and cleaners - are opposed to mass
testing.

Both unions say AIDS testing should be voluntary.

HREA's NSW secretary, Harry White, said workers found to have the AIDS virus
could be discriminated against if they had to be tested as part of a work
contract.

Mr White said the National Health and Medical Research Council guidelines to
prevent the transmission of AIDS, which include the wearing of gloves and masks,
were sufficient to protect workers and patients from contracting the disease.

He said opposition to compulsory testing had nothing to do with the cost of
tests and everything to do with workers' civil rights.

Nurses Association assistant general secretary Velma Gersbach agreed. She said
while workers at risk were encouraged to be tested for AIDS the association was
opposed to compulsory testing.

Ms Gersbach knew of no nurse who had contracted the AIDS virus at work.

Dr Boland said he did not know how many workers had contracted AIDS at work but
believed the odds were one in 200 of contracting the AIDS virus through being
pricked with a needle contaminated with infected blood.

The NSW Chief Health Officer, Dr Sue Morey, said a committee was preparing a
report on the issue but meanwhile there was no routine testing of health
workers.

She said the possibility of a health care worker transmitting the AIDS virus to
a patient was "extremely rare".

Yet from May 1989 to October 1991, 74 health workers had been put on AZT after
coming in contact with AIDS-infected blood.

"The policy is one of universal precaution," Dr Morey said.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Port: IN FAVOUR: Dr Stuart Boland.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1991 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             997 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 3, 1988, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Serum From Virus Carriers Found to Help AIDS Patients

BYLINE: By GINA KOLATA

SECTION: Section 1; Page 9, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 597 words


Injected serum from healthy carriers of the AIDS virus apparently cleared the
virus from the blood of patients who were ill with AIDS, two recent studies have
found. But the studies did not establish whether this experimental treatment can
prolong the lives of AIDS patients, and scientists urged caution in interpreting
the results.

One of the studies, by Dr. Abraham Karpas and colleagues at Cambridge University
Clinical School in England, involved 10 patients with AIDS or AIDS-related
complex, which consists of symptoms just short of AIDS.

All the patients received the serum treatments every month. Nine are still alive
10 months after the study began, Dr. Karpas said in a telephone interview, and
have no detectable viral proteins, a sign of viral activity, in their blood. His
study appears in the December issue of Proceedings of the National Academy of
Sciences.

Patients With Advanced AIDS

The second study, by Dr. George Gee Jackson of the London Hospital Medical
College in England, Dr. James T. Perkins of the University of Illinois College
of Medicine in Chicago and others, involved six patients with advanced AIDS. The
patients received one serum treatment, which appeared to temporarily eliminate
AIDS virus proteins from their blood. That study was in the Sept. 17 issue of
The Lancet, a British medical journal.

Such serum therapy ''is a tried and true therapy for other diseases,'' observed
Dr. Jeffrey Laurence of Cornell University Medical College in New York. ''You'd
like to believe it worked,'' for AIDS, he said. But he cautioned that although
the new studies ''are an interesting first step,'' the treatment needs further
study to show whether it is helpful.

The rationale for the serum treatments is researchers' observation that patients
make antibodies to AIDS virus proteins early in the course of an AIDS virus
infection. At this time, the patients are well. Later, as patients become ill,
for unknown reasons the antibodies disappear from their blood.

One interpretation of the recent studies is that antibodies help keep the virus
in check and patients who lack these antibodies can no longer hold off the
virus. If this interpretation is correct, the investigators reasoned, they could
give AIDS patients a replenished supply of antibodies from the blood of
still-healthy carriers of the virus, possibly helping the patients fight the
disease.

But scientists are not sure whether the disappearance of antibodies in ill AIDS
patients is a cause or an effect of the disease. Evidence also indicates that
the AIDS virus, even when not detectable in blood, tends to lurk in various
cells of the body, suggesting that any benefits from the serum therapy might be
temporary.

In a study last year, Dr. Alfred Prince of the New York Blood Center found that
injected antibodies against the AIDS virus did not protect chimpanzees from the
virus. Although data from chimpanzees do not provide conclusive evidence about
humans, this finding suggests that the antibodies may be unable to stop an AIDS
infection, Dr. Laurence said. In addition, serum from healthy AIDS carriers
could contain AIDS viruses. ''That's very important because you don't want to
add more virus,'' Dr. Laurence said.

Dr. Karpas is starting a much larger study that will involve 90 men with AIDS in
which some will receive serum from healthy AIDS carriers and some will receive
serum from people who are not infected. The study will also include the use of
AZT, the only drug that is approved for marketing in this country to prolong the
lives of AIDS patients.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             998 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                May 30, 1987, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

ST. CLARE'S IS IN TURMOIL OVER STATE'S AIDS PLAN

BYLINE: By RONALD SULLIVAN

SECTION: Section 1; Page 49, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 768 words


The medical staff of St. Clare's Hospital was in turmoil yesterday and preparing
for an emergency meeting to consider a highly controversial state plan that
would turn St. Clare's into the first hospital in New York City to treat only
AIDS and related illnesses.

According to the hospital's medical and surgical chiefs, fear of AIDS was
already scaring patients away and some doctors were looking for other hospitals
to admit their patients.

The New York Health Systems Agency had recommended that St. Clare's, a 250-bed,
community hospital at 426 West 52d Street, be converted to a ''specialty
hospital offering a full range of comprehensive services for the care of AIDS
patients.''

The federally sponsored agency is empowered by the state to draft an overall
hospital plan for the city. #50 Beds for Non-AIDS Cases As part of the
conversion, the agency said that by 1990, St. Clare's should reduce to 50 the
number of beds reserved for non-AIDS cases.

However, Raymond Sweeney, director of the State Health Department's Office of
Health Systems Management, said ''It would make sense down the road'' to convert
the entire hospital to the care of AIDS as the epidemic spreads in the city.

The president of St. Clare's, Richard N. Yezzo, said he was ''bitterly opposed''
to the plan. He said he wanted St. Clare's to continue as an AIDS center and as
a community hospital serving the Clinton section of the West Side.

The state's plan has upset many physicians at St. Clare's and an emergency
meeting of the hospital's 250 staff doctors has been called for next week to
consider the plan and the hospital's response.

''We already are having difficulty convincing our private patients to come to
St. Clare's because of their misconceptions and the fear that surrounds AIDS,''
said Dr. Theodore N. Flogaites, chief of vascular surgery and vice president of
the medical staff.

Modern-Day Leper Colony

''Some patients simply have refused to come here,'' he said, adding that
converting St. Clare's into an AIDS hospital would be like creating a modern-day
leper colony.

Dr. Julian B. Hyman, chief of medicine, said the hospital's previous designation
by the state as an AIDS center and the 60 or so AIDS patients it now treats were
already causing problems for younger, less established staff members.

Adding more AIDS patients would only drive more patients away, the two doctors
said. They also said in an interview that most of the hospital's 250 private
attending physicians would be forced to leave if the hospital was given over
entirely to AIDS paitients.

In addition to St. Clare's, the grim prospect of treating more AIDS patients is
an important issue at other hospitals in the city that have seen large sections
of their medical floors taken up by increasing numbers of AIDS patients.

St. Clare's, a private, Roman Catholic hospital, and Bellevue Hospital Center, a
municipal institution, now admit more AIDS patients than any other hospitals in
the country. #1,000 AIDS Patients a Day Dr. David Axelrod, the State Health
Commissioner, who has praised St. Clare's for the care it gives to AIDS
patients, has predicted that more than twice as many hospital beds as are now
used will be needed for AIDS patients in the city in 1991. On any given day,
nearly 1,000 AIDS patients are hospitalized.

Thus far, more than 30,000 cases have been reported nationally, 10,000 of them
here. More than 6,400 persons have died of AIDS, or acquired immune deficiency
syndrome, an illness which is caused by the HIV virus. The virus attacks the
immune system, leaving victims , prey to a variety of fatal illnesses. The major
risk groups are sexually active homosexuals and intravenous drug users and their
sexual partners.

Peter Slocum, a state health department spokesman, said the agency's plan would
be submitted to the State Hospital Review and Planning Council next month for
discussion. He said the council, a branch of the department that is empowered to
approve major changes in hospital construction and services, is expected to act
on the proposal this fall.

The state regulates the services and size of both private and public hospitals
on the ground that public funds in the form of government health insurance and
state-regulated private insurance accounted for more than 90 percent of all
hospital income.

Asked what would happen if St. Clare's resisted the state's plan, Mr. Slocum
said the Health Department ''could go to court to seek compliance with any
action taken by hospital council or the department.''

''But,'' he said, ''I don't think it will ever come to that.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             999 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                May 16, 1985, Thursday, Late City Final Edition
                              Correction Appended

SENATE VOTES A $12.8 MILLION FOREIGN AID BILL

BYLINE: By SHIRLEY CHRISTIAN, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 13, Column 1; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 661 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 15


The Senate approved a $12.8 billion foreign aid bill by an overwhelming majority
today after agreeing not to take up the issue of aid to Nicaraguan rebels.

Approval of the bill, for the fiscal year 1986, was by a vote of 75 to 19 after
two days of debate in which 46 amendments were offered and 34 accepted.

Senator Richard G. Lugar, chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, said
after the vote that he had been ''asking people not to get into Nicaragua
today.''

Senator Lugar, who is an Indiana Republican, said the Nicaragua question would
come up in other circumstances by the time the House of Representatives and the
Senate meet in conference on a foreign aid bill. The House is scheduled to begin
floor debate on Thursday on its version of the bill.

The Senator said he had feared that consideration of resumption of aid to the
Nicaraguan rebels as part of the foreign aid bill would have opened up a
full-scale debate that would have hurt chances for passage. It has been a matter
of pride to Senator Lugar to win passage of a foreign aid bill this year. Since
1981, foreign aid has been disbursed under continuing resolutions.

Among the amendments approved was a measure in which the Senate said that future
aid to the Philippines should be conditional on progress in insuring political
democracy and human rights.

The warning, conveyed in a ''sense of the Senate'' amendment, adopted 89 to 8,
does not carry the force of law and has no impact on the $195 million in aid for
the Philippines in the bill, which is for the fiscal year beginning Oct. 1.

However, it puts the Senate on record as willing to reduce or eliminate aid to
the Philippines in the future.

In other amendments to the foreign aid authorization bill, the Senate approved
nonmilitary aid to non-Communist Cambodian rebels and to the Afghans; curbed aid
to nations that are the source of cocaine, and authorized a total of $2 billion
in supplemental 1985 aid to Israel and Egypt.

The amendment on the Philippines, proposed by Senator John F. Kerry, Democrat of
Massachusetts, said that, in granting future aid, Congress would want to see
''sufficient progress'' toward free and honest elections, freedom of speech and
press, establishment of the writ of habeas corpus, release of political
prisoners and open prosecution of those responsible for the slaying of Benigno
S. Aquino Jr., the opposition leader.

The amendment on aid to the Cambodian rebels, adopted on a voice vote today,
says $5 million may be provided to non-Communist insurgents if aid is also
provided by countries belonging to the Association of Southeast Asian Nations.
The sponsor, Senator Frank H. Murkowski, Republican of Alaska, said the money
could be used for military or humanitarian purposes.

On Tuesday, the Senate authorized $15 million for food, medicine and other
humanitarian direct aid to the Afghans. The C.I.A. has been providing covert
military aid to the rebels fighting the Soviet-backed Government.

Of the $12.8 billion in the bill, $6.3 billion is for military aid, of which
nearly three-fourths will be divided among Israel, Egypt, Turkey and Greece.
There is $3.8 billion in economic support funds, more than half going to Israel
and Egypt, and $2.1 billion in development assistance. ----Latins Assail U.S.
Embargo CARACAS, Venezuela, May 15 (Reuters) - Twenty-four Latin American
nations have called on the United States to lift its embargo on Nicaragua and
have pledged efforts to help the Central American country.

The nations acted as members of the Latin American Economic System, a regional
consulting arrangement set up in 1975, with headquarters here. ----Europeans
Critical of U.S.

BRUSSELS, May 15 (Reuters) -The European Economic Community's executive
committee today proposed a political cooperation agreement with four Central
American nations, including Nicaragua, underlining its opposition to the United
States trade embargo against Nicaragua, diplomats said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: May 17, 1985, Friday, Late City Final Edition

CORRECTION:

A headline yesterday with a Washington dispatch about the Senate's approval of a
foreign aid bill misstated the amount of aid. It is $12.8 billion.

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             1000 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                             Genuine First Aid LLC

                                600 Cleveland St
                                    Ste 450
                             Clearwater,  FL 33755
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 866-500-9129
URL: http://www.genuinefirstaid.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 35600589

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  ANSI, MIL SPEC
GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Genuine First Aid LLC is a distributor, and supplier, and focussed on First Aid,
First Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, Tourniquets, Kit Packaging, and 6 other
Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Genuine First Aid LLC does
business in the Aerospace, Automotive, and Biomedical Industries, as well as 21
other major Manufacturing Industries. Genuine First Aid LLC has at least 2
business locations. The company describes itself via it's website thusly:
"Genuine First Aid, LLC supplies first aid kits, ansi first aid kits, osha first
aid kits and other health and saftey related products to many clients, and a
number of large retail distributors selling to the industrial market."
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; supplier; Other Miscellaneous Nondurable Goods
Merchant Wholesalers

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
42499000
SIC CODES:
51999912
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies
     ·    Tourniquets


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Kit Packaging
     ·    Packaging


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Construction
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Marine
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Acid
     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Aluminum Alloys
     ·    Ammonium
     ·    Bismuth
     ·    Bismuth Subsalicylate
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Gels
     ·    Nitriles
     ·    Nylon
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Silicone
     ·    Silicones
     ·    Silver
     ·    Stainless Steel
     ·    Steel
     ·    Urethane
     ·    Zeolites
     ·    Zinc Oxide


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Absorbents, Acetaminophen, Acid, Additives, Adhesive Tapes,
Alcohol, Aluminum Alloys, Ammonium, Analgesics, Antacids, Antibiotics,
Antiseptics, Applicators, Aspirin, Backgrounds, Backpacks, Battens, Beads,
Bearings, Bismuth, Bismuth Subsalicylate, Blisters, Boats, Boots, Breathers,
Brushes, Business Cards, Buttons, Carrying Cases, Catheters, Chemicals,
Clothing, Compasses, Compressed Air, Control Centers, Cosmetics, Cotton, Cotton
Tip Applicators, Cuffs, Desks, Diagnostic Instruments, Digital Thermometers,
Elements, Emergency Kits, Emergency Shelters, Examination Gloves, Face Shields,
Feet, Fiber, First Aid, First Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, Food Additives,
Games, Gaskets, Gears, Gels, Guides, Hatches, Kit Packaging, Latex Gloves,
Lights, Lubricants, Luers, Masks, Mesh Bags, Metal Grommets, Mil Spec,
Motorcycles, Mountings, Nitriles, Non-Woven Fabrics, Nylon, Ointments,
Organizers, Packaging, Panels, Pants, Patches, Pesticides, Plastic Cases,
Plastic Vials, Plastics, Purses, Radios, Registers, Removers, Rescue Breathers,
Rings, Rounds, Rubber, Safety Awards, Salt, Scrub Brushes, Scrubs, Shears,
Sheds, Sheets, Shelters, Shirts, Showrooms, Signals, Silicone, Silicones,
Silver, Silver Coatings, Skis, Sleeves, Snowboards, Soap, Socks, Sprays,
Stainless Steel, Staple Removers, Staplers, Steel, Stethoscopes, Stoppers,
Strikers, Sunscreens, Survival Kits, Syringes, Tarps, Teas, Telephones, Tents,
Thermometers, Thin Films, Toilets, Tongue Depressors, Tourniquets, Towelettes,
Towels, Urethane, Utility Cabinets, Vinyl Gloves, Waterproof Bags, X-Ray,
Zeolites, Zinc Oxide, Zippers

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017
