
                               1 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday

Governor Tomblin Presents 12 Communities with Small Cities Block Grants

LENGTH: 970  words

DATELINE: New York



 CHARLESTON: Office of the Governor West Virginia  has issued the following news
release:



 Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin today presented more than $12 million in Small Cities
Block Grant funds for 12 critical infrastructure projects to support communities
across West Virginia. In total, more than $47 million in other federal, state
and local funds will support these projects, serving more than 6,500 residents
and approximately 1,000 West Virginia households, improving infrastructure
reliability statewide.





 "During my time as governor, we have awarded hundreds of improvement projects
to cities and communities across West Virginia, and I am pleased to continue
that tradition once more with these awards," Gov. Tomblin said. "The economic
development projects and infrastructure improvements supported by the Small
Cities Block Grant program truly do make a difference. Not only do they improve
our statewide infrastructure and poise West Virginia for future economic growth,
they support West Virginia households in need and improve the quality of life
for our residents."



     Small Cities Block Grant funding is provided by the U.S. Department of
Housing and Urban Development. The Community Development Division of the West
Virginia Development Office manages the administration of these funds.



 TOWN OF CAIRO (Ritchie County)

 $1,500,000

 This $2.5 million project will enable the Town of Cairo to repair its
wastewater treatment plant. The project will correct many deficiencies within
the aging system and will ensure its reliability.



 TOWN OF CHAPMANVILLE (Logan)

 $1,500,000

 This $2.53 million project will improve the water system serving more than 900
existing residential households and businesses in the Town of Chapmanville and
surrounding areas through system upgrades and the replacement of leaking water
lines.



 TOWN OF CLAY (Clay County)

 $1,500,000

 This $2.3 million project will include the construction of nearly 4.5 miles of
new water lines to bring water to more than 54 households currently served by
private water supplies. The project will include construction of a new water
storage tank, booster station and related improvements, including fire
protection, in this unserved area.



 TOWN OF DAVIS (Tucker County)

 $200,000

 This $2.34 million project will replace the existing water system serving the
town, which is antiquated and plagued by frequent line breaks. The project will
also include the rehabilitation of a water impoundment and water treatment plant
updates to serve more than 430 residential households and businesses.



 GREENBRIER COUNTY COMMISSION

 $1,300,000

 This $10 million project will enable the Greenbrier County Public Service
District to extend water service to 405 unserved households in Crawley,
Shawver's Crossing, Sam Black Church, Clintonville, Alta, Willamsburg and Trout.
The installation of water lines, hydrants and a storage tank will also include
an interconnection with the Town of Rupert. Overall, this project will serve
more than 900 households.



 MCDOWELL COUNTY COMMISSION

 $1,300,000

 This $1.95 million project is the first phase in the construction of the
Coalwood Sewer System which replaces an outdated system that allows raw sewage
discharge into the Clear Fork River, a tributary to the Tug Fork River.
Long-term plans include the development of a system to serve additional area
residents.



 MARION COUNTY COMMISSION

 $1,261,306

 This $2.14 million project will allow the Colfax Public Service District to
decommission its waste water treatment plant and extend the Colfax sewage system
to the Kingmill Valley Public Service District. This project will serve 126
households and protect public water sources by halting overflow into the Tygart
River.



 MINGO COUNTY COMMISSION

 $1,500,000

 This $4.79 million project will enable the Mingo County Public Service District
to complete the Beech Creek water extension project. This project will provide
dependable water service and fire protection to 252 unserved households that
currently rely on private water sources.



 TOWN OF PAX (Fayette County)

 $200,000

 This $2.3 million project will provide 52 households in the Willis Branch area
with public sewer service to alleviate contamination of the local watershed. The
project will also upgrade the existing Town of Pax treatment facility which will
benefit more than 160 households and increase capacity for future expansion.



 CITY OF RICHWOOD (Nicholas County)

 $1,300,000

 This $6.53 million project will upgrade and expand water service to the Hinkle
Mountain and Little Laurel areas of the city in which residents do not have a
reliable source of water. The upgrade will benefit approximately 1,200
households, and extend water service to 100 unserved households.



 UPSHUR COUNTY COMMISSION

 $283,434

 This $6.5 million project will make improvements to the Elkins Road Public
Service District water distribution system and extend new water service to 82
households which currently rely on private water supplies and wells with poor
quality water.  In all, more than 1,100 households will benefit from this
project.



 TOWN OF WEST UNION (Doddridge County)

 $200,000

 This $3.5 million project will improve infrastructure in the Wabash area of the
Town of West Union to Middle Island Creek through the construction of a new
sanitary sewer system.  More than 100 households will directly benefit from this
project, while the project will improve environmental conditions in the
surrounding area.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               2 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday

Governor Tomblin Presents 12 Communities with Small Cities Block Grants

LENGTH: 970  words

DATELINE: New York



 CHARLESTON: Office of the Governor West Virginia  has issued the following news
release:



 Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin today presented more than $12 million in Small Cities
Block Grant funds for 12 critical infrastructure projects to support communities
across West Virginia. In total, more than $47 million in other federal, state
and local funds will support these projects, serving more than 6,500 residents
and approximately 1,000 West Virginia households, improving infrastructure
reliability statewide.





 "During my time as governor, we have awarded hundreds of improvement projects
to cities and communities across West Virginia, and I am pleased to continue
that tradition once more with these awards," Gov. Tomblin said. "The economic
development projects and infrastructure improvements supported by the Small
Cities Block Grant program truly do make a difference. Not only do they improve
our statewide infrastructure and poise West Virginia for future economic growth,
they support West Virginia households in need and improve the quality of life
for our residents."



     Small Cities Block Grant funding is provided by the U.S. Department of
Housing and Urban Development. The Community Development Division of the West
Virginia Development Office manages the administration of these funds.



 TOWN OF CAIRO (Ritchie County)

 $1,500,000

 This $2.5 million project will enable the Town of Cairo to repair its
wastewater treatment plant. The project will correct many deficiencies within
the aging system and will ensure its reliability.



 TOWN OF CHAPMANVILLE (Logan)

 $1,500,000

 This $2.53 million project will improve the water system serving more than 900
existing residential households and businesses in the Town of Chapmanville and
surrounding areas through system upgrades and the replacement of leaking water
lines.



 TOWN OF CLAY (Clay County)

 $1,500,000

 This $2.3 million project will include the construction of nearly 4.5 miles of
new water lines to bring water to more than 54 households currently served by
private water supplies. The project will include construction of a new water
storage tank, booster station and related improvements, including fire
protection, in this unserved area.



 TOWN OF DAVIS (Tucker County)

 $200,000

 This $2.34 million project will replace the existing water system serving the
town, which is antiquated and plagued by frequent line breaks. The project will
also include the rehabilitation of a water impoundment and water treatment plant
updates to serve more than 430 residential households and businesses.



 GREENBRIER COUNTY COMMISSION

 $1,300,000

 This $10 million project will enable the Greenbrier County Public Service
District to extend water service to 405 unserved households in Crawley,
Shawver's Crossing, Sam Black Church, Clintonville, Alta, Willamsburg and Trout.
The installation of water lines, hydrants and a storage tank will also include
an interconnection with the Town of Rupert. Overall, this project will serve
more than 900 households.



 MCDOWELL COUNTY COMMISSION

 $1,300,000

 This $1.95 million project is the first phase in the construction of the
Coalwood Sewer System which replaces an outdated system that allows raw sewage
discharge into the Clear Fork River, a tributary to the Tug Fork River.
Long-term plans include the development of a system to serve additional area
residents.



 MARION COUNTY COMMISSION

 $1,261,306

 This $2.14 million project will allow the Colfax Public Service District to
decommission its waste water treatment plant and extend the Colfax sewage system
to the Kingmill Valley Public Service District. This project will serve 126
households and protect public water sources by halting overflow into the Tygart
River.



 MINGO COUNTY COMMISSION

 $1,500,000

 This $4.79 million project will enable the Mingo County Public Service District
to complete the Beech Creek water extension project. This project will provide
dependable water service and fire protection to 252 unserved households that
currently rely on private water sources.



 TOWN OF PAX (Fayette County)

 $200,000

 This $2.3 million project will provide 52 households in the Willis Branch area
with public sewer service to alleviate contamination of the local watershed. The
project will also upgrade the existing Town of Pax treatment facility which will
benefit more than 160 households and increase capacity for future expansion.



 CITY OF RICHWOOD (Nicholas County)

 $1,300,000

 This $6.53 million project will upgrade and expand water service to the Hinkle
Mountain and Little Laurel areas of the city in which residents do not have a
reliable source of water. The upgrade will benefit approximately 1,200
households, and extend water service to 100 unserved households.



 UPSHUR COUNTY COMMISSION

 $283,434

 This $6.5 million project will make improvements to the Elkins Road Public
Service District water distribution system and extend new water service to 82
households which currently rely on private water supplies and wells with poor
quality water.  In all, more than 1,100 households will benefit from this
project.



 TOWN OF WEST UNION (Doddridge County)

 $200,000

 This $3.5 million project will improve infrastructure in the Wabash area of the
Town of West Union to Middle Island Creek through the construction of a new
sanitary sewer system.  More than 100 households will directly benefit from this
project, while the project will improve environmental conditions in the
surrounding area.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               3 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                           November 20, 2014 Thursday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

It's easy to claim (EURO)100 grant - but you won't get it until September;
SUBSIDY

BYLINE: Aideen Sheehan

SECTION: WATER CHARGES;NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 633 words


ALL households including those on group water schemes will get a (EURO)100 water
subsidy - but it will be September 2015 before it is paid.

The new payment will be paid out on a one-off basis rather than on a quarterly
system as previously envisaged, the Department of Social Protection has
confirmed.

The payment is not means tested, and all householders will be able to apply for
it on their primary residence - including those on group water schemes or with
private supplies - as long as they register with Irish Water.

The new Water Conservation Grant replaces the former water charges rebate of
(EURO)100 to long-term social welfare recipients and the 20pc tax break on water
charges announced in last month's budget.

The key difference is that it will be available to all households - the previous
system excluded many people on low wages or short-term welfare payments such as
jobseekers' benefit.

The new subsidy will require each household to register with Irish Water by
February 2 and then to apply to the Department of Social Protection, which will
administer payment on behalf of the Department of the Environment.

Those who have already registered with Irish Water don't need to do so again,
although they may amend their details to reflect the fact that all children
under 18 now qualify for the child water allowance, and not only those on child
benefit.

Households will have to supply information and confirm that the home in question
is their primary dwelling.

"The grant will be paid to all householders annually in respect of their primary
dwellings, with the first payment to be paid in September 2015 and each
subsequent year up to and including 2018," the department said in a statement.

It said it was putting structures in place to administer the scheme and would
announce full details when they were finalised.

'The key difference is that it will be available to all households - the
previous system excluded many people on low wages or short-term welfare payments
such as jobseekers' benefit' "The water conservation grant replaces the tax
rebate and social protection measures previously announced, as it is a more
straightforward means of addressing water issues for all households on equal
terms and will reduce households' outlay on water services both now and in the
future."

A spokesperson confirmed (EURO)100 would be paid once a year rather than
(EURO)25 per quarter, as envisaged with the previously announced social welfare
water subsidy.

Customers who receive the water conservation grant will already have been liable
for two quarterly payments to Irish Water, meaning most households will have
been billed (EURO)130 while single-person households will have been billed
(EURO)80 by the time they get it.

It is believed customers who do not have a bank account to receive the payment
will be able to get it through the post office network, as is currently the case
with other social welfare payments, although the details have yet to be
clarified.

It was not being paid until September because it will take some time to get the
system up and running.

Environment Minister Alan Kelly said that households in group water schemes
which register with Irish Water will be able to get the subsidy.

This includes those on private schemes which have no interaction with Irish
Water, and those on public schemes which receive water from public supplies but
manage their networks and set their own charges.

The Department of Environment said that the payment was being made on a
universal basis to all households for their primary residence, because this was
fairer and did not exclude any primary residences.

'The key difference is that it will be available to all households - the
previous system excluded many people on low wages or short-term welfare payments
such as jobseekers' benefit'

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Corkman (Ireland)

                               November 27, 2014
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Conservation grant welcomed;
IN BRIEF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 183 words


CORK North West TD Michael Creed has welcomed the inclusion of those with
private wells and septic tanks in the eligibility for the (EURO)100 Water
Conservation Grant.

"I am pleased that those who have invested heavily in installing their own
private water infrastructure will now receive financial assistance for the
upkeep of their wells and septic tanks and are being acknowledged for their
contribution to water conservation and environmental protection," said Deputy
Creed.

Under the new grant (EURO)100 will be made available to all households who
register with Irish Water, regardless of whether they will be customers or not.
This grant will be paid by the Department of Social Protection.

" I would advise all households to register with Irish Water before the closing
date of February 2, 2015," said Deputy Creed.

"This grant is particularly welcome in Cork North West, where a significant
number of households have their own private water source and waste water
treatment systems. These systems come at a significant initial cost as well as
an ongoing maintenance and running cost," he added.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CMN


             Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                          February 15, 2017 Wednesday

Water leak repairs to be carried out by Irish Water are being held up

SECTION: IRELAND

LENGTH: 380 words


Irish Water managing director Jerry Grant said that the average leakage found
under driveways amounted to six tonnes of wasted water a day, equal to amounts
used by over 20 households.

The committee also heard that some 5% of households were responsible for almost
a third of water used, mainly due to leaks.

TDs and senators on the Oireachtas Water Committee yesterday sought answers
about the installing, use and practicality of water meters in Ireland. Members
must agree recommendations for the future of water charges by the middle of next
month, before a Dáil vote follows.

Mr Grant said only 50,000 out of an estimated 100,000 households had replied or
agreed to repairs for water leaks. In some cases, two to three letters were sent
to households to get access to fix leaks. Up to 28,000 of those properties have
had leaks repaired to date.

6,500 or nearly 7,000 of those are under gardens and driveways, 21,000 in homes.
The total amount of water that is no longer recorded by those 28,000 meters is
77 million litres per day,  Mr Grant said.

He told members that Irish Water repairs from its free first fix policy for
households had saved this amount. This equated to the entire amount used by
Galway City and county in a day.

Up to 893,000 meters have now been installed in households. But the process of
meter installation has been frozen while the pros and cons of the charging
system are debated by the Oireachtas. Mr Grant said there were 4,407 district
meters across the country, including 750 in Dublin, which assess usage for whole
communities.

The committee heard from Scottish Water last week which said most of its
metering was through district charging, where a general charging system was
applied.

Irish Water has been given  118m over a ten-year period to address leaks,
improve its metering system, part of which has gone to upgrading the district
metering.

However, Mr Grant admitted to TDs that the benefits of specific household meters
without charges or ancillary conservation methods would be  marginal  when it
came to cost saving. Fixing of leaks  dwarfed  all other conservation methods,
he added.

The committee, though, also heard that the fixing of broken water meters cost
between  2m and  3m over two years. This is likely to increase in the coming
years.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               6 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 16, 2011 Friday

Mt. Savage water grants to aid hookups

BYLINE: Matthew Bieniek, Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 445 words


Sept. 16--CUMBERLAND -- Low and moderate income households in Mount Savage could
have the costs of their water and sewer hookups paid for through a grant
agreement obtained by the county, David Nedved, of the county Department of
Economic Development said Thursday. The grant will also help pay for the water
and sewer upgrade to the area.

Allegany County commissioners received the good news during their regular
commission meeting Thursday evening. Commissioners voted to approve the amended
grant agreement with the Maryland Department of Housing and Community
Development.

Households at a variety of income levels will be eligible for the free hookups,
Nedved said.

"A lot of people should be able to benefit from this," Nedved said. The county
already had $819,000 in place for the project and now an additional $600,000 is
available. That will pay for 8,600 feet of sewer line while the water system is
being built. The state is also approving a reallocation of funding from other
projects for hookup assistance. Those monies will total $153,423, enough to
connect 225 households to the water system at no charge, about $2,500 per
household. The county applied for the additional funding in May. Also at
Thursday's meeting, Thrasher Engineering, Inc., of Oakland was awarded a
planning contract in the amount of $57,360.

The company will prepare the Allegany County Bicycle and Pedestrian Master Plan.
The plan is designed to connect bikers, pedestrians and local transportation
systems into a network throughout Allegany County, county planning staff have
said.

The selected consultant will meet with members of the Cumberland Area
Metropolitan Planning Organization's technical committee to nail down the scope
of the work, the request for proposals stated.

An integrated plan could make more recreational opportunities available for
residents and tourists, Siera Wigfield, a county planner, has said.

Ideally, the plan would provide a way to use the county's transit buses to carry
walkers, hikers and bikers from one path to another when direct access is
limited. And it's not only about recreational uses, the plan would also aid
those walking or biking to work or to shop, Wigfield said.

Commissioners also approved soliciting proposals for operating dirt track auto
racing at the county fairgrounds. Oval Track Promotions currently has a contract
with the county to promote and run the races. That agreement ends in January
2012, according to county staff.

Contact Matthew Bieniek at mbieniek@times-news.com

___ (c)2011 the Cumberland Times News (Cumberland, Md.) Visit the Cumberland
Times News (Cumberland, Md.) at times-news.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110916-UM-Mt-Savage-water-grants-to-aid-hookups-0916-20110916

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2011 Cumberland Times-News


                               7 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Moultrie Observer (Georgia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 31, 2015 Thursday

Funds wil help dig wells

BYLINE: The Moultrie Observer, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 424 words


Dec. 31--WASHINGTON, D.C. -- The Water Well Trust, the only national nonprofit
helping Americans get access to a clean, safe water supply, has received a
second $140,000 grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Household Water
Well Systems program for a project to increase potable water availability to
rural households in Colquitt County and five other Georgia counties.

The Water Well Trust will contribute a $56,000 match towards this project. These
funds were donated by Water Systems Council members at the 2015 WSC Fall
Members' Meeting fundraising golf tournament and auction, according to a press
release from the Water Well Trust.

The USDA grant will fund Water Well Trust projects in six rural Georgia
counties, including Colquitt, Hancock, Jones, Monroe, Murray, and Wilcox. The
USDA grant money will be used to drill at least 22 water wells in these six
counties.

The grant money will provide long-term, low-interest loans to applicants seeking
new or improved water wells in the six-county area, including eight families
that have been on a waiting list since 2012.

The Water Well Trust will work with the Georgia Department of Community Affairs,
Georgia Environmental Finance Authority, the Georgia USDA office and county
administrators in each designated county to notify potential beneficiaries of
the program.

The Water Well Trust was established by the Water Systems Council in 2010 to
provide clean, sanitary drinking water to Americans who lack access to a
reliable water supply and to construct and document small community water
systems using water wells to demonstrate that these systems are more economical.

In 2014, the Water Well Trust received its first USDA grant for a project to
increase potable water availability to rural households in northwest Arkansas
and Oklahoma. That grant is being used to drill or rehabilitate 19 water wells,
providing more than 100 individuals with new access to safe drinking water.

The Water Well Trust also completed a separate project in Ben Hill County, Ga.,
in 2014, replacing an entire water system for a small community. Engineering
estimates to replace the existing, failed water system in Ben Hill County were
in excess of $600,000. The Water Well Trust replaced the system with donated WWT
funds and county funds for just over $81,000 -- an 86 precent savings.

For more information, visit waterwellltrust.org.

___ (c)2015 The Moultrie Observer (Moultrie, Ga.) Visit The Moultrie Observer
(Moultrie, Ga.) at www.moultrieobserver.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151231-GJ-Funds-wil-help-dig-wells-1231-20151231

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GJ


                      Copyright 2015 The Moultrie Observer


                               8 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                      October 27, 2014 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Water Well Trust Receives $140,000 USDA Household Water Well Systems Grant

LENGTH: 383  words


Oct. 27 -- US-based Water Well Trust issued the following news release:

The Water Well Trust, the only national nonprofit helping Americans get access
to a clean, safe water supply, has received a $140,000 grant from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Household Water Well Systems program for a project
to increase potable water availability to rural households in northwest Arkansas
and Oklahoma.

The Water Well Trust will contribute a 51% match towards this project, or
$71,400. These funds were donated by Water Systems Council members.

The USDA grant will fund the Water Well Trust project in a high-need,
low-resource rural target area composed of five counties in northwest Arkansas
(Benton, Madison, Marion, Crawford and Franklin counties) and one contiguous
county across the Oklahoma border (Sequoyah County).

Over the next year, the USDA grant monies will be used to drill or rehabilitate
at least 19 water wells in these six counties, providing at least 145
individuals with new access to safe drinking water.  The grant monies will also
provide long-term, low-interest loans to applicants seeking new or improved
water wells in the six-county area, many of whom have been on a waiting list
maintained by the Water Well Trust since 2012.

The Water Well Trust was established by the Water Systems Council in 2010 to
provide clean, sanitary drinking water to Americans who lack access to a
reliable water supply and to construct and document small community water
systems using water wells to demonstrate that these systems are more economical.

In 2012-13, the Water Well Trust completed two small water well projects using
federal, state, and WWT donated funds.  WWT also set up financing for the well
recipients to pay back a portion of the donated funds. The proven financing
capability of the Water Well Trust was instrumental in helping to meet the
requirements to secure the USDA grant.

In 2014, the Water Well Trust completed its third project in Ben Hill County,
Georgia, replacing an entire water system for a small community.  Engineering
estimates to replace the existing, failed water system in Ben Hill County were
in excess of $600,000. The Water Well Trust replaced the system with donated WWT
funds and county funds for just over $81,000 -- an 86% savings.

Source: Water Well Trust

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Star News (Wilmington, NC)

                            April 14, 2007 Saturday

Water rates increase for sewer grant

BYLINE: Shelby Sebens

SECTION: LOCAL/STATE; Pg. 1b

LENGTH: 315 words


Caswell Beach | Because they're relatively wealthy, Caswell Beach residents will
have to pay higher water rates so the town can get a sewer system grant.

The town council voted Thursday to raise water rates 26 percent so the town can
obtain a $2.5 million grant from the N.C. Clean Water Trust Fund to build its
first sewer system. The new water rates take effect this month; the sewer rates
won't take effect until the sewer system is complete.

An average homeowner in Caswell Beach should expect to pay $82.70 a month for
both services - $34.40 for water and $48.30 for sewer, said Town Administrator
David Hewett. Caswell will still mail bills quarterly, however.

The town is complying with a requirement of the grant that water rates be set at
a certain percentage of a community's household incomes. Because Caswell Beach's
average household income is $61,102, the town's fee structure had to be at a
higher level to obtain the grant, Hewett said.

The grant would help the town construct a sewer system to serve its
approximately 450 residents and the beach houses that fill with summer visitors.

"It's all for water quality," Commissioner Ann Zalewski said of the sewer system
. "The purpose is not development," Zalewski said, adding Caswell Beach is
already developed.

The plan is to eliminate the package plants and septic systems now serving the
residents of Caswell Beach. Oak Island Beach Villas, a condominium unit on
Caswell Beach Road, gets its sewer service from Oak Island because of problems
with its package plant years ago.

Zalewski said the proposed vacuum sewer system is now in the design phase with
WK Dickson and Co. in Wilmington. She predicted Caswell Beach would have a sewer
system within the next year to 18 months.

Zalewski said although there is no exact cost of construction yet, the project
could top $5 million.

Shelby Sebens: 264-8005

shelby.sebens@starnewsonline.com




LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            April 1, 2015 Wednesday

Irish Water customers must register again to qualify for EUR 100 grant;
Grants to be paid in September by Department of Social Protection

BYLINE: Harry McGee

SECTION: IRELAND; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 538 words


Irish Water customers must register for a second time if they are to be entitled
to receive a water conservation grant of EUR 100, the Government has confirmed.

In order to receive the EUR 100 grant, customers must register with Irish Water
by June 30th this year. The grant itself will be paid in September by the
Department of Social Protection.

At the weekly Cabinet meeting yesterday, Ministers approved the process to allow
households to recoup the conservation grants, bringing the annual bill down to
EUR 60 for a household with one adult and EUR 160 for a two-adult household.

A Government spokesman has said that the registration can be made either online
or by phone. Customers will be asked for details of their bank accounts and the
grant of EUR 100 will be paid automatically into their accounts in September.

It is understood that there will be no requirement to provide PPS numbers, but
there will be a need to establish an address as a primary residence.

The payments will be made by Social Protection and not by Irish Water.

Last week, Minister for the Environment Alan Kelly said that the EUR 100 grant,
which will be paid to households that have registered with Irish Water, could be
used towards buying some of the devices available to conserve water, such as
water butts, water displacement devices to reduce water flow in toilets or
aerators to reduce water flow from taps.

Repairs He said the grant could also be used towards repairing a household
plumbing system to reduce water leakage. However, there would be no obligation
on any household to spend the money on specific conservation work.

Mr Kelly said the final date of June 30th for payments was chosen to take
account of the fact that there would be some changes in residency up to that
point.

The strengthened compliance measures also promised by Mr Kelly were not dealt
with at the Cabinet meeting. It is likely that they will be discussed at the
next meeting of Ministers in a fortnight.

The proposed measures signal a ramping-up of pressure by Government to ensure
that householders pay water charges. Under measures being considered by the
Government, Irish Water will be able to deduct water bills directly from wages
and welfare payments.

The introduction of attachment orders, especially in relation to welfare
payments, has not met universal approval in the Government parties.

Minor differences  However, sources said yesterday that the differences over the
application of the tougher compliance measures were minor and technical in
nature, and had led to no difference, either within Cabinet or within the
broader Coalition.

The thinking behind the stepped-up compliance campaign is to create a robust
compliance regime that would give those householders who pay their bills
reassurance that those who have refused to pay will not do so with impunity.

Meanwhile, the volume of leaks uncovered by Irish Water was yesterday described
as "crazy" by Minister for Public Expenditure and Reform Brendan Howlin. Irish
Water claims 46 million litres of water  are leaking from homes every day,
about 7 per cent of total leakage across the State. According to Irish Water,
about 49 per cent of all treated water leaks between processing plant and tap.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                              July 1, 2013 Monday

EPA set to inspect all septic tanks within weeks;
Households who fail test will be eligible for grant if they registered by
deadline

SECTION: IRELAND; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 430 words


OLIVIA KELLY

Inspectors from the Environmental Protection Agency will be

calling to homes across the country within weeks to assess the condition of
Ireland's septic tanks.

Almost 90 per cent of households served by private on-site sewage treatment
systems have now registered their tanks with their local authorities.

The introduction of the national inspection programme stops the clock on fines
from the EU for failing to comply with a European Court of Justice ruling in
relation to the protection of drinking water sources.

Ireland had been prosecuted and fined for its failure to maintain a register of
individual domestic waste-water treatment systems and also for its failure to
monitor performance and discharges from such systems.Risk to health

The Government has reached a settlement with the European authorities to pay EUR
2,648,000.

Inspections will initially concentrate on areas where waste water discharges
present a high risk to health or the environment. Homeowners will be notified by
their local council at least 10 days before an inspection.

Inspectors will check that septic tanks are registered; are not leaking; that
system components are in working order; effluent is not ponding on the surface
of the ground; the system is not discharging directly to surface water without a
licence; rainwater and clean surface water are not entering the system; the
system is being properly operated and maintained; and that the system has been
de-sludged.

Those who registered their tank by the deadline of February 1st last will be
eligible for grant aid if they fail the inspection. 'Nothing to fear'

The maximum grant available will be EUR 4,000, or 80 per cent of the cost, for
households with income of up to EUR 50,000. For households with income of
between EUR 50,000 and EUR 75,000, the maximum grant will be EUR 2,500, or 50
per cent of the cost.

According to the 2011 census there were 497,281 septic tanks and to date 445,934
have been registered. In tandem with the inspections, local authorities will be
contacting those who have not registered and instructing them to do so. There
are no fines for late registration, but those registering since February 1st
will not be eligible for grants.

Households had "nothing to fear" from inspections if their systems were
operating correctly, Minister for the Environment Phil Hogan said.

"The principal and immediate beneficiaries of the inspection system will be the
householders, their families and their neighbours as it will address the risk to
public health and the environment caused by malfunctioning systems," he added.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            April 5, 2007, Thursday

Federal money available for rural household water wells

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P2C

LENGTH: 175 words


The federal Department of Agriculture announced it has $990,000 available to
help qualified nonprofit organizations establish lending programs for rural
household water wells.

Thomas Door, agriculture undersecretary for rural development, said in a
prepared statement, "The Household Water Well System Grants complement our
community water loan and grant program by funding individuals who receive their
water from wells.

Many who live in rural America do not live in towns and communities where a
centralized water system is feasible. This program helps to meet that basic
human need: access to clean, safe drinking water."

The grant program provides funds to private non-profit organizations for them to
make loans to individual homeowners to construct or upgrade household water well
systems. The applicant must contribute a matching amount equal to at least 10
percent of the grant request to capitalize the loan fund.

The deadline for applications is May 31.

For more information contact Gail Bennett at Rural Development's Morgantown
office at 284-4875.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers


                              13 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                            December 17, 2012 Monday

Hogan: Septic tank grants of up to E4k;
Septic Tanks

LENGTH: 425 words



HIGHLIGHT: The Minister for the Environment, Phil Hogan, today announced a grant
scheme to provide financial assistance of up to E4,000 to households whose
septic tanks need upgrading following inspection under the Water Services
(Amendment) Act.


The Minister for the Environment, Phil Hogan, today announced a grant scheme to
provide financial assistance of up to E4,000 to households whose septic tanks
need upgrading following inspection under the Water Services (Amendment) Act.

Inspections are expected to commence in 2013 and will be based on a national
inspection plan currently being finalised by the Environmental Protection
Agency.

All domestic septic tanks and other waste water systems should be registered not
later than 1st February 2013 on www.ProtectOurWater.ie or by post or in local
authority offices. Waste water systems that have not been registered by 1st
February will also be subject to inspection.

A household that earns up to E50k can avail of grants of up to E4k and
households with total earnings of between E50k and E75k can avail of grants of
up to E2,500. "I am very conscious of householders' concerns regarding some
costs in repairing or upgrading their systems if they fail an inspection. Even
though most of the deficiencies with septic tanks are likely to be remedied by
routine maintenance including regular desludging, I am making this announcement
today to reassure people that they will be assisted in meeting the costs of any
remedial works that may be necessary arising from the implementation of the 2012
legislation. This is in keeping with the commitment I gave when the legislation
was being debated in the Oireachtas this time last year. The scheme will provide
a higher level of support to those on lower incomes," the Minister said. "While
the majority of septic tanks may be working well, and in those cases the
householders should have nothing to worry about, those tanks that are not
working properly may be polluting groundwater and contaminating our drinking
water supplies and must be remediated. No one better understands the risks
associated with malfunctioning on-site waste water treatment systems than the
people who live in close proximity to them and source their drinking water from
their own wells or from their local group water scheme. The key objective of
this legislation is to enhance and protect public health and the environment
which will, in turn, benefit rural dwellers in terms of a better quality of life
and better quality water. Protecting our environment will also have positive
economic benefits for the tourism, recreation, agricultural and food-producing
sectors, all of which rely on clean water. Clean water is vital for attracting
inward investment and to support water hungry sectors such as pharmaceuticals
and ICT."

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                            December 17, 2012 Monday

Hogan: Septic tank grants of up to E4k;
Septic Tanks

LENGTH: 425 words



HIGHLIGHT: The Minister for the Environment, Phil Hogan, today announced a grant
scheme to provide financial assistance of up to E4,000 to households whose
septic tanks need upgrading following inspection under the Water Services
(Amendment) Act.


The Minister for the Environment, Phil Hogan, today announced a grant scheme to
provide financial assistance of up to E4,000 to households whose septic tanks
need upgrading following inspection under the Water Services (Amendment) Act.

Inspections are expected to commence in 2013 and will be based on a national
inspection plan currently being finalised by the Environmental Protection
Agency.

All domestic septic tanks and other waste water systems should be registered not
later than 1st February 2013 on www.ProtectOurWater.ie or by post or in local
authority offices. Waste water systems that have not been registered by 1st
February will also be subject to inspection.

A household that earns up to E50k can avail of grants of up to E4k and
households with total earnings of between E50k and E75k can avail of grants of
up to E2,500. "I am very conscious of householders' concerns regarding some
costs in repairing or upgrading their systems if they fail an inspection. Even
though most of the deficiencies with septic tanks are likely to be remedied by
routine maintenance including regular desludging, I am making this announcement
today to reassure people that they will be assisted in meeting the costs of any
remedial works that may be necessary arising from the implementation of the 2012
legislation. This is in keeping with the commitment I gave when the legislation
was being debated in the Oireachtas this time last year. The scheme will provide
a higher level of support to those on lower incomes," the Minister said. "While
the majority of septic tanks may be working well, and in those cases the
householders should have nothing to worry about, those tanks that are not
working properly may be polluting groundwater and contaminating our drinking
water supplies and must be remediated. No one better understands the risks
associated with malfunctioning on-site waste water treatment systems than the
people who live in close proximity to them and source their drinking water from
their own wells or from their local group water scheme. The key objective of
this legislation is to enhance and protect public health and the environment
which will, in turn, benefit rural dwellers in terms of a better quality of life
and better quality water. Protecting our environment will also have positive
economic benefits for the tourism, recreation, agricultural and food-producing
sectors, all of which rely on clean water. Clean water is vital for attracting
inward investment and to support water hungry sectors such as pharmaceuticals
and ICT."

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                            December 17, 2012 Monday

Hogan: Septic tank grants of up to E4k;
Septic Tanks

LENGTH: 425 words



HIGHLIGHT: The Minister for the Environment, Phil Hogan, today announced a grant
scheme to provide financial assistance of up to E4,000 to households whose
septic tanks need upgrading following inspection under the Water Services
(Amendment) Act.


The Minister for the Environment, Phil Hogan, today announced a grant scheme to
provide financial assistance of up to E4,000 to households whose septic tanks
need upgrading following inspection under the Water Services (Amendment) Act.

Inspections are expected to commence in 2013 and will be based on a national
inspection plan currently being finalised by the Environmental Protection
Agency.

All domestic septic tanks and other waste water systems should be registered not
later than 1st February 2013 on www.ProtectOurWater.ie or by post or in local
authority offices. Waste water systems that have not been registered by 1st
February will also be subject to inspection.

A household that earns up to E50k can avail of grants of up to E4k and
households with total earnings of between E50k and E75k can avail of grants of
up to E2,500. "I am very conscious of householders' concerns regarding some
costs in repairing or upgrading their systems if they fail an inspection. Even
though most of the deficiencies with septic tanks are likely to be remedied by
routine maintenance including regular desludging, I am making this announcement
today to reassure people that they will be assisted in meeting the costs of any
remedial works that may be necessary arising from the implementation of the 2012
legislation. This is in keeping with the commitment I gave when the legislation
was being debated in the Oireachtas this time last year. The scheme will provide
a higher level of support to those on lower incomes," the Minister said. "While
the majority of septic tanks may be working well, and in those cases the
householders should have nothing to worry about, those tanks that are not
working properly may be polluting groundwater and contaminating our drinking
water supplies and must be remediated. No one better understands the risks
associated with malfunctioning on-site waste water treatment systems than the
people who live in close proximity to them and source their drinking water from
their own wells or from their local group water scheme. The key objective of
this legislation is to enhance and protect public health and the environment
which will, in turn, benefit rural dwellers in terms of a better quality of life
and better quality water. Protecting our environment will also have positive
economic benefits for the tourism, recreation, agricultural and food-producing
sectors, all of which rely on clean water. Clean water is vital for attracting
inward investment and to support water hungry sectors such as pharmaceuticals
and ICT."

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                            December 17, 2012 Monday

Hogan: Septic tank grants of up to E4k;
Septic Tanks

LENGTH: 425 words



HIGHLIGHT: The Minister for the Environment, Phil Hogan, today announced a grant
scheme to provide financial assistance of up to E4,000 to households whose
septic tanks need upgrading following inspection under the Water Services
(Amendment) Act.


The Minister for the Environment, Phil Hogan, today announced a grant scheme to
provide financial assistance of up to E4,000 to households whose septic tanks
need upgrading following inspection under the Water Services (Amendment) Act.

Inspections are expected to commence in 2013 and will be based on a national
inspection plan currently being finalised by the Environmental Protection
Agency.

All domestic septic tanks and other waste water systems should be registered not
later than 1st February 2013 on www.ProtectOurWater.ie or by post or in local
authority offices. Waste water systems that have not been registered by 1st
February will also be subject to inspection.

A household that earns up to E50k can avail of grants of up to E4k and
households with total earnings of between E50k and E75k can avail of grants of
up to E2,500. "I am very conscious of householders' concerns regarding some
costs in repairing or upgrading their systems if they fail an inspection. Even
though most of the deficiencies with septic tanks are likely to be remedied by
routine maintenance including regular desludging, I am making this announcement
today to reassure people that they will be assisted in meeting the costs of any
remedial works that may be necessary arising from the implementation of the 2012
legislation. This is in keeping with the commitment I gave when the legislation
was being debated in the Oireachtas this time last year. The scheme will provide
a higher level of support to those on lower incomes," the Minister said. "While
the majority of septic tanks may be working well, and in those cases the
householders should have nothing to worry about, those tanks that are not
working properly may be polluting groundwater and contaminating our drinking
water supplies and must be remediated. No one better understands the risks
associated with malfunctioning on-site waste water treatment systems than the
people who live in close proximity to them and source their drinking water from
their own wells or from their local group water scheme. The key objective of
this legislation is to enhance and protect public health and the environment
which will, in turn, benefit rural dwellers in terms of a better quality of life
and better quality water. Protecting our environment will also have positive
economic benefits for the tourism, recreation, agricultural and food-producing
sectors, all of which rely on clean water. Clean water is vital for attracting
inward investment and to support water hungry sectors such as pharmaceuticals
and ICT."

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Moultrie Observer (Georgia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 1, 2017 Wednesday

Grant funding water wells in Colquitt, other counties

BYLINE: The Moultrie Observer, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 295 words


Feb. 01--WASHINGTON, Dc. -- The Water Well Trust, the only national nonprofit
helping Americans get access to a clean, safe water supply, is seeking low
income households from 13 counties in Georgia to receive new water wells or
rehabilitate existing wells.

In October 2015, the USDA awarded a $140,000 matching grant to the Water Well
Trust through its Household Water Well Systems Grant program for a project to
increase potable water availability to rural households in Colquitt, Hancock,
Jones, Murray, Monroe, Worth, Grady, Twiggs, Hart, Macon, Washington, Wilcox,
and Warren counties.

To date, the Water Well Trust (WWT) has completed water well projects in
Hancock, Murray, Twiggs, Wilcox, Colquitt, and Monroe counties.

Funds are still available for low-interest loans to eligible individual
households for a new water well or rehabilitation of an existing water well. WWT
limits funding to a maximum of $11,000 per household. Loans have an interest
rate of 1 percent with terms of up to 20 years.

To qualify for a WWT loan, applicants must be the owner and occupant of the home
as their primary residence. In addition, the applicant's household income must
not exceed the median non-metropolitan household income for the state in which
the applicant resides. The 2016 Non-Metropolitan median household income for
Georgia is $45,300.The income criteria apply to both the applicant and all other
occupants of the home.

Prospective applicants can download the application form and instruction letter
from the Water Well Trust website at waterwelltrust.org/apply or call
202-625-4383 for more information.

___ (c)2017 The Moultrie Observer (Moultrie, Ga.) Visit The Moultrie Observer
(Moultrie, Ga.) at www.moultrieobserver.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170201-GJ-Grant-funding-water
-wells-in-Colquitt-other-counties-0201-20170201

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GJ


                      Copyright 2017 The Moultrie Observer


                              18 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 7, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Announcement of Grant Application Deadlines and Funding Levels
Pages 88199 - 88205 [FR DOC # 2016-29336]

LENGTH: 7026  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utilities Service Announcement of Grant
Application Deadlines and Funding Levels AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA.
ACTION: Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA), Household Water Well
System Grant Program.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Household Water Well System
(HWWS) Grant Program application window for fiscal year (FY) 2017. RUS will make
grants to qualified private non-profit organizations to establish lending
programs for homeowners to borrow up to $11,000 to construct or repair household
water wells for an existing home.

The HWWS Grant Program is authorized under 7 U.S.C. 1926e. Regulations may be
found at 7 CFR part 1776. This year RUS will assign administrative discretion
points to applications that: 1. Direct loans to rural areas where according to
the American Community Survey data by census tracts show that at least 20
percent of the population is living in poverty. 2. Direct loans to areas which
lack running water, flush toilets, and modern sewage disposal systems, and areas
which have open sewers and high rates of disease caused by poor sanitation, in
particular, colonias or Substantially Underserved Trust Areas. 3. Direct loans
to rural areas impacted by severe drought. DATES: The deadline for completed
applications for a HWWS grant is February 6, 2017. Applications in either paper
or electronic format must be postmarked or time-stamped electronically on or
before the deadline. Late applications will be ineligible for grant
consideration. ADDRESSES: Submit applications to the following addresses: 1.
Electronic applications: http://www.grants.gov/. Submit electronic applications
through Grants.gov, following the instructions on that Web site. 2. Paper
applications: Water Programs Division, Rural Development, Rural Utilities
Service, STOP: 1570, Room 2234-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC
20250-1570. Obtain application guides and materials for the HWWS Grant Program
electronically or in paper format from the following addresses: 1. Electronic
copies: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/household-water-well-
system-grants; 2. Paper copies: Water Programs Division, Rural Utilities
Service, STOP: 1570, Room 2234-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC
20250-1570 or call (202) 720-9583. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Derek Jones,
Community Programs Specialist, Water and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities
Service, Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture, STOP 1570, Room
2234-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570;. Telephone:
(202) 720-9640, fax: (202) 690-0649, email: derek.jones@wdc.usda.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Overview Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service,
USDA. Funding Opportunity Title: HWWS Grant Program. Announcement Type: Grant
--Solicitation of Applications. Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA)
Number: 10.862. Due Date for Applications: February 6, 2017. Items in
Supplementary Information I. Funding Opportunity: Description of the HWWS Grant
Program. II. Award Information: To be determined. III. Eligibility Information:
Who is eligible, what kinds of projects are eligible, what criteria determine
basic eligibility. [[Page 88200]] IV. Application and Submission Information:
Where to get application materials, what constitutes a completed application,
how and where to submit applications, deadlines, items that are eligible. V.
Application Review Information: Considerations and preferences, scoring
criteria, review standards, selection information. VI. Award Administration
Information: Award notice information, award recipient reporting requirements.
VII. Agency Contacts: Web site, phone, fax, email, contact name. VIII.
Non-discrimination Statement: USDA non-discrimination statement, how to file a
complaint, persons with disabilities. I. Funding Opportunity A. Program
Description The HWWS Grant Program has been established to help individuals with
low to moderate incomes finance the costs of household water wells that they own
or will own. The HWWS Grant Program is authorized under Section 306E of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT), 7 U.S.C. 1926e. The CONACT
authorizes RUS to make grants to qualified private non-profit organizations to
establish lending programs for household water wells. As the grant recipients,
private non-profit organizations will receive HWWS grants to establish lending
programs that will provide water well loans to individuals. The individuals, as
loan recipients, may use the loans to construct, refurbish, and service their
household well systems. A loan may not exceed $11,000 and will have a term up to
20 years at a one percent annual interest rate. B. Background RUS supports the
sound development of rural communities and the growth of our economy without
endangering the environment. RUS provides financial and technical assistance to
help communities bring safe drinking water and sanitary, environmentally sound
waste disposal facilities to Rural Americans in greatest need. Central water
systems may not be the only or best solution to drinking water problems.
Distance or physical barriers make public central water systems costly to deploy
in remote areas. A significant number of geographically isolated households
without water service might require individual wells rather than connections to
new or existing community systems. The goal of RUS is not only to make funds
available to those communities most in need of potable water but also to ensure
that facilities used to deliver drinking water are safe and affordable. There is
a role for private wells in reaching this goal. C. Purpose The purpose of the
HWWS Grant Program is to provide funds to private non-profit organizations to
assist them in establishing loan programs from which individuals may borrow
money for HWWS. Faith-based organizations are eligible and encouraged to apply
for this program. Applicants must show that the project will provide technical
and financial assistance to eligible individuals to remedy household well
problems. Due to the limited amount of funds available typically available under
the HWWS Grant Program, the RUS anticipates that 10 applications may be funded
from FY 2017 funds. Applications from existing HWWS grant recipients are
acceptable and will be evaluated as new applications. II. Award Information
Funding Instrument Type: Grant. Available Funds: To be announced. Anticipated
Number of Awards: 10. Length of Project Periods: 12-month project. Assistance
Instrument: Grant Agreement with successful applicants before any grant funds
are disbursed. III. Eligibility Information A. Who is eligible for grants? 1. An
organization is eligible to receive a HWWS grant if it: a. Has an active
registration with current information in the System for Award Management (SAM)
and has a Dun and Bradstreet (D &B) Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS)
number. b. Is a private, non-profit organization. c. Is legally established and
located within one of the following: (1) A state within the United States (2)
The District of Columbia (3) The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico (4) A United States
territory. d. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant
purpose. e. Has sufficient expertise and experience in lending activities. f.
Has sufficient expertise and experience in promoting the safe and productive use
of individually-owned HWWS and ground water. g. Has no delinquent debt to the
federal government or no outstanding judgments to repay a federal debt. h.
Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and managerial
capability to comply with federal and State laws and requirements, and i. Is not
a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had an officer or agent
acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a felony) within the past 24
months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid federal tax liability that has been
assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been exhausted
or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an
agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability is not
eligible. 2. An individual is ineligible to receive a HWWS grant. An individual
may receive a loan from an organization receiving a grant award. B. What are the
basic eligibility requirements for a project? 1. Project Eligibility. To be
eligible for a grant, the project must: a. Be a revolving loan fund created to
provide loans to eligible individuals to construct, refurbish, and service
individually-owned HWWS (see 7 CFR 1776.11 and 1776.12). Loans may not be
provided for home sewer or septic system projects. b. Be established and
maintained by a private, non-profit organization. c. Be located in a rural area.
Rural area is defined as locations other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such towns and
cities. 2. Required Matching Contributions. Grant applicants must provide
written evidence of a matching contribution of at least 10 percent from sources
other than the proceeds of a HWWS grant. In-kind contributions will not be
considered for the matching requirement. Please see 7 CFR 1776.9 for the
requirement. 3. Other--Requirements. a. DUNS Number. The applicant for a grant
must supply a DUNS number as part of an application. The Standard Form 424
(SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The applicant can obtain the DUNS
number free of charge by calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please see
http://fedgov.dnb.com /webform for more information on how to obtain a DUNS
number or how to verify your organization's number. b. Prior to submitting an
application, the applicant must register in System for Award Management (SAM).
(1) Applicants may register for SAM at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.
(2) The SAM registration must remain active with current information at all
times while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal grant award or
loan is active. To maintain the registration in the SAM database the applicant
must review and update the information in the SAM database [[Page 88201]]
annually from date of initial registration or from the date of the last update.
The applicant must ensure that the information in the database is current,
accurate, and complete. c. Eligibility to receive a HWWS loan will be based on
the following criteria: (1) An individual must be a member of a household of
which the combined household income of all members does not exceed 100 percent
of the median non-metropolitan household income for the State or territory in
which the individual resides. Household income is the total income from all
sources received by each adult household member for the most recent 12-month
period for which the information is available. It does not include income earned
or received by dependent children under 18 years old or other benefits that are
excluded by federal law. The non- metropolitan household income must be based on
the 5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed,
other data from the United States Bureau of the Census. RUS publishes a list of
income exclusions in 7 CFR 3550.54(b). Also, the Department of Housing and Urban
Development published a list of income exclusions in the Federal Register on May
20, 2014, at 79 FR 28938 (see ``Federally Mandated Exclusions''). (2) The loan
recipient must own and occupy the home being improved with the proceeds of the
Household Water Well loan or be purchasing the home to occupy under a legally
enforceable land purchase contract which is not in default by either the seller
or the purchaser. (3) The home being improved with the water well system must be
located in a rural area. (4) The loan for a water well system must not be
associated with the construction of a new dwelling. (5) The loan must not be
used to substitute a water well system for water service available from
collective water systems. (For example, a loan may not be used to restore an old
well abandoned when a dwelling was connected to a water district's water line.)
(6) The loan recipient must not be suspended or debarred from participation in
Federal programs. IV. Application and Submission Information A. Where To Get
Application Information The HWWS Grant Application Guide (Application Guide),
copies of necessary forms and samples, and the HWWS Grant Program regulation are
available from these sources: 1. Internet for electronic copies: http://www.
grants.gov/ or http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/household-water-well-
system-grants; 2. Water and Environmental Programs for paper copies: RUS, Water
Programs Division, STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-1570, Telephone: (202) 720-9589, Fax: (202) 690-0649. B.
Content and Form of Application Submission 1. Rules and Guidelines: a. Detailed
information on each item required can be found in the HWWS Grant Program
regulation (7 CFR part 1776) and the Application Guide. Applicants are strongly
encouraged to read and apply both the regulation and the Application Guide. This
Notice does not change the requirements for a completed application for any form
of HWWS financial assistance specified in the regulation. The regulation and
Application Guide provide specific guidance on each of the items listed. b.
Applications should be prepared in conformance with the provisions in 7 CFR part
1776, subpart B, and departmental and other applicable regulations including 2
CFR parts 180, 182, 200, 400, and 421, or any successor regulations. Applicants
should use the Application Guide which contains instructions and other important
information in preparing their application. Completed applications must include
the items found in the checklist in the next paragraph. 2. Checklist of Items in
Completed Application Packages: a. DUNS Number. The applicant for a grant must
supply a Dunn and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as
part of an application. The Standard Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the
DUNS number. The applicant can obtain the DUNS number free of charge by calling
Dun and Bradstreet. Please see http://fedgov.dnb.com /webform for more
information on how to obtain a DUNS number or how to verify your organization's
number. b. Prior to submitting an application, the applicant must register in
the System for Award Management (SAM). (1) Applicants may register for the SAM
at: https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/. (2) The SAM registration must remain
active with current information at all times while RUS is considering an
application or while a Federal Grant Award or loan is active. To maintain the
registration in the SAM database the applicant must review and update the
information in the SAM database annually from date of initial registration or
from the date of the last update. The applicant must ensure that the information
in the database is current, accurate, and complete. (3) Your organization must
be listed in the SAM. If you have not used Grants.gov before, you will need to
register with the SAM and the Credential Provider. New registrations can take
three to five business days to process. Updating or renewing an active
registration has a shorter turnaround, 24 hours. Registrations in SAM are active
for one year. The SAM registers your organization, housing your organizational
information and allowing Grants.gov to use the information to verify your
identity. The DUNS number, Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), and name and
address of the applicant organization must match SAM data files. c. The
electronic and paper application process requires forms with the prefixes RD and
SF as well as supporting documents and certifications. Application Items (1)
SF-424, ``Application for Federal Assistance''. (2) SF-424A, ``Budget
Information--Non-Construction Programs''. (3) SF-424B,
``Assurances--Non-Construction Programs''. (4) SF-LLL, ``Disclosure of Lobbying
Activity''. (5) Form RD 400-1, ``Equal Opportunity Agreement''. (6) Form RD
400-4, ``Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil Rights Act of 1964). (7)
Project Proposal, Project Summary, Needs Assessment, Project Goals and
Objectives, Project Narrative. (8) Work Plan. (9) Budget and Budget
Justification. (10) Evidence of Legal Authority and Existence. (11)
Documentation of private non-profit status and Internal Revenue Service (IRS)
Tax Exempt Status. (12) List of Directors and Officers. (13) Financial
information and sustainability (narrative). (14) Assurances and certifications
of compliance with other Federal Statutes. The forms in items 1 through 6 must
be completed and signed where appropriate by an official of your organization
who has authority to obligate the organization legally. RD forms are used by
programs under the RD mission area. Standard forms (SF) are used
government-wide. In addition [[Page 88202]] to the sources listed in section A,
the forms may be accessed electronically through the RD Web site at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/publications. See section V, ``Application Review
Information,'' for instructions and guidelines on preparing Items 7 through 13.
3. Compliance with Other Federal Statutes. The applicant must provide evidence
of compliance with other Federal statutes and regulations, including, but not
limited to the following: a. 7 CFR part 15, subpart A--Nondiscrimination in
Federally Assisted Programs of the Department of Agriculture--Effectuation of
Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. b. 2 CFR part 417--Governmentwide
Debarment and Suspension (Nonprocurement), or any successor regulations. c. 7
CFR part 3052--Audits of States, Local Governments, and Non- profit
Organizations, or any successor regulations. d. Subpart B of 2 CFR part 421,
which adopts the Governmentwide implementation (2 CFR part 182) of the Drug-Free
Workplace Act. e. Executive Order 13166, ``Improving Access to Services for
Persons with Limited English Proficiency.'' For information on limited English
proficiency and agency-specific guidance go to http://www.lep.gov/. f. Federal
Obligation Certification on Delinquent Debt. C. How many copies of an
application are required? 1. Applications Submitted on Paper. Submit one signed
original and two additional copies. The original and each of the two copies must
include all required forms, certifications, assurances, and appendices, be
signed by an authorized representative, and have original signatures. Do not
include organizational brochures or promotional materials. 2. Applications
Submitted Electronically. Additional paper copies are unnecessary if the
application is submitted electronically through http://www.grants.gov/. D. How
and Where To Submit an Application 1. Submitting Paper Applications: a. For
paper applications, mail or ensure delivery of an original paper application (no
stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures) and two copies by the deadline
date to: Rural Development, Rural Utility Service, Water Programs Division, STOP
1570, Room 2234-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570,
Telephone: (202) 720-9583. Submit paper applications marked ``Attention: Water
and Environmental Programs.'' b. Applications must show proof of mailing or
shipping by one of the following: (1) A legibly dated U.S. Postal Service (USPS)
postmark; (2) A legible mail receipt with the date of mailing stamped by the
USPS; or, (3) A dated shipping label, invoice, or receipt from a commercial
carrier. c. If a deadline date falls on a weekend, it will be extended to the
following Monday. If the date falls on a federal holiday, it will be extended to
the next business day. d. Due to screening procedures at the Department of
Agriculture, packages arriving via the USPS are irradiated, which can damage the
contents and delay delivery. RUS encourages applicants to consider the impact of
this procedure in selecting an application delivery method. 2. Submitting
Electronic Applications: a. Applications will not be accepted by fax or
electronic mail. b. Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if
submitted through Grants.gov at http://www.grants.gov/. c. Applicants must
preregister successfully with Grants.gov to use the electronic applications
option. Application information may be downloaded from Grants.gov without
preregistration. d. Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their
electronic applications before the deadline. e. Grants.gov contains full
instructions on all required passwords, credentialing, and software. Follow the
instructions at Grants.gov for registering and submitting an electronic
application. f. Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number
and an active registration in SAM. See the ``Checklist of Items in Completed
Application Packages'' for instructions on obtaining a DUNS number and
registering in the SAM. g. You must be registered with Grants.gov before you can
submit an electronic grant application. (1) You must register at Grants.gov:
http://www.grants.gov/applicants/get_registered.jsp. (2) Organization
registration user guides and checklists are also available at Grants.gov. (3)
Grants.gov requires some credentialing and online authentication procedures.
When an applicant organization is registered with SAM, the organization
designates a point of contact who receives a password authorizing the person to
designate staff members who are allowed to submit applications electronically
through Grants.gov. These authorized organization representatives must be
registered with Grants.gov to receive a username and password to submit
applications. These procedures may take several business days to complete. (4)
Some or all of the SAM and Grants.gov registration, credentialing and
authorizations require updates. If you have previously registered at Grants.gov
to submit applications electronically, please ensure that your registration,
credentialing and authorizations are up to date well in advance of the grant
application deadline. h. To use Grants.gov: (1) Follow the instructions on the
Web site to find grant information. (2) Download a copy of an application
package. (3) Complete the package off-line. (4) Upload and submit the
application via the Grants.gov Web site. (5) If a system problem or technical
difficulty occurs with an electronic application, please use the customer
support resources available at the Grants.gov Web site. (6) Again, RUS
encourages applicants to take early action to complete the sign-up,
credentialing and authorization procedures at Grants.gov before submitting an
application at the Web site. E. Deadlines The deadline for paper and electronic
submissions is February 6, 2017. Paper applications must be postmarked and
mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later than the closing date to be
considered for FY 2017 grant funding. Electronic applications must have an
electronic date and time stamp by midnight of February 6, 2017 to be considered
on time. RUS will not accept applications by fax or email. Applications that do
not meet the criteria above are considered late applications and will not be
considered. RUS will notify each late applicant that its application will not be
considered. F. Funding Restrictions 1. Eligible Grant Purposes: a. Grant funds
must be used to establish and maintain a revolving loan fund to provide loans to
eligible individuals for household water well systems. b. Individuals may use
the loans to construct, refurbish, rehabilitate, or [[Page 88203]] replace
household water well systems up to the point of entry of a home. Point of entry
for the well system is the junction where water enters into a home water
delivery system after being pumped from a well. c. Grant funds may be used to
pay administrative expenses associated with providing HWWS loans. 2. Ineligible
Grant Purposes: a. Administrative expenses incurred in any calendar year that
exceed 10 percent of the household water well loans made during the same period
do not qualify for reimbursement. b. Administrative expenses incurred before RUS
executes a grant agreement with the recipient do not qualify for reimbursement.
c. Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government does not qualify for
reimbursement. d. Grant funds may not be used to provide loans for household
sewer or septic systems. e. Household Water Well loans may not be used to pay
the costs of water well systems for the construction of a new house. f.
Household Water Well loans may not be used to pay the costs of a home plumbing
system. V. Application Review Information A. Criteria This section contains
instructions and guidelines on preparing the project proposal, work plan, and
budget sections of the application. Also, guidelines are provided on the
additional information required for RUS to determine eligibility and financial
feasibility. 1. Project Proposal. The project proposal should outline the
project in sufficient detail to provide a reader with a complete understanding
of the loan program. Explain what will be accomplished by lending funds to
individual well owners. Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed loan program
in meeting the objectives of this grant program. The proposal should include the
following elements: a. Project Summary. Present a brief project overview.
Explain the purpose of the project, how it relates to RUS' purposes, how the
project will be executed, what the project will produce, and who will direct it.
b. Needs Assessment. To show why the project is necessary, clearly identify the
economic, social, financial, or other problems that require solutions.
Demonstrate the well owners' need for financial and technical assistance.
Quantify the number of prospective borrowers or provide statistical or narrative
evidence that a sufficient number of borrowers will exist to justify the grant
award. Describe the service area. Provide information on the household income of
the area and other demographical information. Address community needs. c.
Project Goals and Objectives. Clearly state the project goals. The objectives
should clearly describe the goals and be concrete and specific enough to be
quantitative or observable. They should also be feasible and relate to the
purpose of the grant and loan program. d. Project Narrative. The narrative
should cover in more detail the items briefly described in the Project Summary.
Demonstrate the grant applicant's experience and expertise in promoting the safe
and productive use of individually-owned household water well systems. The
narrative should address the following points: (1) Document the grant
applicant's ability to manage and service a revolving fund. The narrative may
describe the systems that are in place for the full life cycle of a loan from
loan origination through servicing. If a servicing contractor will service the
loan portfolio, the arrangement and services provided must be discussed. (2)
Show evidence of the availability of funds from sources other than the HWWS
grant. Describe the contributions the project will receive from your
organization, state agencies, local government, other federal agencies,
non-government organizations, private industry, and individuals. The
documentation should describe how the contributions will be used to pay your
operational costs and provide financial assistance for projects. (3) Demonstrate
that the organization has secured commitments of significant financial support
from other funding sources. (4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be
assessed. 2. Work Plan. The work plan or scope of work must describe the tasks
and activities that will be accomplished with available resources during the
grant period. It must include who will carry out the activities and services to
be performed and specific timeframes for completion. Describe any unusual or
unique features of the project such as innovations, reductions in cost or time,
or extraordinary community involvement. 3. Budget and Budget Justification. Use
the Form SF-424A, Budget Information--Non-Construction Programs, to show your
budget cost elements. The form summarizes resources as Federal and Non-Federal
funds and costs. ``Federal'' refers only to the HWWS Grant Program for which you
are applying. ``Non-Federal'' refers to resources from your organization, state
agencies, local government, other federal agencies, non-government
organizations, private industry, and individuals. Both Federal and Non-Federal
resources shall be detailed and justified in the budget and narrative
justification. a. Provide a budget with line item detail and detailed
calculations for each budget object class identified in section B of the Budget
Information form (SF-424A). Detailed calculations must include estimation
methods, quantities, unit costs, and other similar quantitative detail
sufficient for the calculation to be duplicated. Also include a breakout by the
funding sources identified in Block 15 of the SF-424. b. Provide a narrative
budget justification that describes how the categorical costs are derived for
all capital and administrative expenditures, the matching contribution, and
other sources of funds necessary to complete the project. Discuss the necessity,
reasonableness, and allocability of the proposed costs. c. If the grant
applicant will use a servicing contractor, the fees may be reimbursed as an
administrative expense as provided in 7 CFR 1776.13. These fees must be
discussed in the budget narrative. If the grant applicant will hire a servicing
contractor, it must demonstrate that all procurement transactions will be
conducted in a manner to provide, to the maximum extent practical, open and free
competition. Recipients must justify any anticipated procurement action that is
expected to be awarded without competition and exceed the simplified acquisition
threshold fixed at 41 U.S.C. 134 (currently set at $100,000). d. The indirect
cost category should be used only when the grant applicant currently has an
indirect cost rate approved by the Department of Agriculture or another
cognizant Federal agency. A grant applicant that will charge indirect costs to
the grant must enclose a copy of the current rate agreement. If the grant
applicant is in the process of initially developing or renegotiating a rate, the
grant applicant shall submit its indirect cost proposal to the cognizant agency
immediately after the applicant is advised that an award will be made. In no
event, shall the indirect cost proposal be submitted later than three months
after the effective date of the award. 4. Evidence of Legal Authority and
Existence. The applicant must provide satisfactory documentation that it is
[[Page 88204]] legally recognized under state or Tribal and Federal law as a
private non-profit organization. The documentation also must show that it has
the authority to enter into a grant agreement with RUS and to perform the
activities proposed under the grant application. Satisfactory documentation
includes, but is not limited to, certificates from the Secretary of State,
copies of state/Tribal statutes or laws establishing your organization, and
copies of your organization's articles of incorporation and bylaws. Letters from
IRS awarding tax- exempt status are not considered adequate evidence. 5. List of
Directors and Officers. The applicant must submit a certified list of directors
and officers with their respective terms. 6. IRS Tax Exempt Status. The
applicant must submit evidence of tax exempt status from the Internal Revenue
Service. 7. Financial Information and Sustainability. The applicant must submit
pro forma balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow statements for the
last three years and projections for three years. Additionally, the most recent
audit of the applicant's organization must be submitted. B. Evaluation Criteria
Grant applications that are complete and eligible will be scored competitively
based on the following scoring criteria:
------------------------------------------------------------------------ Scoring
criteria Points
------------------------------------------------------------------------ Degree
of expertise and experience in Up to 30 points. promoting the safe and
productive use of individually-owned household water well systems and ground
water. Degree of expertise and successful Up to 20 points. experience in making
and servicing loans to individuals. Percentage of applicant contributions.
Points allowed under this paragraph will be based on written evidence of the
availability of funds from sources other than the proceeds of a HWWS grant to
pay part of the cost of a loan recipient's project. In-kind contributions will
not be considered. Funds from other sources as a percentage of the HWWS grant
and points corresponding to such percentages are as follows: 0 to 9
percent......................... Ineligible. 10 to 25
percent....................... 5 points. 26 to 30 percent.......................
10 points. 31 to 50 percent....................... 15 points. 51 percent or
more..................... 20 points. Extent to which the work plan demonstrates
Up to 20 points. a well thought out, comprehensive approach to accomplishing the
objectives of this part, clearly defines who will be served by the project, and
appears likely to be sustainable. Extent to which the goals and objectives Up to
10 points. are clearly defined, tied to the work plan, and measurable. Lowest
ratio of projected administrative Up to 10 points. expenses to loans advanced.
Administrator's discretion, considering such factors as: Creative outreach ideas
for marketing Up to 10 points. HWWS loans to rural residents; factors include:
1. Directs loans to rural areas where according to the American Community Survey
data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living
in poverty. Directs loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets, and
modern sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates
of disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas. 2. Areas impacted by severe drought
------------------------------------------------------------------------ C.
Review Standards 1. Incomplete applications as of the deadline for submission
will not be considered. If an application is determined to be incomplete, the
applicant will be notified in writing and the application will be returned with
no further action. 2. Ineligible applications will be returned to the applicant
with an explanation. 3. Complete, eligible applications will be evaluated
competitively by a review team, composed of at least two RUS employees selected
from the Water Programs Division. They will make overall recommendations based
on the program elements found in 7 CFR part 1776 and the review criteria
presented in this notice. They will award points as described in the scoring
criteria in 7 CFR 1776.9 and this notice. Each application will receive a score
based on the averages of the reviewers' scores and discretionary points awarded
by the RUS Administrator. 4. Applications will be ranked and grants awarded in
rank order until all grant funds are expended. 5. Regardless of the score an
application receives, if RUS determines that the project is technically
infeasible, RUS will notify the applicant, in writing, and the application will
be returned with no further action. VI. Award Administration Information A.
Award Notices RUS will notify a successful applicant by an award letter
accompanied by a grant agreement. The grant agreement will contain the terms and
conditions for the grant. The applicant must execute and return the grant
agreement, accompanied by any additional items required by the award letter or
grant agreement. B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements 1. This
notice, the 7 CFR part 1776, and the application guide implement the appropriate
administrative and national policy requirements. Grant recipients are subject to
the requirements in 7 CFR part 1776. 2. Direct federal grants, sub-award funds,
or contracts under the HWWS Grant Program shall not be used to fund inherently
religious activities, such as worship, religious instruction, or
proselytization. Therefore, organizations that receive direct assistance should
take steps to separate, in time or location, their inherently religious
activities from the services funded under the HWWS Grant Program. Regulations
for the Equal Treatment for Faith-based Organizations are contained in 7 CFR
part 16, which includes the prohibition against federal funding of inherently
religious activities. C. Reporting 1. Performance Reporting. All recipients of
HWWS Grant Program financial assistance must provide quarterly performance
activity reports to RUS until the project is complete and the funds are
expended. A final [[Page 88205]] performance report is also required. The final
report may serve as the last annual report. The final report must include an
evaluation of the success of the project. 2. Financial Reporting. All recipients
of HWWS Grant Program financial assistance must provide an annual audit,
beginning with the first year a portion of the financial assistance is expended.
The Non- Federal Entity (formerly called Grantee) will provide an audit report
or financial statements as follows: a. Non-Federal Entities expending $500,000
or more Federal funds per fiscal year will submit an audit conducted in
accordance with 2 CFR part 200 or successor guidance. The audit will be
submitted within nine months after the Non-Federal Entity's fiscal year.
Additional audits may be required if the project period covers more than one
fiscal year. b. Non-Federal Entities expending less than $500,000 will provide
annual financial statements covering the grant period, consisting of the
organization's statement of income and expense and balance sheet signed by an
appropriate official of the organization. Financial statements will be submitted
within 90 days after the Non-Federal Entity's fiscal year. 3. Recipient and
Subrecipient Reporting. The applicant must have the necessary processes and
systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements for first-tier
sub-awards and executive compensation under the Federal Funding Accountability
and Transparency Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives funding unless
such applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements pursuant to 2 CFR
170.110(b). The reporting requirements under the Transparency Act pursuant to 2
CFR part 170 are as follows: a. First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in
non-Recovery Act funds (unless they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be
reported by the Recipient to http://www.fsrs.gov/ no later than the end of the
month following the month the obligation was made. b. The Total Compensation of
the Recipient's Executives (five most highly compensated executives) must be
reported by the Recipient (if the Recipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part
170) to https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ by the end of the month following
the month in which the award was made. c. The Total Compensation of the
Subrecipient's Executives (5 most highly compensated executives) must be
reported by the Subrecipient (if the Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR
part 170) to the Recipient by the end of the month following the month in which
the subaward was made. VII. Agency Contacts A. Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/household-water-well-system-grants B.
Phone: 202-720-9640. C. Fax: 202-690-0649. D. Email: derek.jones@wdc.usda.gov E.
Main point of contact: Derek Jones, Community Programs Specialist, Water
Programs Division, Water and Environmental Programs, RUS, Rural Development,
U.S. Department of Agriculture. VIII. USDA Non-Discrimination Statement In
accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices,
and employees, and institutions participating in or administering USDA programs
are prohibited from discriminating based on race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity (including gender expression), sexual
orientation, disability, age, marital status, family/parental status, income
derived from a public assistance program, political beliefs, or reprisal or
retaliation for prior civil rights activity, in any program or activity
conducted or funded by USDA (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and
complaint filing deadlines vary by program or incident. Persons with
disabilities who require alternative means of communication for program
information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, American Sign Language,
etc.) should contact the responsible Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at (202)
720-2600 (voice and TTY) or contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at
(800) 877-8339. Additionally, program information may be made available in
languages other than English. To file a program discrimination complaint,
complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online
at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or
write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the
information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint form, call
(866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA by: (1) By mail:
U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil
Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410; (2) Fax: (202)
690-7442; or (3) Email: program.intake@usda.gov USDA is an equal opportunity
provider, employer, and lender. Dated: November 7, 2016. Brandon McBride,
Administrator, Rural Utilities Service. [FR Doc. 2016-29336 Filed 12-6-16; 8:45
am] BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 7, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Announcement of Grant Application Deadlines and Funding Levels
Pages 88199 - 88205 [FR DOC # 2016-29336]

LENGTH: 7026  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utilities Service Announcement of Grant
Application Deadlines and Funding Levels AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA.
ACTION: Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA), Household Water Well
System Grant Program.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Household Water Well System
(HWWS) Grant Program application window for fiscal year (FY) 2017. RUS will make
grants to qualified private non-profit organizations to establish lending
programs for homeowners to borrow up to $11,000 to construct or repair household
water wells for an existing home.

The HWWS Grant Program is authorized under 7 U.S.C. 1926e. Regulations may be
found at 7 CFR part 1776. This year RUS will assign administrative discretion
points to applications that: 1. Direct loans to rural areas where according to
the American Community Survey data by census tracts show that at least 20
percent of the population is living in poverty. 2. Direct loans to areas which
lack running water, flush toilets, and modern sewage disposal systems, and areas
which have open sewers and high rates of disease caused by poor sanitation, in
particular, colonias or Substantially Underserved Trust Areas. 3. Direct loans
to rural areas impacted by severe drought. DATES: The deadline for completed
applications for a HWWS grant is February 6, 2017. Applications in either paper
or electronic format must be postmarked or time-stamped electronically on or
before the deadline. Late applications will be ineligible for grant
consideration. ADDRESSES: Submit applications to the following addresses: 1.
Electronic applications: http://www.grants.gov/. Submit electronic applications
through Grants.gov, following the instructions on that Web site. 2. Paper
applications: Water Programs Division, Rural Development, Rural Utilities
Service, STOP: 1570, Room 2234-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC
20250-1570. Obtain application guides and materials for the HWWS Grant Program
electronically or in paper format from the following addresses: 1. Electronic
copies: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/household-water-well-
system-grants; 2. Paper copies: Water Programs Division, Rural Utilities
Service, STOP: 1570, Room 2234-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC
20250-1570 or call (202) 720-9583. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Derek Jones,
Community Programs Specialist, Water and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities
Service, Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture, STOP 1570, Room
2234-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570;. Telephone:
(202) 720-9640, fax: (202) 690-0649, email: derek.jones@wdc.usda.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Overview Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service,
USDA. Funding Opportunity Title: HWWS Grant Program. Announcement Type: Grant
--Solicitation of Applications. Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA)
Number: 10.862. Due Date for Applications: February 6, 2017. Items in
Supplementary Information I. Funding Opportunity: Description of the HWWS Grant
Program. II. Award Information: To be determined. III. Eligibility Information:
Who is eligible, what kinds of projects are eligible, what criteria determine
basic eligibility. [[Page 88200]] IV. Application and Submission Information:
Where to get application materials, what constitutes a completed application,
how and where to submit applications, deadlines, items that are eligible. V.
Application Review Information: Considerations and preferences, scoring
criteria, review standards, selection information. VI. Award Administration
Information: Award notice information, award recipient reporting requirements.
VII. Agency Contacts: Web site, phone, fax, email, contact name. VIII.
Non-discrimination Statement: USDA non-discrimination statement, how to file a
complaint, persons with disabilities. I. Funding Opportunity A. Program
Description The HWWS Grant Program has been established to help individuals with
low to moderate incomes finance the costs of household water wells that they own
or will own. The HWWS Grant Program is authorized under Section 306E of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT), 7 U.S.C. 1926e. The CONACT
authorizes RUS to make grants to qualified private non-profit organizations to
establish lending programs for household water wells. As the grant recipients,
private non-profit organizations will receive HWWS grants to establish lending
programs that will provide water well loans to individuals. The individuals, as
loan recipients, may use the loans to construct, refurbish, and service their
household well systems. A loan may not exceed $11,000 and will have a term up to
20 years at a one percent annual interest rate. B. Background RUS supports the
sound development of rural communities and the growth of our economy without
endangering the environment. RUS provides financial and technical assistance to
help communities bring safe drinking water and sanitary, environmentally sound
waste disposal facilities to Rural Americans in greatest need. Central water
systems may not be the only or best solution to drinking water problems.
Distance or physical barriers make public central water systems costly to deploy
in remote areas. A significant number of geographically isolated households
without water service might require individual wells rather than connections to
new or existing community systems. The goal of RUS is not only to make funds
available to those communities most in need of potable water but also to ensure
that facilities used to deliver drinking water are safe and affordable. There is
a role for private wells in reaching this goal. C. Purpose The purpose of the
HWWS Grant Program is to provide funds to private non-profit organizations to
assist them in establishing loan programs from which individuals may borrow
money for HWWS. Faith-based organizations are eligible and encouraged to apply
for this program. Applicants must show that the project will provide technical
and financial assistance to eligible individuals to remedy household well
problems. Due to the limited amount of funds available typically available under
the HWWS Grant Program, the RUS anticipates that 10 applications may be funded
from FY 2017 funds. Applications from existing HWWS grant recipients are
acceptable and will be evaluated as new applications. II. Award Information
Funding Instrument Type: Grant. Available Funds: To be announced. Anticipated
Number of Awards: 10. Length of Project Periods: 12-month project. Assistance
Instrument: Grant Agreement with successful applicants before any grant funds
are disbursed. III. Eligibility Information A. Who is eligible for grants? 1. An
organization is eligible to receive a HWWS grant if it: a. Has an active
registration with current information in the System for Award Management (SAM)
and has a Dun and Bradstreet (D &B) Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS)
number. b. Is a private, non-profit organization. c. Is legally established and
located within one of the following: (1) A state within the United States (2)
The District of Columbia (3) The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico (4) A United States
territory. d. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant
purpose. e. Has sufficient expertise and experience in lending activities. f.
Has sufficient expertise and experience in promoting the safe and productive use
of individually-owned HWWS and ground water. g. Has no delinquent debt to the
federal government or no outstanding judgments to repay a federal debt. h.
Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and managerial
capability to comply with federal and State laws and requirements, and i. Is not
a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had an officer or agent
acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a felony) within the past 24
months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid federal tax liability that has been
assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been exhausted
or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an
agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability is not
eligible. 2. An individual is ineligible to receive a HWWS grant. An individual
may receive a loan from an organization receiving a grant award. B. What are the
basic eligibility requirements for a project? 1. Project Eligibility. To be
eligible for a grant, the project must: a. Be a revolving loan fund created to
provide loans to eligible individuals to construct, refurbish, and service
individually-owned HWWS (see 7 CFR 1776.11 and 1776.12). Loans may not be
provided for home sewer or septic system projects. b. Be established and
maintained by a private, non-profit organization. c. Be located in a rural area.
Rural area is defined as locations other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such towns and
cities. 2. Required Matching Contributions. Grant applicants must provide
written evidence of a matching contribution of at least 10 percent from sources
other than the proceeds of a HWWS grant. In-kind contributions will not be
considered for the matching requirement. Please see 7 CFR 1776.9 for the
requirement. 3. Other--Requirements. a. DUNS Number. The applicant for a grant
must supply a DUNS number as part of an application. The Standard Form 424
(SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The applicant can obtain the DUNS
number free of charge by calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please see
http://fedgov.dnb.com /webform for more information on how to obtain a DUNS
number or how to verify your organization's number. b. Prior to submitting an
application, the applicant must register in System for Award Management (SAM).
(1) Applicants may register for SAM at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.
(2) The SAM registration must remain active with current information at all
times while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal grant award or
loan is active. To maintain the registration in the SAM database the applicant
must review and update the information in the SAM database [[Page 88201]]
annually from date of initial registration or from the date of the last update.
The applicant must ensure that the information in the database is current,
accurate, and complete. c. Eligibility to receive a HWWS loan will be based on
the following criteria: (1) An individual must be a member of a household of
which the combined household income of all members does not exceed 100 percent
of the median non-metropolitan household income for the State or territory in
which the individual resides. Household income is the total income from all
sources received by each adult household member for the most recent 12-month
period for which the information is available. It does not include income earned
or received by dependent children under 18 years old or other benefits that are
excluded by federal law. The non- metropolitan household income must be based on
the 5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed,
other data from the United States Bureau of the Census. RUS publishes a list of
income exclusions in 7 CFR 3550.54(b). Also, the Department of Housing and Urban
Development published a list of income exclusions in the Federal Register on May
20, 2014, at 79 FR 28938 (see ``Federally Mandated Exclusions''). (2) The loan
recipient must own and occupy the home being improved with the proceeds of the
Household Water Well loan or be purchasing the home to occupy under a legally
enforceable land purchase contract which is not in default by either the seller
or the purchaser. (3) The home being improved with the water well system must be
located in a rural area. (4) The loan for a water well system must not be
associated with the construction of a new dwelling. (5) The loan must not be
used to substitute a water well system for water service available from
collective water systems. (For example, a loan may not be used to restore an old
well abandoned when a dwelling was connected to a water district's water line.)
(6) The loan recipient must not be suspended or debarred from participation in
Federal programs. IV. Application and Submission Information A. Where To Get
Application Information The HWWS Grant Application Guide (Application Guide),
copies of necessary forms and samples, and the HWWS Grant Program regulation are
available from these sources: 1. Internet for electronic copies: http://www.
grants.gov/ or http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/household-water-well-
system-grants; 2. Water and Environmental Programs for paper copies: RUS, Water
Programs Division, STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-1570, Telephone: (202) 720-9589, Fax: (202) 690-0649. B.
Content and Form of Application Submission 1. Rules and Guidelines: a. Detailed
information on each item required can be found in the HWWS Grant Program
regulation (7 CFR part 1776) and the Application Guide. Applicants are strongly
encouraged to read and apply both the regulation and the Application Guide. This
Notice does not change the requirements for a completed application for any form
of HWWS financial assistance specified in the regulation. The regulation and
Application Guide provide specific guidance on each of the items listed. b.
Applications should be prepared in conformance with the provisions in 7 CFR part
1776, subpart B, and departmental and other applicable regulations including 2
CFR parts 180, 182, 200, 400, and 421, or any successor regulations. Applicants
should use the Application Guide which contains instructions and other important
information in preparing their application. Completed applications must include
the items found in the checklist in the next paragraph. 2. Checklist of Items in
Completed Application Packages: a. DUNS Number. The applicant for a grant must
supply a Dunn and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as
part of an application. The Standard Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the
DUNS number. The applicant can obtain the DUNS number free of charge by calling
Dun and Bradstreet. Please see http://fedgov.dnb.com /webform for more
information on how to obtain a DUNS number or how to verify your organization's
number. b. Prior to submitting an application, the applicant must register in
the System for Award Management (SAM). (1) Applicants may register for the SAM
at: https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/. (2) The SAM registration must remain
active with current information at all times while RUS is considering an
application or while a Federal Grant Award or loan is active. To maintain the
registration in the SAM database the applicant must review and update the
information in the SAM database annually from date of initial registration or
from the date of the last update. The applicant must ensure that the information
in the database is current, accurate, and complete. (3) Your organization must
be listed in the SAM. If you have not used Grants.gov before, you will need to
register with the SAM and the Credential Provider. New registrations can take
three to five business days to process. Updating or renewing an active
registration has a shorter turnaround, 24 hours. Registrations in SAM are active
for one year. The SAM registers your organization, housing your organizational
information and allowing Grants.gov to use the information to verify your
identity. The DUNS number, Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), and name and
address of the applicant organization must match SAM data files. c. The
electronic and paper application process requires forms with the prefixes RD and
SF as well as supporting documents and certifications. Application Items (1)
SF-424, ``Application for Federal Assistance''. (2) SF-424A, ``Budget
Information--Non-Construction Programs''. (3) SF-424B,
``Assurances--Non-Construction Programs''. (4) SF-LLL, ``Disclosure of Lobbying
Activity''. (5) Form RD 400-1, ``Equal Opportunity Agreement''. (6) Form RD
400-4, ``Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil Rights Act of 1964). (7)
Project Proposal, Project Summary, Needs Assessment, Project Goals and
Objectives, Project Narrative. (8) Work Plan. (9) Budget and Budget
Justification. (10) Evidence of Legal Authority and Existence. (11)
Documentation of private non-profit status and Internal Revenue Service (IRS)
Tax Exempt Status. (12) List of Directors and Officers. (13) Financial
information and sustainability (narrative). (14) Assurances and certifications
of compliance with other Federal Statutes. The forms in items 1 through 6 must
be completed and signed where appropriate by an official of your organization
who has authority to obligate the organization legally. RD forms are used by
programs under the RD mission area. Standard forms (SF) are used
government-wide. In addition [[Page 88202]] to the sources listed in section A,
the forms may be accessed electronically through the RD Web site at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/publications. See section V, ``Application Review
Information,'' for instructions and guidelines on preparing Items 7 through 13.
3. Compliance with Other Federal Statutes. The applicant must provide evidence
of compliance with other Federal statutes and regulations, including, but not
limited to the following: a. 7 CFR part 15, subpart A--Nondiscrimination in
Federally Assisted Programs of the Department of Agriculture--Effectuation of
Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. b. 2 CFR part 417--Governmentwide
Debarment and Suspension (Nonprocurement), or any successor regulations. c. 7
CFR part 3052--Audits of States, Local Governments, and Non- profit
Organizations, or any successor regulations. d. Subpart B of 2 CFR part 421,
which adopts the Governmentwide implementation (2 CFR part 182) of the Drug-Free
Workplace Act. e. Executive Order 13166, ``Improving Access to Services for
Persons with Limited English Proficiency.'' For information on limited English
proficiency and agency-specific guidance go to http://www.lep.gov/. f. Federal
Obligation Certification on Delinquent Debt. C. How many copies of an
application are required? 1. Applications Submitted on Paper. Submit one signed
original and two additional copies. The original and each of the two copies must
include all required forms, certifications, assurances, and appendices, be
signed by an authorized representative, and have original signatures. Do not
include organizational brochures or promotional materials. 2. Applications
Submitted Electronically. Additional paper copies are unnecessary if the
application is submitted electronically through http://www.grants.gov/. D. How
and Where To Submit an Application 1. Submitting Paper Applications: a. For
paper applications, mail or ensure delivery of an original paper application (no
stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures) and two copies by the deadline
date to: Rural Development, Rural Utility Service, Water Programs Division, STOP
1570, Room 2234-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570,
Telephone: (202) 720-9583. Submit paper applications marked ``Attention: Water
and Environmental Programs.'' b. Applications must show proof of mailing or
shipping by one of the following: (1) A legibly dated U.S. Postal Service (USPS)
postmark; (2) A legible mail receipt with the date of mailing stamped by the
USPS; or, (3) A dated shipping label, invoice, or receipt from a commercial
carrier. c. If a deadline date falls on a weekend, it will be extended to the
following Monday. If the date falls on a federal holiday, it will be extended to
the next business day. d. Due to screening procedures at the Department of
Agriculture, packages arriving via the USPS are irradiated, which can damage the
contents and delay delivery. RUS encourages applicants to consider the impact of
this procedure in selecting an application delivery method. 2. Submitting
Electronic Applications: a. Applications will not be accepted by fax or
electronic mail. b. Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if
submitted through Grants.gov at http://www.grants.gov/. c. Applicants must
preregister successfully with Grants.gov to use the electronic applications
option. Application information may be downloaded from Grants.gov without
preregistration. d. Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their
electronic applications before the deadline. e. Grants.gov contains full
instructions on all required passwords, credentialing, and software. Follow the
instructions at Grants.gov for registering and submitting an electronic
application. f. Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number
and an active registration in SAM. See the ``Checklist of Items in Completed
Application Packages'' for instructions on obtaining a DUNS number and
registering in the SAM. g. You must be registered with Grants.gov before you can
submit an electronic grant application. (1) You must register at Grants.gov:
http://www.grants.gov/applicants/get_registered.jsp. (2) Organization
registration user guides and checklists are also available at Grants.gov. (3)
Grants.gov requires some credentialing and online authentication procedures.
When an applicant organization is registered with SAM, the organization
designates a point of contact who receives a password authorizing the person to
designate staff members who are allowed to submit applications electronically
through Grants.gov. These authorized organization representatives must be
registered with Grants.gov to receive a username and password to submit
applications. These procedures may take several business days to complete. (4)
Some or all of the SAM and Grants.gov registration, credentialing and
authorizations require updates. If you have previously registered at Grants.gov
to submit applications electronically, please ensure that your registration,
credentialing and authorizations are up to date well in advance of the grant
application deadline. h. To use Grants.gov: (1) Follow the instructions on the
Web site to find grant information. (2) Download a copy of an application
package. (3) Complete the package off-line. (4) Upload and submit the
application via the Grants.gov Web site. (5) If a system problem or technical
difficulty occurs with an electronic application, please use the customer
support resources available at the Grants.gov Web site. (6) Again, RUS
encourages applicants to take early action to complete the sign-up,
credentialing and authorization procedures at Grants.gov before submitting an
application at the Web site. E. Deadlines The deadline for paper and electronic
submissions is February 6, 2017. Paper applications must be postmarked and
mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later than the closing date to be
considered for FY 2017 grant funding. Electronic applications must have an
electronic date and time stamp by midnight of February 6, 2017 to be considered
on time. RUS will not accept applications by fax or email. Applications that do
not meet the criteria above are considered late applications and will not be
considered. RUS will notify each late applicant that its application will not be
considered. F. Funding Restrictions 1. Eligible Grant Purposes: a. Grant funds
must be used to establish and maintain a revolving loan fund to provide loans to
eligible individuals for household water well systems. b. Individuals may use
the loans to construct, refurbish, rehabilitate, or [[Page 88203]] replace
household water well systems up to the point of entry of a home. Point of entry
for the well system is the junction where water enters into a home water
delivery system after being pumped from a well. c. Grant funds may be used to
pay administrative expenses associated with providing HWWS loans. 2. Ineligible
Grant Purposes: a. Administrative expenses incurred in any calendar year that
exceed 10 percent of the household water well loans made during the same period
do not qualify for reimbursement. b. Administrative expenses incurred before RUS
executes a grant agreement with the recipient do not qualify for reimbursement.
c. Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government does not qualify for
reimbursement. d. Grant funds may not be used to provide loans for household
sewer or septic systems. e. Household Water Well loans may not be used to pay
the costs of water well systems for the construction of a new house. f.
Household Water Well loans may not be used to pay the costs of a home plumbing
system. V. Application Review Information A. Criteria This section contains
instructions and guidelines on preparing the project proposal, work plan, and
budget sections of the application. Also, guidelines are provided on the
additional information required for RUS to determine eligibility and financial
feasibility. 1. Project Proposal. The project proposal should outline the
project in sufficient detail to provide a reader with a complete understanding
of the loan program. Explain what will be accomplished by lending funds to
individual well owners. Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed loan program
in meeting the objectives of this grant program. The proposal should include the
following elements: a. Project Summary. Present a brief project overview.
Explain the purpose of the project, how it relates to RUS' purposes, how the
project will be executed, what the project will produce, and who will direct it.
b. Needs Assessment. To show why the project is necessary, clearly identify the
economic, social, financial, or other problems that require solutions.
Demonstrate the well owners' need for financial and technical assistance.
Quantify the number of prospective borrowers or provide statistical or narrative
evidence that a sufficient number of borrowers will exist to justify the grant
award. Describe the service area. Provide information on the household income of
the area and other demographical information. Address community needs. c.
Project Goals and Objectives. Clearly state the project goals. The objectives
should clearly describe the goals and be concrete and specific enough to be
quantitative or observable. They should also be feasible and relate to the
purpose of the grant and loan program. d. Project Narrative. The narrative
should cover in more detail the items briefly described in the Project Summary.
Demonstrate the grant applicant's experience and expertise in promoting the safe
and productive use of individually-owned household water well systems. The
narrative should address the following points: (1) Document the grant
applicant's ability to manage and service a revolving fund. The narrative may
describe the systems that are in place for the full life cycle of a loan from
loan origination through servicing. If a servicing contractor will service the
loan portfolio, the arrangement and services provided must be discussed. (2)
Show evidence of the availability of funds from sources other than the HWWS
grant. Describe the contributions the project will receive from your
organization, state agencies, local government, other federal agencies,
non-government organizations, private industry, and individuals. The
documentation should describe how the contributions will be used to pay your
operational costs and provide financial assistance for projects. (3) Demonstrate
that the organization has secured commitments of significant financial support
from other funding sources. (4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be
assessed. 2. Work Plan. The work plan or scope of work must describe the tasks
and activities that will be accomplished with available resources during the
grant period. It must include who will carry out the activities and services to
be performed and specific timeframes for completion. Describe any unusual or
unique features of the project such as innovations, reductions in cost or time,
or extraordinary community involvement. 3. Budget and Budget Justification. Use
the Form SF-424A, Budget Information--Non-Construction Programs, to show your
budget cost elements. The form summarizes resources as Federal and Non-Federal
funds and costs. ``Federal'' refers only to the HWWS Grant Program for which you
are applying. ``Non-Federal'' refers to resources from your organization, state
agencies, local government, other federal agencies, non-government
organizations, private industry, and individuals. Both Federal and Non-Federal
resources shall be detailed and justified in the budget and narrative
justification. a. Provide a budget with line item detail and detailed
calculations for each budget object class identified in section B of the Budget
Information form (SF-424A). Detailed calculations must include estimation
methods, quantities, unit costs, and other similar quantitative detail
sufficient for the calculation to be duplicated. Also include a breakout by the
funding sources identified in Block 15 of the SF-424. b. Provide a narrative
budget justification that describes how the categorical costs are derived for
all capital and administrative expenditures, the matching contribution, and
other sources of funds necessary to complete the project. Discuss the necessity,
reasonableness, and allocability of the proposed costs. c. If the grant
applicant will use a servicing contractor, the fees may be reimbursed as an
administrative expense as provided in 7 CFR 1776.13. These fees must be
discussed in the budget narrative. If the grant applicant will hire a servicing
contractor, it must demonstrate that all procurement transactions will be
conducted in a manner to provide, to the maximum extent practical, open and free
competition. Recipients must justify any anticipated procurement action that is
expected to be awarded without competition and exceed the simplified acquisition
threshold fixed at 41 U.S.C. 134 (currently set at $100,000). d. The indirect
cost category should be used only when the grant applicant currently has an
indirect cost rate approved by the Department of Agriculture or another
cognizant Federal agency. A grant applicant that will charge indirect costs to
the grant must enclose a copy of the current rate agreement. If the grant
applicant is in the process of initially developing or renegotiating a rate, the
grant applicant shall submit its indirect cost proposal to the cognizant agency
immediately after the applicant is advised that an award will be made. In no
event, shall the indirect cost proposal be submitted later than three months
after the effective date of the award. 4. Evidence of Legal Authority and
Existence. The applicant must provide satisfactory documentation that it is
[[Page 88204]] legally recognized under state or Tribal and Federal law as a
private non-profit organization. The documentation also must show that it has
the authority to enter into a grant agreement with RUS and to perform the
activities proposed under the grant application. Satisfactory documentation
includes, but is not limited to, certificates from the Secretary of State,
copies of state/Tribal statutes or laws establishing your organization, and
copies of your organization's articles of incorporation and bylaws. Letters from
IRS awarding tax- exempt status are not considered adequate evidence. 5. List of
Directors and Officers. The applicant must submit a certified list of directors
and officers with their respective terms. 6. IRS Tax Exempt Status. The
applicant must submit evidence of tax exempt status from the Internal Revenue
Service. 7. Financial Information and Sustainability. The applicant must submit
pro forma balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow statements for the
last three years and projections for three years. Additionally, the most recent
audit of the applicant's organization must be submitted. B. Evaluation Criteria
Grant applications that are complete and eligible will be scored competitively
based on the following scoring criteria:
------------------------------------------------------------------------ Scoring
criteria Points
------------------------------------------------------------------------ Degree
of expertise and experience in Up to 30 points. promoting the safe and
productive use of individually-owned household water well systems and ground
water. Degree of expertise and successful Up to 20 points. experience in making
and servicing loans to individuals. Percentage of applicant contributions.
Points allowed under this paragraph will be based on written evidence of the
availability of funds from sources other than the proceeds of a HWWS grant to
pay part of the cost of a loan recipient's project. In-kind contributions will
not be considered. Funds from other sources as a percentage of the HWWS grant
and points corresponding to such percentages are as follows: 0 to 9
percent......................... Ineligible. 10 to 25
percent....................... 5 points. 26 to 30 percent.......................
10 points. 31 to 50 percent....................... 15 points. 51 percent or
more..................... 20 points. Extent to which the work plan demonstrates
Up to 20 points. a well thought out, comprehensive approach to accomplishing the
objectives of this part, clearly defines who will be served by the project, and
appears likely to be sustainable. Extent to which the goals and objectives Up to
10 points. are clearly defined, tied to the work plan, and measurable. Lowest
ratio of projected administrative Up to 10 points. expenses to loans advanced.
Administrator's discretion, considering such factors as: Creative outreach ideas
for marketing Up to 10 points. HWWS loans to rural residents; factors include:
1. Directs loans to rural areas where according to the American Community Survey
data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living
in poverty. Directs loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets, and
modern sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates
of disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas. 2. Areas impacted by severe drought
------------------------------------------------------------------------ C.
Review Standards 1. Incomplete applications as of the deadline for submission
will not be considered. If an application is determined to be incomplete, the
applicant will be notified in writing and the application will be returned with
no further action. 2. Ineligible applications will be returned to the applicant
with an explanation. 3. Complete, eligible applications will be evaluated
competitively by a review team, composed of at least two RUS employees selected
from the Water Programs Division. They will make overall recommendations based
on the program elements found in 7 CFR part 1776 and the review criteria
presented in this notice. They will award points as described in the scoring
criteria in 7 CFR 1776.9 and this notice. Each application will receive a score
based on the averages of the reviewers' scores and discretionary points awarded
by the RUS Administrator. 4. Applications will be ranked and grants awarded in
rank order until all grant funds are expended. 5. Regardless of the score an
application receives, if RUS determines that the project is technically
infeasible, RUS will notify the applicant, in writing, and the application will
be returned with no further action. VI. Award Administration Information A.
Award Notices RUS will notify a successful applicant by an award letter
accompanied by a grant agreement. The grant agreement will contain the terms and
conditions for the grant. The applicant must execute and return the grant
agreement, accompanied by any additional items required by the award letter or
grant agreement. B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements 1. This
notice, the 7 CFR part 1776, and the application guide implement the appropriate
administrative and national policy requirements. Grant recipients are subject to
the requirements in 7 CFR part 1776. 2. Direct federal grants, sub-award funds,
or contracts under the HWWS Grant Program shall not be used to fund inherently
religious activities, such as worship, religious instruction, or
proselytization. Therefore, organizations that receive direct assistance should
take steps to separate, in time or location, their inherently religious
activities from the services funded under the HWWS Grant Program. Regulations
for the Equal Treatment for Faith-based Organizations are contained in 7 CFR
part 16, which includes the prohibition against federal funding of inherently
religious activities. C. Reporting 1. Performance Reporting. All recipients of
HWWS Grant Program financial assistance must provide quarterly performance
activity reports to RUS until the project is complete and the funds are
expended. A final [[Page 88205]] performance report is also required. The final
report may serve as the last annual report. The final report must include an
evaluation of the success of the project. 2. Financial Reporting. All recipients
of HWWS Grant Program financial assistance must provide an annual audit,
beginning with the first year a portion of the financial assistance is expended.
The Non- Federal Entity (formerly called Grantee) will provide an audit report
or financial statements as follows: a. Non-Federal Entities expending $500,000
or more Federal funds per fiscal year will submit an audit conducted in
accordance with 2 CFR part 200 or successor guidance. The audit will be
submitted within nine months after the Non-Federal Entity's fiscal year.
Additional audits may be required if the project period covers more than one
fiscal year. b. Non-Federal Entities expending less than $500,000 will provide
annual financial statements covering the grant period, consisting of the
organization's statement of income and expense and balance sheet signed by an
appropriate official of the organization. Financial statements will be submitted
within 90 days after the Non-Federal Entity's fiscal year. 3. Recipient and
Subrecipient Reporting. The applicant must have the necessary processes and
systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements for first-tier
sub-awards and executive compensation under the Federal Funding Accountability
and Transparency Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives funding unless
such applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements pursuant to 2 CFR
170.110(b). The reporting requirements under the Transparency Act pursuant to 2
CFR part 170 are as follows: a. First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in
non-Recovery Act funds (unless they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be
reported by the Recipient to http://www.fsrs.gov/ no later than the end of the
month following the month the obligation was made. b. The Total Compensation of
the Recipient's Executives (five most highly compensated executives) must be
reported by the Recipient (if the Recipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part
170) to https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ by the end of the month following
the month in which the award was made. c. The Total Compensation of the
Subrecipient's Executives (5 most highly compensated executives) must be
reported by the Subrecipient (if the Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR
part 170) to the Recipient by the end of the month following the month in which
the subaward was made. VII. Agency Contacts A. Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/household-water-well-system-grants B.
Phone: 202-720-9640. C. Fax: 202-690-0649. D. Email: derek.jones@wdc.usda.gov E.
Main point of contact: Derek Jones, Community Programs Specialist, Water
Programs Division, Water and Environmental Programs, RUS, Rural Development,
U.S. Department of Agriculture. VIII. USDA Non-Discrimination Statement In
accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices,
and employees, and institutions participating in or administering USDA programs
are prohibited from discriminating based on race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity (including gender expression), sexual
orientation, disability, age, marital status, family/parental status, income
derived from a public assistance program, political beliefs, or reprisal or
retaliation for prior civil rights activity, in any program or activity
conducted or funded by USDA (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and
complaint filing deadlines vary by program or incident. Persons with
disabilities who require alternative means of communication for program
information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, American Sign Language,
etc.) should contact the responsible Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at (202)
720-2600 (voice and TTY) or contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at
(800) 877-8339. Additionally, program information may be made available in
languages other than English. To file a program discrimination complaint,
complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online
at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or
write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the
information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint form, call
(866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA by: (1) By mail:
U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil
Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410; (2) Fax: (202)
690-7442; or (3) Email: program.intake@usda.gov USDA is an equal opportunity
provider, employer, and lender. Dated: November 7, 2016. Brandon McBride,
Administrator, Rural Utilities Service. [FR Doc. 2016-29336 Filed 12-6-16; 8:45
am] BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 7, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Announcement of Grant Application Deadlines and Funding Levels
Pages 88199 - 88205 [FR DOC # 2016-29336]

LENGTH: 7026  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utilities Service Announcement of Grant
Application Deadlines and Funding Levels AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA.
ACTION: Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA), Household Water Well
System Grant Program.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Household Water Well System
(HWWS) Grant Program application window for fiscal year (FY) 2017. RUS will make
grants to qualified private non-profit organizations to establish lending
programs for homeowners to borrow up to $11,000 to construct or repair household
water wells for an existing home.

The HWWS Grant Program is authorized under 7 U.S.C. 1926e. Regulations may be
found at 7 CFR part 1776. This year RUS will assign administrative discretion
points to applications that: 1. Direct loans to rural areas where according to
the American Community Survey data by census tracts show that at least 20
percent of the population is living in poverty. 2. Direct loans to areas which
lack running water, flush toilets, and modern sewage disposal systems, and areas
which have open sewers and high rates of disease caused by poor sanitation, in
particular, colonias or Substantially Underserved Trust Areas. 3. Direct loans
to rural areas impacted by severe drought. DATES: The deadline for completed
applications for a HWWS grant is February 6, 2017. Applications in either paper
or electronic format must be postmarked or time-stamped electronically on or
before the deadline. Late applications will be ineligible for grant
consideration. ADDRESSES: Submit applications to the following addresses: 1.
Electronic applications: http://www.grants.gov/. Submit electronic applications
through Grants.gov, following the instructions on that Web site. 2. Paper
applications: Water Programs Division, Rural Development, Rural Utilities
Service, STOP: 1570, Room 2234-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC
20250-1570. Obtain application guides and materials for the HWWS Grant Program
electronically or in paper format from the following addresses: 1. Electronic
copies: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/household-water-well-
system-grants; 2. Paper copies: Water Programs Division, Rural Utilities
Service, STOP: 1570, Room 2234-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC
20250-1570 or call (202) 720-9583. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Derek Jones,
Community Programs Specialist, Water and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities
Service, Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture, STOP 1570, Room
2234-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570;. Telephone:
(202) 720-9640, fax: (202) 690-0649, email: derek.jones@wdc.usda.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Overview Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service,
USDA. Funding Opportunity Title: HWWS Grant Program. Announcement Type: Grant
--Solicitation of Applications. Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA)
Number: 10.862. Due Date for Applications: February 6, 2017. Items in
Supplementary Information I. Funding Opportunity: Description of the HWWS Grant
Program. II. Award Information: To be determined. III. Eligibility Information:
Who is eligible, what kinds of projects are eligible, what criteria determine
basic eligibility. [[Page 88200]] IV. Application and Submission Information:
Where to get application materials, what constitutes a completed application,
how and where to submit applications, deadlines, items that are eligible. V.
Application Review Information: Considerations and preferences, scoring
criteria, review standards, selection information. VI. Award Administration
Information: Award notice information, award recipient reporting requirements.
VII. Agency Contacts: Web site, phone, fax, email, contact name. VIII.
Non-discrimination Statement: USDA non-discrimination statement, how to file a
complaint, persons with disabilities. I. Funding Opportunity A. Program
Description The HWWS Grant Program has been established to help individuals with
low to moderate incomes finance the costs of household water wells that they own
or will own. The HWWS Grant Program is authorized under Section 306E of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT), 7 U.S.C. 1926e. The CONACT
authorizes RUS to make grants to qualified private non-profit organizations to
establish lending programs for household water wells. As the grant recipients,
private non-profit organizations will receive HWWS grants to establish lending
programs that will provide water well loans to individuals. The individuals, as
loan recipients, may use the loans to construct, refurbish, and service their
household well systems. A loan may not exceed $11,000 and will have a term up to
20 years at a one percent annual interest rate. B. Background RUS supports the
sound development of rural communities and the growth of our economy without
endangering the environment. RUS provides financial and technical assistance to
help communities bring safe drinking water and sanitary, environmentally sound
waste disposal facilities to Rural Americans in greatest need. Central water
systems may not be the only or best solution to drinking water problems.
Distance or physical barriers make public central water systems costly to deploy
in remote areas. A significant number of geographically isolated households
without water service might require individual wells rather than connections to
new or existing community systems. The goal of RUS is not only to make funds
available to those communities most in need of potable water but also to ensure
that facilities used to deliver drinking water are safe and affordable. There is
a role for private wells in reaching this goal. C. Purpose The purpose of the
HWWS Grant Program is to provide funds to private non-profit organizations to
assist them in establishing loan programs from which individuals may borrow
money for HWWS. Faith-based organizations are eligible and encouraged to apply
for this program. Applicants must show that the project will provide technical
and financial assistance to eligible individuals to remedy household well
problems. Due to the limited amount of funds available typically available under
the HWWS Grant Program, the RUS anticipates that 10 applications may be funded
from FY 2017 funds. Applications from existing HWWS grant recipients are
acceptable and will be evaluated as new applications. II. Award Information
Funding Instrument Type: Grant. Available Funds: To be announced. Anticipated
Number of Awards: 10. Length of Project Periods: 12-month project. Assistance
Instrument: Grant Agreement with successful applicants before any grant funds
are disbursed. III. Eligibility Information A. Who is eligible for grants? 1. An
organization is eligible to receive a HWWS grant if it: a. Has an active
registration with current information in the System for Award Management (SAM)
and has a Dun and Bradstreet (D &B) Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS)
number. b. Is a private, non-profit organization. c. Is legally established and
located within one of the following: (1) A state within the United States (2)
The District of Columbia (3) The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico (4) A United States
territory. d. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant
purpose. e. Has sufficient expertise and experience in lending activities. f.
Has sufficient expertise and experience in promoting the safe and productive use
of individually-owned HWWS and ground water. g. Has no delinquent debt to the
federal government or no outstanding judgments to repay a federal debt. h.
Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and managerial
capability to comply with federal and State laws and requirements, and i. Is not
a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had an officer or agent
acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a felony) within the past 24
months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid federal tax liability that has been
assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been exhausted
or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an
agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability is not
eligible. 2. An individual is ineligible to receive a HWWS grant. An individual
may receive a loan from an organization receiving a grant award. B. What are the
basic eligibility requirements for a project? 1. Project Eligibility. To be
eligible for a grant, the project must: a. Be a revolving loan fund created to
provide loans to eligible individuals to construct, refurbish, and service
individually-owned HWWS (see 7 CFR 1776.11 and 1776.12). Loans may not be
provided for home sewer or septic system projects. b. Be established and
maintained by a private, non-profit organization. c. Be located in a rural area.
Rural area is defined as locations other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such towns and
cities. 2. Required Matching Contributions. Grant applicants must provide
written evidence of a matching contribution of at least 10 percent from sources
other than the proceeds of a HWWS grant. In-kind contributions will not be
considered for the matching requirement. Please see 7 CFR 1776.9 for the
requirement. 3. Other--Requirements. a. DUNS Number. The applicant for a grant
must supply a DUNS number as part of an application. The Standard Form 424
(SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The applicant can obtain the DUNS
number free of charge by calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please see
http://fedgov.dnb.com /webform for more information on how to obtain a DUNS
number or how to verify your organization's number. b. Prior to submitting an
application, the applicant must register in System for Award Management (SAM).
(1) Applicants may register for SAM at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.
(2) The SAM registration must remain active with current information at all
times while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal grant award or
loan is active. To maintain the registration in the SAM database the applicant
must review and update the information in the SAM database [[Page 88201]]
annually from date of initial registration or from the date of the last update.
The applicant must ensure that the information in the database is current,
accurate, and complete. c. Eligibility to receive a HWWS loan will be based on
the following criteria: (1) An individual must be a member of a household of
which the combined household income of all members does not exceed 100 percent
of the median non-metropolitan household income for the State or territory in
which the individual resides. Household income is the total income from all
sources received by each adult household member for the most recent 12-month
period for which the information is available. It does not include income earned
or received by dependent children under 18 years old or other benefits that are
excluded by federal law. The non- metropolitan household income must be based on
the 5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed,
other data from the United States Bureau of the Census. RUS publishes a list of
income exclusions in 7 CFR 3550.54(b). Also, the Department of Housing and Urban
Development published a list of income exclusions in the Federal Register on May
20, 2014, at 79 FR 28938 (see ``Federally Mandated Exclusions''). (2) The loan
recipient must own and occupy the home being improved with the proceeds of the
Household Water Well loan or be purchasing the home to occupy under a legally
enforceable land purchase contract which is not in default by either the seller
or the purchaser. (3) The home being improved with the water well system must be
located in a rural area. (4) The loan for a water well system must not be
associated with the construction of a new dwelling. (5) The loan must not be
used to substitute a water well system for water service available from
collective water systems. (For example, a loan may not be used to restore an old
well abandoned when a dwelling was connected to a water district's water line.)
(6) The loan recipient must not be suspended or debarred from participation in
Federal programs. IV. Application and Submission Information A. Where To Get
Application Information The HWWS Grant Application Guide (Application Guide),
copies of necessary forms and samples, and the HWWS Grant Program regulation are
available from these sources: 1. Internet for electronic copies: http://www.
grants.gov/ or http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/household-water-well-
system-grants; 2. Water and Environmental Programs for paper copies: RUS, Water
Programs Division, STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-1570, Telephone: (202) 720-9589, Fax: (202) 690-0649. B.
Content and Form of Application Submission 1. Rules and Guidelines: a. Detailed
information on each item required can be found in the HWWS Grant Program
regulation (7 CFR part 1776) and the Application Guide. Applicants are strongly
encouraged to read and apply both the regulation and the Application Guide. This
Notice does not change the requirements for a completed application for any form
of HWWS financial assistance specified in the regulation. The regulation and
Application Guide provide specific guidance on each of the items listed. b.
Applications should be prepared in conformance with the provisions in 7 CFR part
1776, subpart B, and departmental and other applicable regulations including 2
CFR parts 180, 182, 200, 400, and 421, or any successor regulations. Applicants
should use the Application Guide which contains instructions and other important
information in preparing their application. Completed applications must include
the items found in the checklist in the next paragraph. 2. Checklist of Items in
Completed Application Packages: a. DUNS Number. The applicant for a grant must
supply a Dunn and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as
part of an application. The Standard Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the
DUNS number. The applicant can obtain the DUNS number free of charge by calling
Dun and Bradstreet. Please see http://fedgov.dnb.com /webform for more
information on how to obtain a DUNS number or how to verify your organization's
number. b. Prior to submitting an application, the applicant must register in
the System for Award Management (SAM). (1) Applicants may register for the SAM
at: https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/. (2) The SAM registration must remain
active with current information at all times while RUS is considering an
application or while a Federal Grant Award or loan is active. To maintain the
registration in the SAM database the applicant must review and update the
information in the SAM database annually from date of initial registration or
from the date of the last update. The applicant must ensure that the information
in the database is current, accurate, and complete. (3) Your organization must
be listed in the SAM. If you have not used Grants.gov before, you will need to
register with the SAM and the Credential Provider. New registrations can take
three to five business days to process. Updating or renewing an active
registration has a shorter turnaround, 24 hours. Registrations in SAM are active
for one year. The SAM registers your organization, housing your organizational
information and allowing Grants.gov to use the information to verify your
identity. The DUNS number, Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), and name and
address of the applicant organization must match SAM data files. c. The
electronic and paper application process requires forms with the prefixes RD and
SF as well as supporting documents and certifications. Application Items (1)
SF-424, ``Application for Federal Assistance''. (2) SF-424A, ``Budget
Information--Non-Construction Programs''. (3) SF-424B,
``Assurances--Non-Construction Programs''. (4) SF-LLL, ``Disclosure of Lobbying
Activity''. (5) Form RD 400-1, ``Equal Opportunity Agreement''. (6) Form RD
400-4, ``Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil Rights Act of 1964). (7)
Project Proposal, Project Summary, Needs Assessment, Project Goals and
Objectives, Project Narrative. (8) Work Plan. (9) Budget and Budget
Justification. (10) Evidence of Legal Authority and Existence. (11)
Documentation of private non-profit status and Internal Revenue Service (IRS)
Tax Exempt Status. (12) List of Directors and Officers. (13) Financial
information and sustainability (narrative). (14) Assurances and certifications
of compliance with other Federal Statutes. The forms in items 1 through 6 must
be completed and signed where appropriate by an official of your organization
who has authority to obligate the organization legally. RD forms are used by
programs under the RD mission area. Standard forms (SF) are used
government-wide. In addition [[Page 88202]] to the sources listed in section A,
the forms may be accessed electronically through the RD Web site at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/publications. See section V, ``Application Review
Information,'' for instructions and guidelines on preparing Items 7 through 13.
3. Compliance with Other Federal Statutes. The applicant must provide evidence
of compliance with other Federal statutes and regulations, including, but not
limited to the following: a. 7 CFR part 15, subpart A--Nondiscrimination in
Federally Assisted Programs of the Department of Agriculture--Effectuation of
Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. b. 2 CFR part 417--Governmentwide
Debarment and Suspension (Nonprocurement), or any successor regulations. c. 7
CFR part 3052--Audits of States, Local Governments, and Non- profit
Organizations, or any successor regulations. d. Subpart B of 2 CFR part 421,
which adopts the Governmentwide implementation (2 CFR part 182) of the Drug-Free
Workplace Act. e. Executive Order 13166, ``Improving Access to Services for
Persons with Limited English Proficiency.'' For information on limited English
proficiency and agency-specific guidance go to http://www.lep.gov/. f. Federal
Obligation Certification on Delinquent Debt. C. How many copies of an
application are required? 1. Applications Submitted on Paper. Submit one signed
original and two additional copies. The original and each of the two copies must
include all required forms, certifications, assurances, and appendices, be
signed by an authorized representative, and have original signatures. Do not
include organizational brochures or promotional materials. 2. Applications
Submitted Electronically. Additional paper copies are unnecessary if the
application is submitted electronically through http://www.grants.gov/. D. How
and Where To Submit an Application 1. Submitting Paper Applications: a. For
paper applications, mail or ensure delivery of an original paper application (no
stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures) and two copies by the deadline
date to: Rural Development, Rural Utility Service, Water Programs Division, STOP
1570, Room 2234-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570,
Telephone: (202) 720-9583. Submit paper applications marked ``Attention: Water
and Environmental Programs.'' b. Applications must show proof of mailing or
shipping by one of the following: (1) A legibly dated U.S. Postal Service (USPS)
postmark; (2) A legible mail receipt with the date of mailing stamped by the
USPS; or, (3) A dated shipping label, invoice, or receipt from a commercial
carrier. c. If a deadline date falls on a weekend, it will be extended to the
following Monday. If the date falls on a federal holiday, it will be extended to
the next business day. d. Due to screening procedures at the Department of
Agriculture, packages arriving via the USPS are irradiated, which can damage the
contents and delay delivery. RUS encourages applicants to consider the impact of
this procedure in selecting an application delivery method. 2. Submitting
Electronic Applications: a. Applications will not be accepted by fax or
electronic mail. b. Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if
submitted through Grants.gov at http://www.grants.gov/. c. Applicants must
preregister successfully with Grants.gov to use the electronic applications
option. Application information may be downloaded from Grants.gov without
preregistration. d. Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their
electronic applications before the deadline. e. Grants.gov contains full
instructions on all required passwords, credentialing, and software. Follow the
instructions at Grants.gov for registering and submitting an electronic
application. f. Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number
and an active registration in SAM. See the ``Checklist of Items in Completed
Application Packages'' for instructions on obtaining a DUNS number and
registering in the SAM. g. You must be registered with Grants.gov before you can
submit an electronic grant application. (1) You must register at Grants.gov:
http://www.grants.gov/applicants/get_registered.jsp. (2) Organization
registration user guides and checklists are also available at Grants.gov. (3)
Grants.gov requires some credentialing and online authentication procedures.
When an applicant organization is registered with SAM, the organization
designates a point of contact who receives a password authorizing the person to
designate staff members who are allowed to submit applications electronically
through Grants.gov. These authorized organization representatives must be
registered with Grants.gov to receive a username and password to submit
applications. These procedures may take several business days to complete. (4)
Some or all of the SAM and Grants.gov registration, credentialing and
authorizations require updates. If you have previously registered at Grants.gov
to submit applications electronically, please ensure that your registration,
credentialing and authorizations are up to date well in advance of the grant
application deadline. h. To use Grants.gov: (1) Follow the instructions on the
Web site to find grant information. (2) Download a copy of an application
package. (3) Complete the package off-line. (4) Upload and submit the
application via the Grants.gov Web site. (5) If a system problem or technical
difficulty occurs with an electronic application, please use the customer
support resources available at the Grants.gov Web site. (6) Again, RUS
encourages applicants to take early action to complete the sign-up,
credentialing and authorization procedures at Grants.gov before submitting an
application at the Web site. E. Deadlines The deadline for paper and electronic
submissions is February 6, 2017. Paper applications must be postmarked and
mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later than the closing date to be
considered for FY 2017 grant funding. Electronic applications must have an
electronic date and time stamp by midnight of February 6, 2017 to be considered
on time. RUS will not accept applications by fax or email. Applications that do
not meet the criteria above are considered late applications and will not be
considered. RUS will notify each late applicant that its application will not be
considered. F. Funding Restrictions 1. Eligible Grant Purposes: a. Grant funds
must be used to establish and maintain a revolving loan fund to provide loans to
eligible individuals for household water well systems. b. Individuals may use
the loans to construct, refurbish, rehabilitate, or [[Page 88203]] replace
household water well systems up to the point of entry of a home. Point of entry
for the well system is the junction where water enters into a home water
delivery system after being pumped from a well. c. Grant funds may be used to
pay administrative expenses associated with providing HWWS loans. 2. Ineligible
Grant Purposes: a. Administrative expenses incurred in any calendar year that
exceed 10 percent of the household water well loans made during the same period
do not qualify for reimbursement. b. Administrative expenses incurred before RUS
executes a grant agreement with the recipient do not qualify for reimbursement.
c. Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government does not qualify for
reimbursement. d. Grant funds may not be used to provide loans for household
sewer or septic systems. e. Household Water Well loans may not be used to pay
the costs of water well systems for the construction of a new house. f.
Household Water Well loans may not be used to pay the costs of a home plumbing
system. V. Application Review Information A. Criteria This section contains
instructions and guidelines on preparing the project proposal, work plan, and
budget sections of the application. Also, guidelines are provided on the
additional information required for RUS to determine eligibility and financial
feasibility. 1. Project Proposal. The project proposal should outline the
project in sufficient detail to provide a reader with a complete understanding
of the loan program. Explain what will be accomplished by lending funds to
individual well owners. Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed loan program
in meeting the objectives of this grant program. The proposal should include the
following elements: a. Project Summary. Present a brief project overview.
Explain the purpose of the project, how it relates to RUS' purposes, how the
project will be executed, what the project will produce, and who will direct it.
b. Needs Assessment. To show why the project is necessary, clearly identify the
economic, social, financial, or other problems that require solutions.
Demonstrate the well owners' need for financial and technical assistance.
Quantify the number of prospective borrowers or provide statistical or narrative
evidence that a sufficient number of borrowers will exist to justify the grant
award. Describe the service area. Provide information on the household income of
the area and other demographical information. Address community needs. c.
Project Goals and Objectives. Clearly state the project goals. The objectives
should clearly describe the goals and be concrete and specific enough to be
quantitative or observable. They should also be feasible and relate to the
purpose of the grant and loan program. d. Project Narrative. The narrative
should cover in more detail the items briefly described in the Project Summary.
Demonstrate the grant applicant's experience and expertise in promoting the safe
and productive use of individually-owned household water well systems. The
narrative should address the following points: (1) Document the grant
applicant's ability to manage and service a revolving fund. The narrative may
describe the systems that are in place for the full life cycle of a loan from
loan origination through servicing. If a servicing contractor will service the
loan portfolio, the arrangement and services provided must be discussed. (2)
Show evidence of the availability of funds from sources other than the HWWS
grant. Describe the contributions the project will receive from your
organization, state agencies, local government, other federal agencies,
non-government organizations, private industry, and individuals. The
documentation should describe how the contributions will be used to pay your
operational costs and provide financial assistance for projects. (3) Demonstrate
that the organization has secured commitments of significant financial support
from other funding sources. (4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be
assessed. 2. Work Plan. The work plan or scope of work must describe the tasks
and activities that will be accomplished with available resources during the
grant period. It must include who will carry out the activities and services to
be performed and specific timeframes for completion. Describe any unusual or
unique features of the project such as innovations, reductions in cost or time,
or extraordinary community involvement. 3. Budget and Budget Justification. Use
the Form SF-424A, Budget Information--Non-Construction Programs, to show your
budget cost elements. The form summarizes resources as Federal and Non-Federal
funds and costs. ``Federal'' refers only to the HWWS Grant Program for which you
are applying. ``Non-Federal'' refers to resources from your organization, state
agencies, local government, other federal agencies, non-government
organizations, private industry, and individuals. Both Federal and Non-Federal
resources shall be detailed and justified in the budget and narrative
justification. a. Provide a budget with line item detail and detailed
calculations for each budget object class identified in section B of the Budget
Information form (SF-424A). Detailed calculations must include estimation
methods, quantities, unit costs, and other similar quantitative detail
sufficient for the calculation to be duplicated. Also include a breakout by the
funding sources identified in Block 15 of the SF-424. b. Provide a narrative
budget justification that describes how the categorical costs are derived for
all capital and administrative expenditures, the matching contribution, and
other sources of funds necessary to complete the project. Discuss the necessity,
reasonableness, and allocability of the proposed costs. c. If the grant
applicant will use a servicing contractor, the fees may be reimbursed as an
administrative expense as provided in 7 CFR 1776.13. These fees must be
discussed in the budget narrative. If the grant applicant will hire a servicing
contractor, it must demonstrate that all procurement transactions will be
conducted in a manner to provide, to the maximum extent practical, open and free
competition. Recipients must justify any anticipated procurement action that is
expected to be awarded without competition and exceed the simplified acquisition
threshold fixed at 41 U.S.C. 134 (currently set at $100,000). d. The indirect
cost category should be used only when the grant applicant currently has an
indirect cost rate approved by the Department of Agriculture or another
cognizant Federal agency. A grant applicant that will charge indirect costs to
the grant must enclose a copy of the current rate agreement. If the grant
applicant is in the process of initially developing or renegotiating a rate, the
grant applicant shall submit its indirect cost proposal to the cognizant agency
immediately after the applicant is advised that an award will be made. In no
event, shall the indirect cost proposal be submitted later than three months
after the effective date of the award. 4. Evidence of Legal Authority and
Existence. The applicant must provide satisfactory documentation that it is
[[Page 88204]] legally recognized under state or Tribal and Federal law as a
private non-profit organization. The documentation also must show that it has
the authority to enter into a grant agreement with RUS and to perform the
activities proposed under the grant application. Satisfactory documentation
includes, but is not limited to, certificates from the Secretary of State,
copies of state/Tribal statutes or laws establishing your organization, and
copies of your organization's articles of incorporation and bylaws. Letters from
IRS awarding tax- exempt status are not considered adequate evidence. 5. List of
Directors and Officers. The applicant must submit a certified list of directors
and officers with their respective terms. 6. IRS Tax Exempt Status. The
applicant must submit evidence of tax exempt status from the Internal Revenue
Service. 7. Financial Information and Sustainability. The applicant must submit
pro forma balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow statements for the
last three years and projections for three years. Additionally, the most recent
audit of the applicant's organization must be submitted. B. Evaluation Criteria
Grant applications that are complete and eligible will be scored competitively
based on the following scoring criteria:
------------------------------------------------------------------------ Scoring
criteria Points
------------------------------------------------------------------------ Degree
of expertise and experience in Up to 30 points. promoting the safe and
productive use of individually-owned household water well systems and ground
water. Degree of expertise and successful Up to 20 points. experience in making
and servicing loans to individuals. Percentage of applicant contributions.
Points allowed under this paragraph will be based on written evidence of the
availability of funds from sources other than the proceeds of a HWWS grant to
pay part of the cost of a loan recipient's project. In-kind contributions will
not be considered. Funds from other sources as a percentage of the HWWS grant
and points corresponding to such percentages are as follows: 0 to 9
percent......................... Ineligible. 10 to 25
percent....................... 5 points. 26 to 30 percent.......................
10 points. 31 to 50 percent....................... 15 points. 51 percent or
more..................... 20 points. Extent to which the work plan demonstrates
Up to 20 points. a well thought out, comprehensive approach to accomplishing the
objectives of this part, clearly defines who will be served by the project, and
appears likely to be sustainable. Extent to which the goals and objectives Up to
10 points. are clearly defined, tied to the work plan, and measurable. Lowest
ratio of projected administrative Up to 10 points. expenses to loans advanced.
Administrator's discretion, considering such factors as: Creative outreach ideas
for marketing Up to 10 points. HWWS loans to rural residents; factors include:
1. Directs loans to rural areas where according to the American Community Survey
data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living
in poverty. Directs loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets, and
modern sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates
of disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas. 2. Areas impacted by severe drought
------------------------------------------------------------------------ C.
Review Standards 1. Incomplete applications as of the deadline for submission
will not be considered. If an application is determined to be incomplete, the
applicant will be notified in writing and the application will be returned with
no further action. 2. Ineligible applications will be returned to the applicant
with an explanation. 3. Complete, eligible applications will be evaluated
competitively by a review team, composed of at least two RUS employees selected
from the Water Programs Division. They will make overall recommendations based
on the program elements found in 7 CFR part 1776 and the review criteria
presented in this notice. They will award points as described in the scoring
criteria in 7 CFR 1776.9 and this notice. Each application will receive a score
based on the averages of the reviewers' scores and discretionary points awarded
by the RUS Administrator. 4. Applications will be ranked and grants awarded in
rank order until all grant funds are expended. 5. Regardless of the score an
application receives, if RUS determines that the project is technically
infeasible, RUS will notify the applicant, in writing, and the application will
be returned with no further action. VI. Award Administration Information A.
Award Notices RUS will notify a successful applicant by an award letter
accompanied by a grant agreement. The grant agreement will contain the terms and
conditions for the grant. The applicant must execute and return the grant
agreement, accompanied by any additional items required by the award letter or
grant agreement. B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements 1. This
notice, the 7 CFR part 1776, and the application guide implement the appropriate
administrative and national policy requirements. Grant recipients are subject to
the requirements in 7 CFR part 1776. 2. Direct federal grants, sub-award funds,
or contracts under the HWWS Grant Program shall not be used to fund inherently
religious activities, such as worship, religious instruction, or
proselytization. Therefore, organizations that receive direct assistance should
take steps to separate, in time or location, their inherently religious
activities from the services funded under the HWWS Grant Program. Regulations
for the Equal Treatment for Faith-based Organizations are contained in 7 CFR
part 16, which includes the prohibition against federal funding of inherently
religious activities. C. Reporting 1. Performance Reporting. All recipients of
HWWS Grant Program financial assistance must provide quarterly performance
activity reports to RUS until the project is complete and the funds are
expended. A final [[Page 88205]] performance report is also required. The final
report may serve as the last annual report. The final report must include an
evaluation of the success of the project. 2. Financial Reporting. All recipients
of HWWS Grant Program financial assistance must provide an annual audit,
beginning with the first year a portion of the financial assistance is expended.
The Non- Federal Entity (formerly called Grantee) will provide an audit report
or financial statements as follows: a. Non-Federal Entities expending $500,000
or more Federal funds per fiscal year will submit an audit conducted in
accordance with 2 CFR part 200 or successor guidance. The audit will be
submitted within nine months after the Non-Federal Entity's fiscal year.
Additional audits may be required if the project period covers more than one
fiscal year. b. Non-Federal Entities expending less than $500,000 will provide
annual financial statements covering the grant period, consisting of the
organization's statement of income and expense and balance sheet signed by an
appropriate official of the organization. Financial statements will be submitted
within 90 days after the Non-Federal Entity's fiscal year. 3. Recipient and
Subrecipient Reporting. The applicant must have the necessary processes and
systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements for first-tier
sub-awards and executive compensation under the Federal Funding Accountability
and Transparency Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives funding unless
such applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements pursuant to 2 CFR
170.110(b). The reporting requirements under the Transparency Act pursuant to 2
CFR part 170 are as follows: a. First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in
non-Recovery Act funds (unless they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be
reported by the Recipient to http://www.fsrs.gov/ no later than the end of the
month following the month the obligation was made. b. The Total Compensation of
the Recipient's Executives (five most highly compensated executives) must be
reported by the Recipient (if the Recipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part
170) to https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ by the end of the month following
the month in which the award was made. c. The Total Compensation of the
Subrecipient's Executives (5 most highly compensated executives) must be
reported by the Subrecipient (if the Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR
part 170) to the Recipient by the end of the month following the month in which
the subaward was made. VII. Agency Contacts A. Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/household-water-well-system-grants B.
Phone: 202-720-9640. C. Fax: 202-690-0649. D. Email: derek.jones@wdc.usda.gov E.
Main point of contact: Derek Jones, Community Programs Specialist, Water
Programs Division, Water and Environmental Programs, RUS, Rural Development,
U.S. Department of Agriculture. VIII. USDA Non-Discrimination Statement In
accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices,
and employees, and institutions participating in or administering USDA programs
are prohibited from discriminating based on race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity (including gender expression), sexual
orientation, disability, age, marital status, family/parental status, income
derived from a public assistance program, political beliefs, or reprisal or
retaliation for prior civil rights activity, in any program or activity
conducted or funded by USDA (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and
complaint filing deadlines vary by program or incident. Persons with
disabilities who require alternative means of communication for program
information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, American Sign Language,
etc.) should contact the responsible Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at (202)
720-2600 (voice and TTY) or contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at
(800) 877-8339. Additionally, program information may be made available in
languages other than English. To file a program discrimination complaint,
complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online
at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or
write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the
information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint form, call
(866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA by: (1) By mail:
U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil
Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410; (2) Fax: (202)
690-7442; or (3) Email: program.intake@usda.gov USDA is an equal opportunity
provider, employer, and lender. Dated: November 7, 2016. Brandon McBride,
Administrator, Rural Utilities Service. [FR Doc. 2016-29336 Filed 12-6-16; 8:45
am] BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 7, 2016 Wednesday

Grant Application Deadlines and Funding Levels;

LENGTH: 6954  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Utilities Service
(RUS)



  Action



 Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA), Household Water Well System
Grant Program.

 Summary



 The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Household Water Well System
(HWWS) Grant Program application window for fiscal year (FY) 2017. RUS will make
grants to qualified private non-profit organizations to establish lending
programs for homeowners to borrow up to $11,000 to construct or repair household
water wells for an existing home. The HWWS Grant Program is authorized under 7
U.S.C. 1926e. Regulations may be found at 7 CFR part 1776.





 This year RUS will assign administrative discretion points to applications
that:



 1. Direct loans to rural areas where according to the American Community Survey
data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living
in poverty.



 2. Direct loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets, and modern
sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of
disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas.



 3. Direct loans to rural areas impacted by severe drought.

 Dates



 The deadline for completed applications for a HWWS grant is February 6, 2017.
Applications in either paper or electronic format must be postmarked or
time-stamped electronically on or before the deadline. Late applications will be
ineligible for grant consideration.

 Addresses



 Submit applications to the following addresses:



 1. Electronic applications: http://www.grants.gov/. Submit electronic
applications through Grants.gov, following the instructions on that Web site.



 2. Paper applications: Water Programs Division, Rural Development, Rural
Utilities Service, STOP: 1570, Room 2234-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-1570.



 Obtain application guides and materials for the HWWS Grant Program
electronically or in paper format from the following addresses:



 1. Electronic copies: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/household-water
-well-system-grants;



 2. Paper copies: Water Programs Division, Rural Utilities Service, STOP: 1570,
Room 2234-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570 or call
(202) 720-9583.

 For Further Information Contact



 Derek Jones, Community Programs Specialist, Water and Environmental Programs,
Rural Utilities Service, Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture, STOP
1570, Room 2234-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570;.
Telephone: (202) 720-9640, fax: (202) 690-0649, email: derek.jones@wdc.usda.gov

 Supplementary Information

 Overview



 Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service, USDA.



 Funding Opportunity Title: HWWS Grant Program.



 Announcement Type: Grant --Solicitation of Applications.



 Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.862.



 Due Date for Applications: February 6, 2017.

 Items in Supplementary Information



 I. Funding Opportunity: Description of the HWWS Grant Program.



 II. Award Information: To be determined.



 III. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of projects are
eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.



 IV. Application and Submission Information: Where to get application materials,
what constitutes a completed application, how and where to submit applications,
deadlines, items that are eligible.



 V. Application Review Information: Considerations and preferences, scoring
criteria, review standards, selection information.



 VI. Award Administration Information: Award notice information, award recipient
reporting requirements.



 VII. Agency Contacts: Web site, phone, fax, email, contact name.



 VIII. Non-discrimination Statement: USDA non-discrimination statement, how to
file a complaint, persons with disabilities.

 I. Funding Opportunity

 A. Program Description



 The HWWS Grant Program has been established to help individuals with low to
moderate incomes finance the costs of household water wells that they own or
will own. The HWWS Grant Program is authorized under Section 306E of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT), 7 U.S.C. 1926e. The CONACT
authorizes RUS to make grants to qualified private non-profit organizations to
establish lending programs for household water wells.



 As the grant recipients, private non-profit organizations will receive HWWS
grants to establish lending programs that will provide water well loans to
individuals. The individuals, as loan recipients, may use the loans to
construct, refurbish, and service their household well systems. A loan may not
exceed $11,000 and will have a term up to 20 years at a one percent annual
interest rate.

 B. Background



 RUS supports the sound development of rural communities and the growth of our
economy without endangering the environment. RUS provides financial and
technical assistance to help communities bring safe drinking water and sanitary,
environmentally sound waste disposal facilities to Rural Americans in greatest
need.



 Central water systems may not be the only or best solution to drinking water
problems. Distance or physical barriers make public central water systems costly
to deploy in remote areas. A significant number of geographically isolated
households without water service might require individual wells rather than
connections to new or existing community systems. The goal of RUS is not only to
make funds available to those communities most in need of potable water but also
to ensure that facilities used to deliver drinking water are safe and
affordable. There is a role for private wells in reaching this goal.

 C. Purpose



 The purpose of the HWWS Grant Program is to provide funds to private non-profit
organizations to assist them in establishing loan programs from which
individuals may borrow money for HWWS. Faith-based organizations are eligible
and encouraged to apply for this program. Applicants must show that the project
will provide technical and financial assistance to eligible individuals to
remedy household well problems.



 Due to the limited amount of funds available typically available under the HWWS
Grant Program, the RUS anticipates that 10 applications may be funded from FY
2017 funds. Applications from existing HWWS grant recipients are acceptable and
will be evaluated as new applications.

 II. Award Information



 Funding Instrument Type: Grant.



 Available Funds: To be announced.



 Anticipated Number of Awards: 10.



 Length of Project Periods: 12-month project.



 Assistance Instrument: Grant Agreement with successful applicants before any
grant funds are disbursed.

 III. Eligibility Information

 A. Who is eligible for grants?



 1. An organization is eligible to receive a HWWS grant if it:



 a. Has an active registration with current information in the System for Award
Management (SAM) and has a Dun and Bradstreet (D&B) Data Universal Numbering
System (DUNS) number.



 b. Is a private, non-profit organization.



 c. Is legally established and located within one of the following:



 (1) A state within the United States



 (2) The District of Columbia



 (3) The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico



 (4) A United States territory.



 d. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant purpose.



 e. Has sufficient expertise and experience in lending activities.



 f. Has sufficient expertise and experience in promoting the safe and productive
use of individually-owned HWWS and ground water.



 g. Has no delinquent debt to the federal government or no outstanding judgments
to repay a federal debt.



 h. Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and managerial
capability to comply with federal and State laws and requirements, and



 i. Is not a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had an officer
or agent acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a felony) within the
past 24 months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid federal tax liability that
has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been
exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant
to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability
is not eligible.



 2. An individual is ineligible to receive a HWWS grant. An individual may
receive a loan from an organization receiving a grant award.

 B. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?



 1. Project Eligibility. To be eligible for a grant, the project must:



 a. Be a revolving loan fund created to provide loans to eligible individuals to
construct, refurbish, and service individually-owned HWWS (see 7 CFR 1776.11 and
1776.12). Loans may not be provided for home sewer or septic system projects.



 b. Be established and maintained by a private, non-profit organization.



 c. Be located in a rural area. Rural area is defined as locations other than
cities or towns of more than 50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent
urbanized area of such towns and cities.



 2. Required Matching Contributions. Grant applicants must provide written
evidence of a matching contribution of at least 10 percent from sources other
than the proceeds of a HWWS grant. In-kind contributions will not be considered
for the matching requirement. Please see 7 CFR 1776.9 for the requirement.



 3. Other--Requirements.



 a. DUNS Number. The applicant for a grant must supply a DUNS number as part of
an application. The Standard Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS
number. The applicant can obtain the DUNS number free of charge by calling Dun
and Bradstreet. Please see http://fedgov.dnb.com /webform for more information
on how to obtain a DUNS number or how to verify your organization's number.



 b. Prior to submitting an application, the applicant must register in System
for Award Management (SAM).



 (1) Applicants may register for SAM at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.



 (2) The SAM registration must remain active with current information at all
times while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal grant award or
loan is active. To maintain the registration in the SAM database the applicant
must review and update the information in the SAM database annually from date of
initial registration or from the date of the last update. The applicant must
ensure that the information in the database is current, accurate, and complete.



 c. Eligibility to receive a HWWS loan will be based on the following criteria:



 (1) An individual must be a member of a household of which the combined
household income of all members does not exceed 100 percent of the median
non-metropolitan household income for the State or territory in which the
individual resides. Household income is the total income from all sources
received by each adult household member for the most recent 12-month period for
which the information is available. It does not include income earned or
received by dependent children under 18 years old or other benefits that are
excluded by federal law. The non-metropolitan household income must be based on
the 5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed,
other data from the United States Bureau of the Census.



 RUS publishes a list of income exclusions in 7 CFR 3550.54(b). Also, the
Department of Housing and Urban Development published a list of income
exclusions in the Federal Register on May 20, 2014, at 79 FR 28938 (see
"Federally Mandated Exclusions").



 (2) The loan recipient must own and occupy the home being improved with the
proceeds of the Household Water Well loan or be purchasing the home to occupy
under a legally enforceable land purchase contract which is not in default by
either the seller or the purchaser.



 (3) The home being improved with the water well system must be located in a
rural area.



 (4) The loan for a water well system must not be associated with the
construction of a new dwelling.



 (5) The loan must not be used to substitute a water well system for water
service available from collective water systems. (For example, a loan may not be
used to restore an old well abandoned when a dwelling was connected to a water
district's water line.)



 (6) The loan recipient must not be suspended or debarred from participation in
Federal programs.

 IV. Application and Submission Information

 A. Where To Get Application Information



 The HWWS Grant Application Guide (Application Guide), copies of necessary forms
and samples, and the HWWS Grant Program regulation are available from these
sources:



 1. Internet for electronic copies: http://www.grants.gov/ or
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/household-water-well-system-grants;



 2. Water and Environmental Programs for paper copies: RUS, Water Programs
Division, STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC
20250-1570, Telephone: (202) 720-9589, Fax: (202) 690-0649.

 B. Content and Form of Application Submission



 1. Rules and Guidelines:



 a. Detailed information on each item required can be found in the HWWS Grant
Program regulation (7 CFR part 1776) and the Application Guide. Applicants are
strongly encouraged to read and apply both the regulation and the Application
Guide. This Notice does not change the requirements for a completed application
for any form of HWWS financial assistance specified in the regulation. The
regulation and Application Guide provide specific guidance on each of the items
listed.



 b. Applications should be prepared in conformance with the provisions in 7 CFR
part 1776, subpart B, and departmental and other applicable regulations
including 2 CFR parts 180, 182, 200, 400, and 421, or any successor regulations.
Applicants should use the Application Guide which contains instructions and
other important information in preparing their application. Completed
applications must include the items found in the checklist in the next
paragraph.



 2. Checklist of Items in Completed Application Packages:



 a. DUNS Number. The applicant for a grant must supply a Dunn and Bradstreet
Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The
Standard Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The applicant
can obtain the DUNS number free of charge by calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please
see http://fedgov.dnb.com /webform for more information on how to obtain a DUNS
number or how to verify your organization's number.



 b. Prior to submitting an application, the applicant must register in the
System for Award Management (SAM).



 (1) Applicants may register for the SAM at:
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.



 (2) The SAM registration must remain active with current information at all
times while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal Grant Award or
loan is active. To maintain the registration in the SAM database the applicant
must review and update the information in the SAM database annually from date of
initial registration or from the date of the last update. The applicant must
ensure that the information in the database is current, accurate, and complete.



 (3) Your organization must be listed in the SAM. If you have not used Grants.
gov before, you will need to register with the SAM and the Credential Provider.
New registrations can take three to five business days to process. Updating or
renewing an active registration has a shorter turnaround, 24 hours.
Registrations in SAM are active for one year. The SAM registers your
organization, housing your organizational information and allowing Grants.gov to
use the information to verify your identity. The DUNS number, Taxpayer
Identification Number (TIN), and name and address of the applicant organization
must match SAM data files.



 c. The electronic and paper application process requires forms with the
prefixes RD and SF as well as supporting documents and certifications.

 Application Items



 (1) SF-424, "Application for Federal Assistance".



 (2) SF-424A, "Budget Information--Non-Construction Programs".



 (3) SF-424B, "Assurances--Non-Construction Programs".



 (4) SF-LLL, "Disclosure of Lobbying Activity".



 (5) Form RD 400-1, "Equal Opportunity Agreement".



 (6) Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil Rights Act of
1964).



 (7) Project Proposal, Project Summary, Needs Assessment, Project Goals and
Objectives, Project Narrative.



 (8) Work Plan.



 (9) Budget and Budget Justification.



 (10) Evidence of Legal Authority and Existence.



 (11) Documentation of private non-profit status and Internal Revenue Service
(IRS) Tax Exempt Status.



 (12) List of Directors and Officers.



 (13) Financial information and sustainability (narrative).



 (14) Assurances and certifications of compliance with other Federal Statutes.



 The forms in items 1 through 6 must be completed and signed where appropriate
by an official of your organization who has authority to obligate the
organization legally. RD forms are used by programs under the RD mission area.
Standard forms (SF) are used government-wide. In addition to the sources listed
in section A, the forms may be accessed electronically through the RD Web site
at http://www.rd.usda.gov/publications.



 See section V, "Application Review Information," for instructions and
guidelines on preparing Items 7 through 13.



 3. Compliance with Other Federal Statutes. The applicant must provide evidence
of compliance with other Federal statutes and regulations, including, but not
limited to the following:



 a. 7 CFR part 15, subpart A--Nondiscrimination in Federally Assisted Programs
of the Department of Agriculture--Effectuation of Title VI of the Civil Rights
Act of 1964.



 b. 2 CFR part 417--Governmentwide Debarment and Suspension (Nonprocurement), or
any successor regulations.



 c. 7 CFR part 3052--Audits of States, Local Governments, and Non-profit
Organizations, or any successor regulations.



 d. Subpart B of 2 CFR part 421, which adopts the Governmentwide implementation
(2 CFR part 182) of the Drug-Free Workplace Act.



 e. Executive Order 13166, "Improving Access to Services for Persons with
Limited English Proficiency." For information on limited English proficiency and
agency-specific guidance go to http://www.lep.gov/.



 f. Federal Obligation Certification on Delinquent Debt.

 C. How many copies of an application are required?



 1. Applications Submitted on Paper. Submit one signed original and two
additional copies. The original and each of the two copies must include all
required forms, certifications, assurances, and appendices, be signed by an
authorized representative, and have original signatures. Do not include
organizational brochures or promotional materials.



 2. Applications Submitted Electronically. Additional paper copies are
unnecessary if the application is submitted electronically through http://www.
grants.gov/.

 D. How and Where To Submit an Application



 1. Submitting Paper Applications:



 a. For paper applications, mail or ensure delivery of an original paper
application (no stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures) and two copies by
the deadline date to:



 Rural Development, Rural Utility Service, Water Programs Division, STOP 1570,
Room 2234-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570, Telephone:
(202) 720-9583.



 Submit paper applications marked "Attention: Water and Environmental Programs."




 b. Applications must show proof of mailing or shipping by one of the following:




 (1) A legibly dated U.S. Postal Service (USPS) postmark;



 (2) A legible mail receipt with the date of mailing stamped by the USPS; or,



 (3) A dated shipping label, invoice, or receipt from a commercial carrier.



 c. If a deadline date falls on a weekend, it will be extended to the following
Monday. If the date falls on a federal holiday, it will be extended to the next
business day.



 d. Due to screening procedures at the Department of Agriculture, packages
arriving via the USPS are irradiated, which can damage the contents and delay
delivery. RUS encourages applicants to consider the impact of this procedure in
selecting an application delivery method.



 2. Submitting Electronic Applications:



 a. Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail.



 b. Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if submitted through
Grants.gov at http://www.grants.gov/.



 c. Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to use the
electronic applications option. Application information may be downloaded from
Grants.gov without preregistration.



 d. Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their electronic
applications before the deadline.



 e. Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required passwords,
credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at Grants.gov for
registering and submitting an electronic application.



 f. Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number and an active
registration in SAM. See the "Checklist of Items in Completed Application
Packages" for instructions on obtaining a DUNS number and registering in the
SAM.



 g. You must be registered with Grants.gov before you can submit an electronic
grant application.



 (1) You must register at Grants.gov: http://www.grants.
gov/applicants/get_registered.jsp.



 (2) Organization registration user guides and checklists are also available at
Grants.gov.



 (3) Grants.gov requires some credentialing and online authentication
procedures. When an applicant organization is registered with SAM, the
organization designates a point of contact who receives a password authorizing
the person to designate staff members who are allowed to submit applications
electronically through Grants.gov. These authorized organization representatives
must be registered with Grants.gov to receive a username and password to submit
applications. These procedures may take several business days to complete.



 (4) Some or all of the SAM and Grants.gov registration, credentialing and
authorizations require updates. If you have previously registered at Grants.gov
to submit applications electronically, please ensure that your registration,
credentialing and authorizations are up to date well in advance of the grant
application deadline.



 h. To use Grants.gov:



 (1) Follow the instructions on the Web site to find grant information.



 (2) Download a copy of an application package.



 (3) Complete the package off-line.



 (4) Upload and submit the application via the Grants.gov Web site.



 (5) If a system problem or technical difficulty occurs with an electronic
application, please use the customer support resources available at the Grants.
gov Web site.



 (6) Again, RUS encourages applicants to take early action to complete the
sign-up, credentialing and authorization procedures at Grants.gov before
submitting an application at the Web site.

 E. Deadlines



 The deadline for paper and electronic submissions is February 6, 2017. Paper
applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later
than the closing date to be considered for FY 2017 grant funding. Electronic
applications must have an electronic date and time stamp by midnight of February
6, 2017 to be considered on time. RUS will not accept applications by fax or
email. Applications that do not meet the criteria above are considered late
applications and will not be considered. RUS will notify each late applicant
that its application will not be considered.

 F. Funding Restrictions



 1. Eligible Grant Purposes:



 a. Grant funds must be used to establish and maintain a revolving loan fund to
provide loans to eligible individuals for household water well systems.



 b. Individuals may use the loans to construct, refurbish, rehabilitate, or
replace household water well systems up to the point of entry of a home. Point
of entry for the well system is the junction where water enters into a home
water delivery system after being pumped from a well.



 c. Grant funds may be used to pay administrative expenses associated with
providing HWWS loans.



 2. Ineligible Grant Purposes:



 a. Administrative expenses incurred in any calendar year that exceed 10 percent
of the household water well loans made during the same period do not qualify for
reimbursement.



 b. Administrative expenses incurred before RUS executes a grant agreement with
the recipient do not qualify for reimbursement.



 c. Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government does not qualify for
reimbursement.



 d. Grant funds may not be used to provide loans for household sewer or septic
systems.



 e. Household Water Well loans may not be used to pay the costs of water well
systems for the construction of a new house.



 f. Household Water Well loans may not be used to pay the costs of a home
plumbing system.

 V. Application Review Information

 A. Criteria



 This section contains instructions and guidelines on preparing the project
proposal, work plan, and budget sections of the application. Also, guidelines
are provided on the additional information required for RUS to determine
eligibility and financial feasibility.



 1. Project Proposal. The project proposal should outline the project in
sufficient detail to provide a reader with a complete understanding of the loan
program. Explain what will be accomplished by lending funds to individual well
owners. Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed loan program in meeting the
objectives of this grant program. The proposal should include the following
elements:



 a. Project Summary. Present a brief project overview. Explain the purpose of
the project, how it relates to RUS' purposes, how the project will be executed,
what the project will produce, and who will direct it.



 b. Needs Assessment. To show why the project is necessary, clearly identify the
economic, social, financial, or other problems that require solutions.
Demonstrate the well owners' need for financial and technical assistance.
Quantify the number of prospective borrowers or provide statistical or narrative
evidence that a sufficient number of borrowers will exist to justify the grant
award. Describe the service area. Provide information on the household income of
the area and other demographical information. Address community needs.



 c. Project Goals and Objectives. Clearly state the project goals. The
objectives should clearly describe the goals and be concrete and specific enough
to be quantitative or observable. They should also be feasible and relate to the
purpose of the grant and loan program.



 d. Project Narrative. The narrative should cover in more detail the items
briefly described in the Project Summary. Demonstrate the grant applicant's
experience and expertise in promoting the safe and productive use of
individually-owned household water well systems. The narrative should address
the following points:



 (1) Document the grant applicant's ability to manage and service a revolving
fund. The narrative may describe the systems that are in place for the full life
cycle of a loan from loan origination through servicing. If a servicing
contractor will service the loan portfolio, the arrangement and services
provided must be discussed.



 (2) Show evidence of the availability of funds from sources other than the HWWS
grant. Describe the contributions the project will receive from your
organization, state agencies, local government, other federal agencies,
non-government organizations, private industry, and individuals. The
documentation should describe how the contributions will be used to pay your
operational costs and provide financial assistance for projects.



 (3) Demonstrate that the organization has secured commitments of significant
financial support from other funding sources.



 (4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be assessed.



 2. Work Plan. The work plan or scope of work must describe the tasks and
activities that will be accomplished with available resources during the grant
period. It must include who will carry out the activities and services to be
performed and specific timeframes for completion. Describe any unusual or unique
features of the project such as innovations, reductions in cost or time, or
extraordinary community involvement.



 3. Budget and Budget Justification. Use the Form SF-424A, Budget
Information--Non-Construction Programs, to show your budget cost elements. The
form summarizes resources as Federal and Non-Federal funds and costs. "Federal"
refers only to the HWWS Grant Program for which you are applying. "Non-Federal"
refers to resources from your organization, state agencies, local government,
other federal agencies, non-government organizations, private industry, and
individuals. Both Federal and Non-Federal resources shall be detailed and
justified in the budget and narrative justification.



 a. Provide a budget with line item detail and detailed calculations for each
budget object class identified in section B of the Budget Information form
(SF-424A). Detailed calculations must include estimation methods, quantities,
unit costs, and other similar quantitative detail sufficient for the calculation
to be duplicated. Also include a breakout by the funding sources identified in
Block 15 of the SF-424.



 b. Provide a narrative budget justification that describes how the categorical
costs are derived for all capital and administrative expenditures, the matching
contribution, and other sources of funds necessary to complete the project.
Discuss the necessity, reasonableness, and allocability of the proposed costs.



 c. If the grant applicant will use a servicing contractor, the fees may be
reimbursed as an administrative expense as provided in 7 CFR 1776.13. These fees
must be discussed in the budget narrative. If the grant applicant will hire a
servicing contractor, it must demonstrate that all procurement transactions will
be conducted in a manner to provide, to the maximum extent practical, open and
free competition. Recipients must justify any anticipated procurement action
that is expected to be awarded without competition and exceed the simplified
acquisition threshold fixed at 41 U.S.C. 134 (currently set at $100,000).



 d. The indirect cost category should be used only when the grant applicant
currently has an indirect cost rate approved by the Department of Agriculture or
another cognizant Federal agency. A grant applicant that will charge indirect
costs to the grant must enclose a copy of the current rate agreement. If the
grant applicant is in the process of initially developing or renegotiating a
rate, the grant applicant shall submit its indirect cost proposal to the
cognizant agency immediately after the applicant is advised that an award will
be made. In no event, shall the indirect cost proposal be submitted later than
three months after the effective date of the award.



 4. Evidence of Legal Authority and Existence. The applicant must provide
satisfactory documentation that it is legally recognized under state or Tribal
and Federal law as a private non-profit organization. The documentation also
must show that it has the authority to enter into a grant agreement with RUS and
to perform the activities proposed under the grant application. Satisfactory
documentation includes, but is not limited to, certificates from the Secretary
of State, copies of state/Tribal statutes or laws establishing your
organization, and copies of your organization's articles of incorporation and
bylaws. Letters from IRS awarding tax-exempt status are not considered adequate
evidence.



 5. List of Directors and Officers. The applicant must submit a certified list
of directors and officers with their respective terms.



 6. IRS Tax Exempt Status. The applicant must submit evidence of tax exempt
status from the Internal Revenue Service.



 7. Financial Information and Sustainability. The applicant must submit pro
forma balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow statements for the last
three years and projections for three years. Additionally, the most recent audit
of the applicant's organization must be submitted.

 B. Evaluation Criteria



 Grant applications that are complete and eligible will be scored competitively
based on the following scoring criteria:

 &emsp; Scoring criteria    Points

 Degree of expertise and experience in promoting the safe and productive use of
individually-owned household water well systems and ground water    Up to 30
points.

 Degree of expertise and successful experience in making and servicing loans to
individuals    Up to 20 points.

 Percentage of applicant contributions. Points allowed under this paragraph will
be based on written evidence of the availability of funds from sources other
than the proceeds of a HWWS grant to pay part of the cost of a loan recipient's
project. In-kind contributions will not be considered. Funds from other sources
as a percentage of the HWWS grant and points corresponding to such percentages
are as follows:

 0 to 9 percent    Ineligible.

 10 to 25 percent    5 points.

 26 to 30 percent    10 points.

 31 to 50 percent    15 points.

 51 percent or more    20 points.

 Extent to which the work plan demonstrates a well thought out, comprehensive
approach to accomplishing the objectives of this part, clearly defines who will
be served by the project, and appears likely to be sustainable    Up to 20
points.

 Extent to which the goals and objectives are clearly defined, tied to the work
plan, and measurable    Up to 10 points.

 Lowest ratio of projected administrative expenses to loans advanced    Up to 10
points.

 Administrator's discretion, considering such factors as:

 Creative outreach ideas for marketing HWWS loans to rural residents; factors
include:    Up to 10 points.

 1. Directs loans to rural areas where according to the American Community
Survey data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is
living in poverty. Directs loans to areas which lack running water, flush
toilets, and modern sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers
and high rates of disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or
Substantially Underserved Trust Areas.

 2. Areas impacted by severe drought

 C. Review Standards



 1. Incomplete applications as of the deadline for submission will not be
considered. If an application is determined to be incomplete, the applicant will
be notified in writing and the application will be returned with no further
action.



 2. Ineligible applications will be returned to the applicant with an
explanation.



 3. Complete, eligible applications will be evaluated competitively by a review
team, composed of at least two RUS employees selected from the Water Programs
Division. They will make overall recommendations based on the program elements
found in 7 CFR part 1776 and the review criteria presented in this notice. They
will award points as described in the scoring criteria in 7 CFR 1776.9 and this
notice. Each application will receive a score based on the averages of the
reviewers' scores and discretionary points awarded by the RUS Administrator.



 4. Applications will be ranked and grants awarded in rank order until all grant
funds are expended.



 5. Regardless of the score an application receives, if RUS determines that the
project is technically infeasible, RUS will notify the applicant, in writing,
and the application will be returned with no further action.

 VI. Award Administration Information

 A. Award Notices



 RUS will notify a successful applicant by an award letter accompanied by a
grant agreement. The grant agreement will contain the terms and conditions for
the grant. The applicant must execute and return the grant agreement,
accompanied by any additional items required by the award letter or grant
agreement.

 B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements



 1. This notice, the 7 CFR part 1776, and the application guide implement the
appropriate administrative and national policy requirements. Grant recipients
are subject to the requirements in 7 CFR part 1776.



 2. Direct federal grants, sub-award funds, or contracts under the HWWS Grant
Program shall not be used to fund inherently religious activities, such as
worship, religious instruction, or proselytization. Therefore, organizations
that receive direct assistance should take steps to separate, in time or
location, their inherently religious activities from the services funded under
the HWWS Grant Program. Regulations for the Equal Treatment for Faith-based
Organizations are contained in 7 CFR part 16, which includes the prohibition
against federal funding of inherently religious activities.

 C. Reporting



 1. Performance Reporting. All recipients of HWWS Grant Program financial
assistance must provide quarterly performance activity reports to RUS until the
project is complete and the funds are expended. A final performance report is
also required. The final report may serve as the last annual report. The final
report must include an evaluation of the success of the project.



 2. Financial Reporting. All recipients of HWWS Grant Program financial
assistance must provide an annual audit, beginning with the first year a portion
of the financial assistance is expended. The Non-Federal Entity (formerly called
Grantee) will provide an audit report or financial statements as follows:



 a. Non-Federal Entities expending $500,000 or more Federal funds per fiscal
year will submit an audit conducted in accordance with 2 CFR part 200 or
successor guidance. The audit will be submitted within nine months after the
Non-Federal Entity's fiscal year. Additional audits may be required if the
project period covers more than one fiscal year.



 b. Non-Federal Entities expending less than $500,000 will provide annual
financial statements covering the grant period, consisting of the organization's
statement of income and expense and balance sheet signed by an appropriate
official of the organization. Financial statements will be submitted within 90
days after the Non-Federal Entity's fiscal year.



 3. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting. The applicant must have the necessary
processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements for
first-tier sub-awards and executive compensation under the Federal Funding
Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives
funding unless such applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements
pursuant to 2 CFR 170.110(b). The reporting requirements under the Transparency
Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are as follows:



 a. First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act funds (unless
they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to
http://www.fsrs.gov/ no later than the end of the month following the month the
obligation was made.



 b. The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (five most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if the Recipient
meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ by the end of the month following the
month in which the award was made.



 c. The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Subrecipient (if the
Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to the Recipient by the
end of the month following the month in which the subaward was made.

 VII. Agency Contacts



 A. Web site: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/household-water-well-
system-grants



 B. Phone: 202-720-9640.



 C. Fax: 202-690-0649.



 D. Email: derek.jones@wdc.usda.gov



 E. Main point of contact: Derek Jones, Community Programs Specialist, Water
Programs Division, Water and Environmental Programs, RUS, Rural Development,
U.S. Department of Agriculture.

 VIII. USDA Non-Discrimination Statement



 In accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices,
and employees, and institutions participating in or administering USDA programs
are prohibited from discriminating based on race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity (including gender expression), sexual
orientation, disability, age, marital status, family/parental status, income
derived from a public assistance program, political beliefs, or reprisal or
retaliation for prior civil rights activity, in any program or activity
conducted or funded by USDA (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and
complaint filing deadlines vary by program or incident.



 Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of communication for
program information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, American Sign
Language, etc.) should contact the responsible Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service
at (800) 877-8339. Additionally, program information may be made available in
languages other than English.



 To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA Program
Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or
write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the
information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint form, call
(866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA by:



 (1) By mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant Secretary
for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410;



 (2) Fax: (202) 690-7442; or



 (3) Email: program.intake@usda.gov



 USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.

 Dated: November 7, 2016.

 Brandon McBride,

 Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-29336 Filed 12-6-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             May 21, 2009 Thursday

Grants available for rural water systems

BYLINE: The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 127 words


Grants are available to nonprofit organizations assisting rural homeowners
construct or upgrade household water well systems.

The funding is through the USDA Rural Development's Household Water Well System
grant program. Loans may not exceed $11,000 and will carry a term up to 20 years
at a 1 percent annual interest rate, officials said.

The agency plans to award up to $993,000 in grants. Nonprofit groups must
contribute at least 10 percent of the grant request. Individuals are not
eligible for grants but may be eligible for loans if their annual household
income does not exceed 100 percent of their state median non-metropolitan
income.

For information on rural programs, call the Utah Rural Development office at
801-524-4303 or visit www.rurdev.usda.gov/ut .



LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 10, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: Household Water Well System Grant Program Announcement of
Application Deadlines and Funding

LENGTH: 7292  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Register has published the following document:

[Federal Register Volume 80, Number 27 (Tuesday, February 10, 2015)]
[Notices]
[Pages 7404-7411]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2015-02680]


-----------------------------------------------------------------------

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Rural Utilities Service


Household Water Well System Grant Program Announcement of
Application Deadlines and Funding

AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA.

ACTION: Notice of solicitation of applications (NOSA).

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Household
Water Well System Grant Program (HWWS) application window for Fiscal
Year (FY) 2015. RUS will make grants to qualified private non-profit
organizations to establish lending programs for homeowners to borrow up
to $11,000 to construct or repair household water wells for an existing
home. The HWWS Grant Program is authorized under 7 U.S.C. 1926e.
Regulations may be found at 7 CFR part 1776. Of particular note this
year, the RUS will assign administrative discretion points to
applications that:
 1. Direct loans to rural areas where according to the American
Community Survey data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of
the population is living in poverty. This emphasis will support Rural
Development's goal of providing 20 percent of its funding by 2016 to
these areas of need.
 2. Direct loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets,
and modern sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers
and high rates of disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular,
colonias or Substantially Underserved Trust Areas.
 3. Direct loans to areas stricken by drought.
 RUS will publish on its Web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm the amount of funding
received in the final
FY2015 Appropriations Act. Successful applications will be selected by
the Agency for funding and subsequently awarded to the extent that
funding may ultimately be made available to the Agency through
appropriations.

DATES: The deadline for completed applications for a HWWS grant is
April 13, 2015. Applications in either paper or electronic format must
be postmarked or time-stamped electronically on or before

[[Page 7405]]

the deadline. Late applications will be ineligible for grant
consideration.

ADDRESSES: Submit applications to the following addresses:
 1. Electronic applications: http://www.grants.gov (Grants.gov).
Submit electronic applications through Grants.gov, following the
instructions on that Web site.
 2. Paper applications: Water Programs Division, Rural Utilities
Service, STOP: 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-1570.
 Obtain application guides and materials for the HWWS Grant Program
electronically or in paper format from the following addresses:
 1. Electronic copies: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm.

 2. Paper copies: Write Water Programs Division, Rural Utilities
Service, STOP: 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-1570 or call (202) 720-9589.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs
Specialist, Water Programs Division, Water and Environmental Programs.
Telephone: (202) 720-9589, fax: (202) 690-0649, email:
JoyceM.Taylor@wdc.usda.gov

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

Overview

Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service.
 Funding Opportunity Title: HWWS Grant Program.
 Announcement Type: Solicitation of Applications.
 Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.862.
 Due Date for Applications: April 13, 2015.

Items in Supplementary Information

I. Funding Opportunity: Description of the HWWS Grant Program.
II. Award Information: To be determined.
III. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of
projects are eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.
IV. Application and Submission Information: Where to get application
materials, what constitutes a completed application, how and where
to submit applications, deadlines, items that are eligible.
V. Application Review Information: Considerations and preferences,
scoring criteria, review standards, selection information.
VI. Award Administration Information: Award notice information,
award recipient reporting requirements.
VII. Agency Contacts: Web, phone, fax, email, contact name.
VIII. Non-discrimination Statement: USDA non-discrimination
statement, how to file a complaint, persons with disabilities.

I. Funding Opportunity

A. Program Description

The HWWS Grant Program has been established to help individuals
with low to moderate incomes finance the costs of household water wells
that they own or will own. The HWWS Grant Program is authorized under
Section 306E of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act
(CONACT), 7 U.S.C. 1926e. The CONACT authorizes the RUS to make grants
to qualified private non-profit organizations to establish lending
programs for household water wells.
 As the grant recipients, private non-profit organizations will
receive HWWS grants to establish lending programs that will provide
water well loans to individuals. The individuals, as loan recipients,
may use the loans to construct, refurbish, and service their household
well systems. A loan may not exceed $11,000 and will have a term up to
20 years at a one percent annual interest rate.

B. Background

The RUS supports the sound development of rural communities and the
growth of our economy without endangering the environment. The RUS
provides financial and technical assistance to help communities bring
safe drinking water and sanitary, environmentally sound waste disposal
facilities to Rural Americans in greatest need.
 Central water systems may not be the only or best solution to
drinking water problems. Distance or physical barriers make public
central water systems costly to deploy in remote areas. A significant
number of geographically isolated households without water service
might require individual wells rather than connections to new or
existing community systems. The goal of the RUS is not only to make
funds available to those communities most in need of potable water but
also to ensure that facilities used to deliver drinking water are safe
and affordable. There is a role for private wells in reaching this
goal.

C. Purpose

The purpose of the HWWS Grant Program is to provide funds to
private non-profit organizations to assist them in establishing loan
programs from which individuals may borrow money for HWWS. Faith-based
organizations are eligible and encouraged to apply for this program.
Applicants must show that the project will provide technical and
financial assistance to eligible individuals to remedy household well
problems.
 Due to the limited amount of funds available under the HWWS Grant
Program in previous fiscal years, the RUS expects that 10 applications
may be funded from FY 2015 funds. Applications from existing HWWS grant
recipients are acceptable and will be evaluated as new applications.

II. Award Information

Funding Instrument Type: Grant.
 Available funds: To be determined. This Notice is being issued
prior to passage of a final appropriations act to allow potential
applicants time to submit proposals and give the Agency time to process
applications within the current fiscal year. RUS will publish on its
Web site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm
the amount of funding received in the final FY2015 Appropriations Act.
 Anticipated Number of Awards: 10.
 Length of Project Periods: 12-month project.
 Assistance Instrument: Grant Agreement with successful applicants
before any grant funds are disbursed.

III. Eligibility Information

A. Who is eligible for grants?

1. An organization is eligible to receive a HWWS grant if it:
 a. Has an active registration with current information in the
System for Award Management (SAM) (formerly Central Contractor
Registry, (CCR)) and has a Dun and Bradstreet (D&B) Data Universal
Numbering System (DUNS) number.
 b. Is a private, non-profit organization.
 c. Is legally established and located within one of the following:

(1) A state within the United States
(2) The District of Columbia
(3) The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico
(4) A United States territory.

d. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant
purpose.
 e. Has sufficient expertise and experience in lending activities.
 f. Has sufficient expertise and experience in promoting the safe
and productive use of individually-owned HWWS and ground water.
 g. Has no delinquent debt to the Federal Government or no
outstanding judgments to repay a Federal debt.
 h. Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and
managerial capability to comply with Federal and State laws and
requirements, and
 i. Is not a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had
an officer

[[Page 7406]]

or agent acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a felony)
within the past 24 months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid federal
tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial and
administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and that is
not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the
authority responsible for collecting the tax liability is not eligible.
 2. An individual is ineligible to receive a Household Water Well
grant. An individual may receive a loan from an organization receiving
a grant award.

B. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?

1. Project Eligibility. To be eligible for a grant, the project
must:
 a. Be a revolving loan fund created to provide loans to eligible
individuals to construct, refurbish, and service individually-owned
HWWS (see 7 CFR 1776.11 and 1776.12). Loans may not be provided for
home sewer or septic system projects.
 b. Be established and maintained by a private, non-profit
organization.
 c. Be located in a rural area. Rural area is defined as locations
other than cities or towns of more than 50,000 people and the
contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such towns and cities.
 2. Required Matching Contributions. Grant applicants must provide
written evidence of a matching contribution of at least 10 percent from
sources other than the proceeds of a HWWS grant. In-kind contributions
will not be considered for the matching requirement. Please see 7 CFR
1776.9 for the requirement.
 3. Other--Requirements.
 a. DUNS Number. The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and
Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an
application. The Standard Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the
DUNS number. The applicant can obtain the DUNS number free of charge by
calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please see http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform
for more information on how to obtain a DUNS number or how to verify
your organization's number.
 b. Prior to submitting an application, the applicant must register
in the System for Award Management (SAM) (formerly Central Contractor
Registry, (CCR)).
 (1) Applicants may register for the SAM at
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.
 (2) The SAM registration must remain active with current
information at all times while RUS is considering an application or
while a Federal Grant Award or loan is active. To maintain the
registration in the SAM database the applicant must review and update
the information in the SAM database annually from date of initial
registration or from the date of the last update. The applicant must
ensure that the information in the database is current, accurate, and
complete.
 c. Eligibility to receive a HWWS loan will be based on the
following criteria:
 (1) An individual must be a member of a household of which the
combined household income of all members does not exceed 100 percent of
the median non-metropolitan household income for the State or territory
in which the individual resides. Household income is the total income
from all sources received by each adult household member for the most
recent 12-month period for which the information is available. It does
not include income earned or received by dependent children under 18
years old or other benefits that are excluded by Federal law. The non-
metropolitan household income must be based on the most recent
decennial census of the United States.
 RUS publishes a list of income exclusions in 7 CFR 3550.54(b).
Also, the Department of Housing and Urban Development published a list
of income exclusions in the Federal Register on May 20, 2014, at 79 FR
28938 (See ``Federally Mandated Exclusions'').
 (2) The loan recipient must own and occupy the home being improved
with the proceeds of the Household Water Well loan or be purchasing the
home to occupy under a legally enforceable land purchase contract which
is not in default by either the seller or the purchaser.
 (3) The home being improved with the water well system must be
located in a rural area.
 (4) The loan for a water well system must not be associated with
the construction of a new dwelling.
 (5) The loan must not be used to substitute a water well system for
water service available from collective water systems. (For example, a
loan may not be used to restore an old well abandoned when a dwelling
was connected to a water district's water line.)
 (6) The loan recipient must not be suspended or debarred from
participation in Federal programs.

IV. Application and Submission Information

A. Where To Get Application Information

The Household Water Well System Grant Application Guide
(Application Guide), copies of necessary forms and samples, and the
HWWS Grant Program regulation are available from these sources:
 1. Internet for electronic copies: http://www.grants.gov or
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm;
 2. Water and Environmental Programs for paper copies: RUS, Water
Programs Division, STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400 Independence Ave. SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-1570, Telephone: (202) 720-9589, Fax: (202) 690-
0649.

B. Content and Form of Application Submission

1. Rules and Guidelines
 a. Detailed information on each item required can be found in the
HWWS Grant Program regulation (7 CFR part 1776) and the Application
Guide. Applicants are strongly encouraged to read and apply both the
regulation and the Application Guide. This Notice does not change the
requirements for a completed application for any form of HWWS financial
assistance specified in the regulation. The regulation and Application
Guide provide specific guidance on each of the items listed.
 b. Applications should be prepared in conformance with the
provisions in 7 CFR part 1776, subpart B, and departmental and other
applicable regulations including 2 CFR parts 180, 182, 417, 421, 7 CFR
parts 3015, 3018, 3019, and 3052 or any successor regulations.
Applicants should use the Application Guide which contains instructions
and other important information in preparing their application.
Completed applications must include the items found in the checklist in
the next paragraph.
2. Checklist of Items in Completed Application Packages
 a. DUNS Number. The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and
Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an
application. The Standard Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the
DUNS number. The applicant can obtain the DUNS number free of charge by
calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please see http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform
for more information on how to obtain a DUNS number or how to verify
your organization's number.
 b. Prior to submitting an application, the applicant must register
in the System for Award Management (SAM) (formerly Central Contractor
Registry (CCR).

[[Page 7407]]

(1) Applicants may register for the SAM at:
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.
 (2) The SAM registration must remain active with current
information at all times while RUS is considering an application or
while a Federal Grant Award or loan is active. To maintain the
registration in the SAM database the applicant must review and update
the information in the SAM database annually from date of initial
registration or from the date of the last update. The applicant must
ensure that the information in the database is current, accurate, and
complete.
 (3) Your organization must be listed in the SAM. If you have not
used Grants.gov before, you will need to register with the SAM and the
Credential Provider. New registrations can take 3-5 business days to
process. Updating or renewing an active registration has a shorter
turnaround, 24 hours. Registrations in SAM are active for one year. The
SAM registers your organization, housing your organizational
information and allowing Grants.gov to use the information to verify
your identity. The DUNS number, Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN),
and name and address of the applicant organization must match SAM data
files.
 c. The electronic and paper application process requires forms with
the prefixes RD and SF as well as supporting documents and
certifications.
Application Items
 (1) SF-424, ``Application for Federal Assistance''.
 (2) SF-424A, ``Budget Information--Non-Construction Programs''.
 (3) SF-424B, ``Assurances--Non-Construction Programs''.
 (4) SF-LLL, ``Disclosure of Lobbying Activity''.
 (5) Form RD 400-1, ``Equal Opportunity Agreement''.
 (6) Form RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil
Rights Act of 1964).
 (7) Project Proposal, Project Summary, Needs Assessment, Project
Goals and Objectives, Project Narrative.
 (8) Work Plan.
 (9) Budget and Budget Justification.
 (10) Evidence of Legal Authority and Existence.
 (11) Documentation of private non-profit status and Internal
Revenue Service (IRS). Tax Exempt Status.
 (12) List of Directors and Officers.
 (13) Financial information and sustainability (narrative).
 (14) Assurances and Certifications of Compliance with Other Federal
Statutes.
 The forms in items 1 through 6 must be completed and signed where
appropriate by an official of your organization who has authority to
obligate the organization legally. RD forms are used by programs under
the Rural Development mission area. Standard forms (SF) are used
Government-wide. In addition to the sources listed in section A, the
forms may be accessed electronically through the Rural Development Web
site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/FormsAndPublications.html.
 See section V, ``Application Review Information,'' for instructions
and guidelines on preparing Items 7 through 13.
 3. Compliance with Other Federal Statutes. The applicant must
provide evidence of compliance with other Federal statutes and
regulations, including, but not limited to the following:
 a. 7 CFR part 15, subpart A--Nondiscrimination in Federally
Assisted Programs of the Department of Agriculture--Effectuation of
Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
 b. 2 CFR part 417--Governmentwide Debarment and Suspension (Non-
procurement), or any successor regulations.
 c. 7 CFR part 3052--Audits of States, Local Governments, and Non-
profit Organizations, or any successor regulations.
 d. Subpart B of 2 CFR part 421, which adopts the Government wide
implementation (2 CFR part 182) of the Drug-Free Workplace Act.
 e. Executive Order 13166, ``Improving Access to Services for
Persons with Limited English Proficiency. '' For information on limited
English proficiency and agency-specific guidance, go to http://www.LEP.gov.
 f. Federal Obligation Certification on Delinquent Debt.

C. How many copies of an application are required?

1. Applications Submitted on Paper. Submit one signed original and
two additional copies. The original and each of the two copies must
include all required forms, certifications, assurances, and appendices,
be signed by an authorized representative, and have original
signatures. Do not include organizational brochures or promotional
materials.
 2. Applications Submitted Electronically. Additional paper copies
are unnecessary if the application is submitted electronically through
http://www.grants.gov.

D. How and Where To Submit an Application

1. Submitting Paper Applications
 a. For paper applications, mail or ensure delivery of an original
paper application (no stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures)
and two copies by the deadline date to: RUS, Water Programs Division,
STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC
20250-1570, Telephone: (202) 720-9589.
 Submit paper applications marked ``Attention: Water and
Environmental Programs.''
 b. Applications must show proof of mailing or shipping by one of
the following:
 (1) A legibly dated U.S. Postal Service (USPS) postmark;
 (2) A legible mail receipt with the date of mailing stamped by the
USPS; or,
 (3) A dated shipping label, invoice, or receipt from a commercial
carrier.
 c. If a deadline date falls on a weekend, it will be extended to
the following Monday. If the date falls on a Federal holiday, it will
be extended to the next business day.
 d. Due to screening procedures at the Department of Agriculture,
packages arriving via the USPS are irradiated, which can damage the
contents and delay delivery. RUS encourages applicants to consider the
impact of this procedure in selecting an application delivery method.
2. Submitting Electronic Applications
 a. Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail.
 b. Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if submitted
through Grants.gov at http://www.grants.gov.
 c. Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to use
the electronic applications option. Application information may be
downloaded from Grants.gov without preregistration.
 d. Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their
electronic applications before the deadline.
 e. Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required passwords,
credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at Grants.gov for
registering and submitting an electronic application.
 f. Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number
and an active registration in SAM. See the ``Checklist of Items in
Completed Application Packages'' for instructions on obtaining a DUNS
number and registering in the SAM.

[[Page 7408]]

g. You must be registered with Grants.gov before you can submit an
electronic grant application.
 (1) You must register at http://www.grants.gov/applicants/get_registered.jsp.
 (2) Organization registration user guides and checklists are
available at http://www.grants.gov/applicants/get_registered.jsp.
 (3) Grants.gov requires some credentialing and online
authentication procedures. When an applicant organization is registered
with SAM, the organization designates a point of contract who receives
a password authorizing the person to designate staff members who are
allowed to submit applications electronically through Grants.gov. These
authorized organization representatives must be registered with
Grants.gov to receive a username and password to submit applications.
These procedures may take several business days to complete.
 (4) Some or all of the SAM and Grants.gov registration,
credentialing and authorizations require updates. If you have
previously registered at Grants.gov to submit applications
electronically, please ensure that your registration, credentialing and
authorizations are up to date well in advance of the grant application
deadline.
 h. To use Grants.gov:
 (1) Follow the instructions on the Web site to find grant
information.
 (2) Download a copy of an application package.
 (3) Complete the package off-line.
 (4) Upload and submit the application via the Grants.gov Web site.
 (5) If a system problem or technical difficulty occurs with an
electronic application, please use the customer support resources
available at the Grants.gov Web site.
 (6) Again, RUS encourages applicants to take early action to
complete the sign-up, credentialing and authorization procedures at
http://www.grants.gov before submitting an application at the Web site.

E. Deadlines

The deadline for paper and electronic submissions is April 13,
2015. Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or
sent overnight no later than the closing date to be considered for FY
2015 grant funding. Electronic applications must have an electronic
date and time stamp by midnight of April 13, 2015 to be considered on
time. RUS will not accept applications by fax or email. Applications
that do not meet the criteria above will be considered late
applications and will not be considered. RUS will notify each late
applicant that its application will not be considered.

F. Funding Restrictions

1. Eligible Grant Purposes
 a. Grant funds must be used to establish and maintain a revolving
loan fund to provide loans to eligible individuals for household water
well systems.
 b. Individuals may use the loans to construct, refurbish,
rehabilitate, or replace household water well systems up to the point
of entry of a home. Point of entry for the well system is the junction
where water enters into a home water delivery system after being pumped
from a well.
 c. Grant funds may be used to pay administrative expenses
associated with providing Household Water Well loans.
2. Ineligible Grant Purposes
 a. Administrative expenses incurred in any calendar year that
exceed 10 percent of the household water well loans made during the
same period do not qualify for reimbursement.
 b. Administrative expenses incurred before RUS executes a grant
agreement with the recipient do not qualify for reimbursement.
 c. Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government does not qualify
for reimbursement.
 d. Grant funds may not be used to provide loans for household sewer
or septic systems.
 e. Household Water Well loans may not be used to pay the costs of
water well systems for the construction of a new house.
 f. Household Water Well loans may not be used to pay the costs of a
home plumbing system.

V. Application Review Information

A. Criteria

This section contains instructions and guidelines on preparing the
project proposal, work plan, and budget sections of the application.
Also, guidelines are provided on the additional information required
for RUS to determine eligibility and financial feasibility.
 1. Project Proposal. The project proposal should outline the
project in sufficient detail to provide a reader with a complete
understanding of the loan program. Explain what will be accomplished by
lending funds to individual well owners. Demonstrate the feasibility of
the proposed loan program in meeting the objectives of this grant
program. The proposal should include the following elements:
 a. Project Summary. Present a brief project overview. Explain the
purpose of the project, how it relates to RUS' purposes, how the
project will be executed, what the project will produce, and who will
direct it.
 b. Needs Assessment. To show why the project is necessary, clearly
identify the economic, social, financial, or other problems that
require solutions. Demonstrate the well owners' need for financial and
technical assistance. Quantify the number of prospective borrowers or
provide statistical or narrative evidence that a sufficient number of
borrowers will exist to justify the grant award. Describe the service
area. Provide information on the household income of the area and other
demographical information. Address community needs.
 c. Project Goals and Objectives. Clearly state the project goals.
The objectives should clearly describe the goals and be concrete and
specific enough to be quantitative or observable. They should also be
feasible and relate to the purpose of the grant and loan program.
 d. Project Narrative. The narrative should cover in more detail the
items briefly described in the Project Summary. Demonstrate the grant
applicant's experience and expertise in promoting the safe and
productive use of individually-owned household water well systems. The
narrative should address the following points:
 (1) Document the grant applicant's ability to manage and service a
revolving fund. The narrative may describe the systems that are in
place for the full life cycle of a loan from loan origination through
servicing. If a servicing contractor will service the loan portfolio,
the arrangement and services provided must be discussed.
 (2) Show evidence of the availability of funds from sources other
than the HWWS grant. Describe the contributions the project will
receive from your organization, state agencies, local government, other
federal agencies, non-government organizations, private industry, and
individuals. The documentation should describe how the contributions
will be used to pay your operational costs and provide financial
assistance for projects.
 (3) Demonstrate that the organization has secured commitments of
significant financial support from other funding sources.
 (4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be assessed.
 2. Work Plan. The work plan or scope of work must describe the
tasks and activities that will be accomplished with available resources
during the

[[Page 7409]]

grant period. It must include who will carry out the activities and
services to be performed and specific timeframes for completion.
Describe any unusual or unique features of the project such as
innovations, reductions in cost or time, or extraordinary community
involvement.
 3. Budget and Budget Justification. Use the Form SF-424A, Budget
Information--Non-Construction Programs, to show your budget cost
elements. The form summarizes resources as Federal and non-Federal
funds and costs. ``Federal'' refers only to the HWWS Grant Program for
which you are applying. ``Non-Federal'' refers to resources from your
organization, state agencies, local government, other Federal agencies,
non-government organizations, private industry, and individuals. Both
Federal and non-Federal resources shall be detailed and justified in
the budget and narrative justification.
 a. Provide a budget with line item detail and detailed calculations
for each budget object class identified in section B of the Budget
Information form (SF-424A). Detailed calculations must include
estimation methods, quantities, unit costs, and other similar
quantitative detail sufficient for the calculation to be duplicated.
Also include a breakout by the funding sources identified in Block 15
of the SF-424.
 b. Provide a narrative budget justification that describes how the
categorical costs are derived for all capital and administrative
expenditures, the matching contribution, and other sources of funds
necessary to complete the project. Discuss the necessity,
reasonableness, and allocability of the proposed costs. Consult OMB
Circular A-122: ``Cost Principles for Non-Profit Organizations'', and
any successor OMB guidance for information about appropriate costs for
each budget category.
 c. If the grant applicant will use a servicing contractor, the fees
may be reimbursed as an administrative expense as provided in 7 CFR
1776.13. These fees must be discussed in the budget narrative. If the
grant applicant will hire a servicing contractor, it must demonstrate
that all procurement transactions will be conducted in a manner to
provide, to the maximum extent practical, open and free competition.
Recipients must justify any anticipated procurement action that is
expected to be awarded without competition and exceed the simplified
acquisition threshold fixed at 41 U.S.C. 134 (currently set at
$100,000).
 d. The indirect cost category should be used only when the grant
applicant currently has an indirect cost rate approved by the
Department of Agriculture or another cognizant Federal agency. A grant
applicant that will charge indirect costs to the grant must enclose a
copy of the current rate agreement. If the grant applicant is in the
process of initially developing or renegotiating a rate, the grant
applicant shall submit its indirect cost proposal to the cognizant
agency immediately after the applicant is advised that an award will be
made. In no event, shall the indirect cost proposal be submitted later
than three months after the effective date of the award. Consult OMB
Circular A-122 and any successor OMB guidance for information about
indirect costs.
 4. Evidence of Legal Authority and Existence. The applicant must
provide satisfactory documentation that it is legally recognized under
state or Tribal and Federal law as a private non-profit organization.
The documentation also must show that it has the authority to enter
into a grant agreement with the RUS and to perform the activities
proposed under the grant application. Satisfactory documentation
includes, but is not limited to, certificates from the Secretary of
State, copies of state/Tribal statutes or laws establishing your
organization, and copies of your organization's articles of
incorporation and bylaws. Letters from IRS awarding tax-exempt status
are not considered adequate evidence.
 5. List of Directors and Officers. The applicant must submit a
certified list of directors and officers with their respective terms.
 6. IRS Tax Exempt Status. The applicant must submit evidence of tax
exempt status from the Internal Revenue Service.
 7. Financial Information and Sustainability. The applicant must
submit pro forma balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow
statements for the last three years and projections for three years.
Additionally, the most recent audit of the applicant's organization
must be submitted.

B. Evaluation Criteria

Grant applications that are complete and eligible will be scored
competitively based on the following scoring criteria:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Scoring criteria Points
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Degree of expertise and experience Up to 30 points.
 in promoting the safe and
 productive use of individually-
 owned household water well systems
 and ground water.
Degree of expertise and successful Up to 20 points.
 experience in making and servicing
 loans to individuals.
Percentage of applicant
 contributions. Points allowed
 under this paragraph will be based
 on written evidence of the
 availability of funds from sources
 other than the proceeds of a HWWS
 grant to pay part of the cost of a
 loan recipient's project. In-kind
 contributions will not be
 considered. Funds from other
 sources as a percentage of the
 HWWS grant and points
 corresponding to such percentages
 are as follows:
 0 to 9 percent................. ineligible.
 10 to 25 percent............... 5 points.
 26 to 30 percent............... 10 points.
 31 to 50 percent............... 15 points.
 51 percent or more............. 20 points.
Extent to which the work plan Up to 20 points.
 demonstrates a well thought out,
 comprehensive approach to
 accomplishing the objectives of
 this part, clearly defines who
 will be served by the project, and
 appears likely to be sustainable.
Extent to which the goals and Up to 10 points.
 objectives are clearly defined,
 tied to the work plan, and
 measurable.
Lowest ratio of projected Up to 10 points.
 administrative expenses to loans
 advanced.
Administrator's discretion,
 considering such factors as:
 Creative outreach ideas for Up to 10 points.
 marketing HWWS loans to rural
 residents; factors include:.

[[Page 7410]]


 1. Directs loans to rural
 areas where according to
 the American Community
 Survey data by census
 tracts show that at least
 20 percent of the
 population is living in
 poverty. This emphasis
 will support Rural
 Development's goal of
 providing 20 percent of
 its funding by 2016 to
 these areas of need.
 2. Directs loans to areas
 that lack running water,
 flush toilets, and modern
 sewage disposal systems,
 and areas that have open
 sewers and high rates of
 disease caused by poor
 sanitation, in particular,
 colonias or Substantially
 Underserved Trust Areas.
 3. Directs loans to areas
 stricken by drought.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

C. Review Standards

1. Incomplete applications as of the deadline for submission will
not be considered. If an application is determined to be incomplete,
the applicant will be notified in writing and the application will be
returned with no further action.
 2. Ineligible applications will be returned to the applicant with
an explanation.
 3. Complete, eligible applications will be evaluated competitively
by a review team, composed of at least two RUS employees selected from
the Water Programs Division. They will make overall recommendations
based on the program elements found in 7 CFR part 1776 and the review
criteria presented in this notice. They will award points as described
in the scoring criteria in 7 CFR 1776.9 and this notice. Each
application will receive a score based on the averages of the
reviewers' scores and discretionary points awarded by the RUS
Administrator.
 4. Applications will be ranked and grants awarded in rank order
until all grant funds are expended.
 5. Regardless of the score an application receives, if RUS
determines that the project is technically infeasible, RUS will notify
the applicant, in writing, and the application will be returned with no
further action.

VI. Award Administration Information

A. Award Notices

RUS will notify a successful applicant by an award letter
accompanied by a grant agreement. The grant agreement will contain the
terms and conditions for the grant. The applicant must execute and
return the grant agreement, accompanied by any additional items
required by the award letter or grant agreement.

B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

1. This notice, the 7 CFR part 1776, and the Application Guide
implement the appropriate administrative and national policy
requirements.
 2. Direct Federal grants, sub-award funds, or contracts under the
HWWS Grant Program shall not be used to fund inherently religious
activities, such as worship, religious instruction, or proselytization.
Therefore, organizations that receive direct assistance should take
steps to separate, in time or location, their inherently religious
activities from the services funded under the HWWS Grant Program.
Regulations for the Equal Treatment for Faith-based Organizations are
contained in 7 CFR part 16, which includes the prohibition against
Federal funding of inherently religious activities.

C. Reporting

1. Performance Reporting. All recipients of HWWS Grant Program
financial assistance must provide quarterly performance activity
reports to RUS until the project is complete and the funds are
expended. A final performance report is also required. The final report
may serve as the last annual report. The final report must include an
evaluation of the success of the project.
 2. Financial Reporting. All recipients of HWWS Grant Program
financial assistance must provide an annual audit, beginning with the
first year a portion of the financial assistance is expended. The
grantee will provide an audit report or financial statements as
follows:
 a. Grantees expending $500,000 or more Federal funds per fiscal
year will submit an audit conducted in accordance with OMB Circular A-
133 or any successor OMB guidance. The audit will be submitted within 9
months after the grantee's fiscal year. Additional audits may be
required if the project period covers more than one fiscal year.
 b. Grantees expending less than $500,000 will provide annual
financial statements covering the grant period, consisting of the
organization's statement of income and expense and balance sheet signed
by an appropriate official of the organization. Financial statements
will be submitted within 90 days after the grantee's fiscal year.
 3. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting. The applicant must have
the necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the
reporting requirements for first-tier sub-awards and executive
compensation under the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency
Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives funding unless such
applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements pursuant to 2 CFR
part 170 Section 170.110(b). The reporting requirements under the
Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are as follows:
 a. First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act
funds (unless they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by
the Recipient to http://www.fsrs.gov no later than the end of the month
following the month the obligation was made.
 b. The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (5 most
highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if
the Recipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ by the end of the month following the
month in which the award was made.
 c. The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (5 most
highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Subrecipient (if
the Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to the
Recipient by the end of the month following the month in which the
subaward was made.

VII. Agency Contacts

A. Web site: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm.
 B. Phone: 202-720-0499.
 C. Fax: 202-690-0649.
 D. Email: JoyceM.Taylor@wdc.usda.gov
 E. Main point of contact: Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs
Specialist, Water Programs Division, Water and Environmental Programs,
RUS, U.S. Department of Agriculture.

VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement

USDA Non-Discrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination
against its customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the
bases of race, color, national origin, age, disability, sex, gender
identity, religion, reprisal, and where applicable, political beliefs,
marital status, familial or parental status, sexual orientation, or all

[[Page 7411]]

or part of an individual's income is derived from any public assistance
program, or protected genetic information in employment or in any
program or activity conducted or funded by the Department. (Not all
prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)

How To File a Complaint

If you wish to file an employment complaint, you must contact your
agency's EEO Counselor within 45 days of the date of the alleged
discriminatory act, event, or in the case of a personnel action.
Additional information can be found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.
 If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of
discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form
(PDF), found online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or
at any USDA office, or call (866) 632-
9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing all of
the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint
form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at
program.intake@usda.gov

Persons With Disabilities

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech
disabilities and you wish to file either an EEO or program complaint
please contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339
or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).
 Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint,
please see information above on how to contact us by mail directly or
by email. If you require alternative means of communication for program
information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please
contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

Dated: January 6, 2015.
Jasper Schneider,
Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.
[FR Doc. 2015-02680 Filed 2-9-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Announcement of Grant Application Deadlines and Funding Levels

LENGTH: 7010 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utilities Service Announcement of Grant
Application Deadlines and Funding Levels AGENCY: Rural Development, Rural
Utilities Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA),
Household Water Well System Grant Program.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Household Water Well System
(HWWS) Grant Program application window for fiscal year (FY) 2016. RUS will make
grants to qualified private non-profit organizations to establish lending
programs for homeowners to borrow up to $11,000 to construct or repair household
water wells for an existing home.

The HWWS Grant Program is authorized under 7 U.S.C. 1926e. Regulations may be
found at 7 CFR part 1776. This year RUS will assign administrative discretion
points to applications that: 1. Direct loans to rural areas where according to
the American Community Survey data by census tracts show that at least 20
percent of the population is living in poverty. This emphasis will support Rural
Development's (RD's) goal of providing 20 percent of its funding by 2016 to
these areas of need. 2. Direct loans to areas which lack running water, flush
toilets, and modern sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers
and high rates of disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or
Substantially Underserved Trust Areas. DATES: The deadline for completed
applications for a HWWS grant is May 9, 2016. Applications in either paper or
electronic format must be postmarked or time-stamped electronically on or before
the deadline. Late applications will be ineligible for grant consideration.
ADDRESSES: Submit applications to the following addresses: 1. Electronic
applications: Grants.gov. Submit electronic applications through Grants.gov,
following the instructions on that Web site. 2. Paper applications: Water
Programs Division, Rural Development, Rural Utilities Service, STOP: 1570, Room
2234-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570. Obtain
application guides and materials for the HWWS Grant Program electronically or in
paper format from the following addresses: 1. Electronic copies:
rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems; 2. Paper copies: Write Water Programs
Division, Rural Utilities Service, STOP: 1570, Room 2234-S, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570 or call (202) 720-9583. FOR FURTHER
INFORMATION CONTACT: Derek Jones, Community Programs Specialist, Water and
Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities Service, Rural Development, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, STOP 1570, Room 2234-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-1570, Telephone: (202) 720-9640, fax: (202) 690-0649,
email: derek.jones@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Overview Federal
Agency: Rural Utilities Service, USDA. Funding Opportunity Title: HWWS Grant
Program. Announcement Type: Grant--Solicitation of Applications. Catalog of
Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.862. Due Date for Applications:
May 9, 2016. Items in Supplementary Information I. Funding Opportunity:
Description of the HWWS Grant Program. [[Page 12452]] II. Award Information: To
be determined. III. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of
projects are eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility. IV.
Application and Submission Information: Where to get application materials, what
constitutes a completed application, how and where to submit applications,
deadlines, items that are eligible. V. Application Review Information:
Considerations and preferences, scoring criteria, review standards, selection
information. VI. Award Administration Information: Award notice information,
award recipient reporting requirements. VII. Agency Contacts: Web site, phone,
fax, email, contact name. VIII. Non-discrimination Statement: USDA
non-discrimination statement, how to file a complaint, persons with
disabilities. I. Funding Opportunity A. Program Description The HWWS Grant
Program has been established to help individuals with low to moderate incomes
finance the costs of household water wells that they own or will own. The HWWS
Grant Program is authorized under Section 306E of the Consolidated Farm and
Rural Development Act (CONACT), 7 U.S.C. 1926e. The CONACT authorizes RUS to
make grants to qualified private non-profit organizations to establish lending
programs for household water wells. As the grant recipients, private non-profit
organizations will receive HWWS grants to establish lending programs that will
provide water well loans to individuals. The individuals, as loan recipients,
may use the loans to construct, refurbish, and service their household well
systems. A loan may not exceed $11,000 and will have a term up to 20 years at a
one percent annual interest rate. B. Background RUS supports the sound
development of rural communities and the growth of our economy without
endangering the environment. RUS provides financial and technical assistance to
help communities bring safe drinking water and sanitary, environmentally sound
waste disposal facilities to Rural Americans in greatest need. Central water
systems may not be the only or best solution to drinking water problems.
Distance or physical barriers make public central water systems costly to deploy
in remote areas. A significant number of geographically isolated households
without water service might require individual wells rather than connections to
new or existing community systems. The goal of RUS is not only to make funds
available to those communities most in need of potable water but also to ensure
that facilities used to deliver drinking water are safe and affordable. There is
a role for private wells in reaching this goal. C. Purpose The purpose of the
HWWS Grant Program is to provide funds to private non-profit organizations to
assist them in establishing loan programs from which individuals may borrow
money for HWWS. Faith-based organizations are eligible and encouraged to apply
for this program. Applicants must show that the project will provide technical
and financial assistance to eligible individuals to remedy household well
problems. Due to the limited amount of funds available under the HWWS Grant
Program, the RUS anticipates that 10 applications may be funded from FY 2016
funds. Applications from existing HWWS grant recipients are acceptable and will
be evaluated as new applications. II. Award Information Funding Instrument Type:
Grant. Available funds: $1,192,081. Anticipated Number of Awards: 10. Length of
Project Periods: 12-month project. Assistance Instrument: Grant Agreement with
successful applicants before any grant funds are disbursed. III. Eligibility
Information A. Who is eligible for grants? 1. An organization is eligible to
receive a HWWS grant if it: a. Has an active registration with current
information in the System for Award Management (SAM) and has a Dun and
Bradstreet (D&B) Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number. b. Is a private,
non-profit organization. c. Is legally established and located within one of the
following: (1) A state within the United States (2) The District of Columbia (3)
The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico (4) A United States territory. d. Has the legal
capacity and authority to carry out the grant purpose. e. Has sufficient
expertise and experience in lending activities. f. Has sufficient expertise and
experience in promoting the safe and productive use of individually-owned HWWS
and ground water. g. Has no delinquent debt to the federal government or no
outstanding judgments to repay a Federal debt. h. Demonstrates that it possesses
the financial, technical, and managerial capability to comply with Federal and
State laws and requirements, and i. Is not a corporation that has been convicted
of a felony (or had an officer or agent acting on behalf of the corporation
convicted of a felony) within the past 24 months. Any Corporation that has any
unpaid Federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial and
administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not
being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the authority
responsible for collecting the tax liability is not eligible. 2. An individual
is ineligible to receive a Household Water Well grant. An individual may receive
a loan from an organization receiving a grant award. B. What are the basic
eligibility requirements for a project? 1. Project Eligibility. To be eligible
for a grant, the project must: a. Be a revolving loan fund created to provide
loans to eligible individuals to construct, refurbish, and service
individually-owned HWWS (see 7 CFR 1776.11 and 1776.12). Loans may not be
provided for home sewer or septic system projects. b. Be established and
maintained by a private, non-profit organization. c. Be located in a rural area.
Rural area is defined as locations other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such towns and
cities. 2. Required Matching Contributions. Grant applicants must provide
written evidence of a matching contribution of at least 10 percent from sources
other than the proceeds of a HWWS grant. In-kind contributions will not be
considered for the matching requirement. Please see 7 CFR 1776.9 for the
requirement. 3. Other--Requirements. a. DUNS Number. The applicant for a grant
must supply a DUNS number as part of an application. The Standard Form 424
(SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The applicant can obtain the DUNS
number free of charge by calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please see
fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more information on how to obtain a DUNS number or
how to verify your organization's number. b. Prior to submitting an application,
the applicant must register in System for Award Management (SAM). (1) Applicants
may register for SAM at sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/. [[Page 12453]] (2) The SAM
registration must remain active with current information at all times while RUS
is considering an application or while a Federal grant award or loan is active.
To maintain the registration in the SAM database the applicant must review and
update the information in the SAM database annually from date of initial
registration or from the date of the last update. The applicant must ensure that
the information in the database is current, accurate, and complete. c.
Eligibility to receive a HWWS loan will be based on the following criteria: (1)
An individual must be a member of a household of which the combined household
income of all members does not exceed 100 percent of the median non-metropolitan
household income for the State or territory in which the individual resides.
Household income is the total income from all sources received by each adult
household member for the most recent 12-month period for which the information
is available. It does not include income earned or received by dependent
children under 18 years old or other benefits that are excluded by federal law.
The non- metropolitan household income must be based on the 5-year income data
from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other United States
Bureau of the Census. RUS publishes a list of income exclusions in 7 CFR
3550.54(b). Also, the Department of Housing and Urban Development published a
list of income exclusions in the Federal Register on May 20, 2014, at 79 FR
28938 (see ``Federally Mandated Exclusions''). (2) The loan recipient must own
and occupy the home being improved with the proceeds of the Household Water Well
loan or be purchasing the home to occupy under a legally enforceable land
purchase contract which is not in default by either the seller or the purchaser.
(3) The home being improved with the water well system must be located in a
rural area. (4) The loan for a water well system must not be associated with the
construction of a new dwelling. (5) The loan must not be used to substitute a
water well system for water service available from collective water systems.
(For example, a loan may not be used to restore an old well abandoned when a
dwelling was connected to a water district's water line.) (6) The loan recipient
must not be suspended or debarred from participation in Federal programs. IV.
Application and Submission Information A. Where To Get Application Information
The Household Water Well System Grant Application Guide (Application Guide),
copies of necessary forms and samples, and the HWWS Grant Program regulation are
available from these sources: 1. Internet for electronic copies: grants.gov or
rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems; 2. Water and Environmental Programs
for paper copies: RUS, Water Programs Division, STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570, Telephone: (202) 720-9589,
Fax: (202) 690-0649 B. Content and Form of Application Submission 1. Rules and
Guidelines a. Detailed information on each item required can be found in the
HWWS Grant Program regulation (7 CFR part 1776) and the Application Guide.
Applicants are strongly encouraged to read and apply both the regulation and the
Application Guide. This Notice does not change the requirements for a completed
application for any form of HWWS financial assistance specified in the
regulation. The regulation and Application Guide provide specific guidance on
each of the items listed. b. Applications should be prepared in conformance with
the provisions in 7 CFR part 1776, subpart B, and departmental and other
applicable regulations including 2 CFR parts 180, 182, 200, 400, and 421, or any
successor regulations. Applicants should use the Application Guide which
contains instructions and other important information in preparing their
application. Completed applications must include the items found in the
checklist in the next paragraph. 2. Checklist of Items in Completed Application
Packages a. DUNS Number. The applicant for a grant must supply a Dunn and
Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an
application. The Standard Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS
number. The applicant can obtain the DUNS number free of charge by calling Dun
and Bradstreet. Please see fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more information on how to
obtain a DUNS number or how to verify your organization's number. b. Prior to
submitting an application, the applicant must register in the System for Award
Management (SAM). (1) Applicants may register for the SAM at:
sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ (2) The SAM registration must remain active with
current information at all times while RUS is considering an application or
while a Federal Grant Award or loan is active. To maintain the registration in
the SAM database the applicant must review and update the information in the SAM
database annually from date of initial registration or from the date of the last
update. The applicant must ensure that the information in the database is
current, accurate, and complete. (3) Your organization must be listed in the
SAM. If you have not used Grants.gov before, you will need to register with the
SAM and the Credential Provider. New registrations can take three to five
business days to process. Updating or renewing an active registration has a
shorter turnaround, 24 hours. Registrations in SAM are active for one year. The
SAM registers your organization, housing your organizational information and
allowing Grants.gov to use the information to verify your identity. The DUNS
number, Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), and name and address of the
applicant organization must match SAM data files. c. The electronic and paper
application process requires forms with the prefixes RD and SF as well as
supporting documents and certifications. Application Items (1) SF-424,
``Application for Federal Assistance''. (2) SF-424A, ``Budget
Information--Non-Construction Programs''. (3) SF-424B,
``Assurances--Non-Construction Programs''. (4) SF-LLL, ``Disclosure of Lobbying
Activity''. (5) Form RD 400-1, ``Equal Opportunity Agreement''. (6) Form RD
400-4, ``Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil Rights Act of 1964). (7)
Project Proposal, Project Summary, Needs Assessment, Project Goals and
Objectives, Project Narrative. (8) Work Plan. (9) Budget and Budget
Justification. (10) Evidence of Legal Authority and Existence. (11)
Documentation of private non-profit status and Internal Revenue Service (IRS)
Tax Exempt Status. (12) List of Directors and Officers. (13) Financial
information and sustainability (narrative). [[Page 12454]] (14) Assurances and
certifications of compliance with other Federal Statutes. The forms in items 1
through 6 must be completed and signed where appropriate by an official of your
organization who has authority to obligate the organization legally. RD forms
are used by programs under the Rural Development mission area. Standard forms
(SF) are used government-wide. In addition to the sources listed in section A,
the forms may be accessed electronically through the RD Web site at
rurdev.usda.gov/FormsAndPublications. See section V, ``Application Review
Information,'' for instructions and guidelines on preparing Items 7 through 13.
3. Compliance with Other Federal Statutes. The applicant must provide evidence
of compliance with other Federal statutes and regulations, including, but not
limited to the following: a. 7 CFR part 15, subpart A--Nondiscrimination in
Federally Assisted Programs of the Department of Agriculture--Effectuation of
Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. b. 2 CFR part 417--Governmentwide
Debarment and Suspension (Nonprocurement), or any successor regulations. c. 7
CFR part 3052--Audits of States, Local Governments, and Non- profit
Organizations, or any successor regulations. d. Subpart B of 2 CFR part 421,
which adopts the Governmentwide implementation (2 CFR part 182) of the Drug-Free
Workplace Act. e. Executive Order 13166, ``Improving Access to Services for
Persons with Limited English Proficiency.'' For information on limited English
proficiency and agency-specific guidance go to LEP.gov. f. Federal Obligation
Certification on Delinquent Debt. C. How many copies of an application are
required? 1. Applications Submitted on Paper. Submit one signed original and two
additional copies. The original and each of the two copies must include all
required forms, certifications, assurances, and appendices, be signed by an
authorized representative, and have original signatures. Do not include
organizational brochures or promotional materials. 2. Applications Submitted
Electronically. Additional paper copies are unnecessary if the application is
submitted electronically through grants.gov. D. How and Where To Submit an
Application 1. Submitting Paper Applications a. For paper applications, mail or
ensure delivery of an original paper application (no stamped, photocopied, or
initialed signatures) and two copies by the deadline date to: Rural Development,
Rural Utility Service, Water Programs Division, STOP 1570, Room 2234-S, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570, Telephone: (202) 720-9583.
Submit paper applications marked ``Attention: Water and Environmental
Programs.'' b. Applications must show proof of mailing or shipping by one of the
following: (1) A legibly dated U.S. Postal Service (USPS) postmark; (2) A
legible mail receipt with the date of mailing stamped by the USPS; or, (3) A
dated shipping label, invoice, or receipt from a commercial carrier. c. If a
deadline date falls on a weekend, it will be extended to the following Monday.
If the date falls on a federal holiday, it will be extended to the next business
day. d. Due to screening procedures at the Department of Agriculture, packages
arriving via the USPS are irradiated, which can damage the contents and delay
delivery. RUS encourages applicants to consider the impact of this procedure in
selecting an application delivery method. 2. Submitting Electronic Applications
a. Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail. b. Electronic
applications for grants will be accepted if submitted through Grants.gov at www.
grants.gov. c. Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to use
the electronic applications option. Application information may be downloaded
from Grants.gov without preregistration. d. Applicants who apply through Grants.
gov should submit their electronic applications before the deadline. e. Grants.
gov contains full instructions on all required passwords, credentialing, and
software. Follow the instructions at Grants.gov for registering and submitting
an electronic application. f. Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A
DUNS number and an active registration in SAM. See the ``Checklist of Items in
Completed Application Packages'' for instructions on obtaining a DUNS number and
registering in the SAM. g. You must be registered with Grants.gov before you can
submit an electronic grant application. (1) You must register at Grants.gov:
grants.gov/applicants/get_registered. (2) Organization registration user guides
and checklists are also available at Grants.gov. (3) Grants.gov requires some
credentialing and online authentication procedures. When an applicant
organization is registered with SAM, the organization designates a point of
contact who receives a password authorizing the person to designate staff
members who are allowed to submit applications electronically through Grants.
gov. These authorized organization representatives must be registered with
Grants.gov to receive a username and password to submit applications. These
procedures may take several business days to complete. (4) Some or all of the
SAM and Grants.gov registration, credentialing and authorizations require
updates. If you have previously registered at Grants.gov to submit applications
electronically, please ensure that your registration, credentialing and
authorizations are up to date well in advance of the grant application deadline.
h. To use Grants.gov: (1) Follow the instructions on the Web site to find grant
information. (2) Download a copy of an application package. (3) Complete the
package off-line. (4) Upload and submit the application via the Grants.gov Web
site. (5) If a system problem or technical difficulty occurs with an electronic
application, please use the customer support resources available at the Grants.
gov Web site. (6) Again, RUS encourages applicants to take early action to
complete the sign-up, credentialing and authorization procedures at grants.gov
before submitting an application at the Web site. E. Deadlines The deadline for
paper and electronic submissions is May 9, 2016. Paper applications must be
postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later than the closing date
to be considered for FY 2016 grant funding. Electronic applications must have an
electronic date and time stamp by midnight of May 9, 2016 to be considered on
time. RUS will not accept applications by fax or email. Applications that do not
meet the criteria above are considered late applications and will not be
considered. [[Page 12455]] RUS will notify each late applicant that its
application will not be considered. F. Funding Restrictions 1. Eligible Grant
Purposes a. Grant funds must be used to establish and maintain a revolving loan
fund to provide loans to eligible individuals for household water well systems.
b. Individuals may use the loans to construct, refurbish, rehabilitate, or
replace household water well systems up to the point of entry of a home. Point
of entry for the well system is the junction where water enters into a home
water delivery system after being pumped from a well. c. Grant funds may be used
to pay administrative expenses associated with providing Household Water Well
loans. 2. Ineligible Grant Purposes a. Administrative expenses incurred in any
calendar year that exceed 10 percent of the household water well loans made
during the same period do not qualify for reimbursement. b. Administrative
expenses incurred before RUS executes a grant agreement with the recipient do
not qualify for reimbursement. c. Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government
does not qualify for reimbursement. d. Grant funds may not be used to provide
loans for household sewer or septic systems. e. Household Water Well loans may
not be used to pay the costs of water well systems for the construction of a new
house. f. Household Water Well loans may not be used to pay the costs of a home
plumbing system. V. Application Review Information A. Criteria This section
contains instructions and guidelines on preparing the project proposal, work
plan, and budget sections of the application. Also, guidelines are provided on
the additional information required for RUS to determine eligibility and
financial feasibility. 1. Project Proposal. The project proposal should outline
the project in sufficient detail to provide a reader with a complete
understanding of the loan program. Explain what will be accomplished by lending
funds to individual well owners. Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed
loan program in meeting the objectives of this grant program. The proposal
should include the following elements: a. Project Summary. Present a brief
project overview. Explain the purpose of the project, how it relates to RUS'
purposes, how the project will be executed, what the project will produce, and
who will direct it. b. Needs Assessment. To show why the project is necessary,
clearly identify the economic, social, financial, or other problems that require
solutions. Demonstrate the well owners' need for financial and technical
assistance. Quantify the number of prospective borrowers or provide statistical
or narrative evidence that a sufficient number of borrowers will exist to
justify the grant award. Describe the service area. Provide information on the
household income of the area and other demographical information. Address
community needs. c. Project Goals and Objectives. Clearly state the project
goals. The objectives should clearly describe the goals and be concrete and
specific enough to be quantitative or observable. They should also be feasible
and relate to the purpose of the grant and loan program. d. Project Narrative.
The narrative should cover in more detail the items briefly described in the
Project Summary. Demonstrate the grant applicant's experience and expertise in
promoting the safe and productive use of individually-owned household water well
systems. The narrative should address the following points: (1) Document the
grant applicant's ability to manage and service a revolving fund. The narrative
may describe the systems that are in place for the full life cycle of a loan
from loan origination through servicing. If a servicing contractor will service
the loan portfolio, the arrangement and services provided must be discussed. (2)
Show evidence of the availability of funds from sources other than the HWWS
grant. Describe the contributions the project will receive from your
organization, state agencies, local government, other Federal agencies,
non-government organizations, private industry, and individuals. The
documentation should describe how the contributions will be used to pay your
operational costs and provide financial assistance for projects. (3) Demonstrate
that the organization has secured commitments of significant financial support
from other funding sources. (4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be
assessed. 2. Work Plan. The work plan or scope of work must describe the tasks
and activities that will be accomplished with available resources during the
grant period. It must include who will carry out the activities and services to
be performed and specific timeframes for completion. Describe any unusual or
unique features of the project such as innovations, reductions in cost or time,
or extraordinary community involvement. 3. Budget and Budget Justification. Use
the Form SF-424A, Budget Information--Non-Construction Programs, to show your
budget cost elements. The form summarizes resources as Federal and non-Federal
funds and costs. ``Federal'' refers only to the HWWS Grant Program for which you
are applying. ``Non-Federal'' refers to resources from your organization, state
agencies, local government, other Federal agencies, non-government
organizations, private industry, and individuals. Both Federal and non-Federal
resources shall be detailed and justified in the budget and narrative
justification. a. Provide a budget with line item detail and detailed
calculations for each budget object class identified in section B of the Budget
Information form (SF-424A). Detailed calculations must include estimation
methods, quantities, unit costs, and other similar quantitative detail
sufficient for the calculation to be duplicated. Also include a breakout by the
funding sources identified in Block 15 of the SF-424. b. Provide a narrative
budget justification that describes how the categorical costs are derived for
all capital and administrative expenditures, the matching contribution, and
other sources of funds necessary to complete the project. Discuss the necessity,
reasonableness, and allocability of the proposed costs. c. If the grant
applicant will use a servicing contractor, the fees may be reimbursed as an
administrative expense as provided in 7 CFR 1776.13. These fees must be
discussed in the budget narrative. If the grant applicant will hire a servicing
contractor, it must demonstrate that all procurement transactions will be
conducted in a manner to provide, to the maximum extent practical, open and free
competition. Recipients must justify any anticipated procurement action that is
expected to be awarded without competition and exceed the simplified acquisition
threshold fixed at 41 U.S.C. 134 (currently set at $100,000). d. The indirect
cost category should be used only when the grant applicant currently has an
indirect cost rate approved by the Department of Agriculture or another
cognizant Federal agency. A grant applicant that will charge indirect costs to
the grant must enclose a copy of the current rate agreement. If the grant
applicant is in [[Page 12456]] the process of initially developing or
renegotiating a rate, the grant applicant shall submit its indirect cost
proposal to the cognizant agency immediately after the applicant is advised that
an award will be made. In no event, shall the indirect cost proposal be
submitted later than three months after the effective date of the award. 4.
Evidence of Legal Authority and Existence. The applicant must provide
satisfactory documentation that it is legally recognized under state or Tribal
and Federal law as a private non-profit organization. The documentation also
must show that it has the authority to enter into a grant agreement with RUS and
to perform the activities proposed under the grant application. Satisfactory
documentation includes, but is not limited to, certificates from the Secretary
of State, copies of state/Tribal statutes or laws establishing your
organization, and copies of your organization's articles of incorporation and
bylaws. Letters from IRS awarding tax-exempt status are not considered adequate
evidence. 5. List of Directors and Officers. The applicant must submit a
certified list of directors and officers with their respective terms. 6. IRS Tax
Exempt Status. The applicant must submit evidence of tax exempt status from the
Internal Revenue Service. 7. Financial Information and Sustainability. The
applicant must submit pro forma balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow
statements for the last three years and projections for three years.
Additionally, the most recent audit of the applicant's organization must be
submitted. B. Evaluation Criteria Grant applications that are complete and
eligible will be scored competitively based on the following scoring criteria:
------------------------------------------------------------------------ Scoring
criteria Points
------------------------------------------------------------------------ Degree
of expertise and experience in Up to 30 points. promoting the safe and
productive use of individually-owned household water well systems and ground
water. Degree of expertise and successful Up to 20 points. experience in making
and servicing loans to individuals. Percentage of applicant contributions.
Points allowed under this paragraph will be based on written evidence of the
availability of funds from sources other than the proceeds of a HWWS grant to
pay part of the cost of a loan recipient's project. In-kind contributions will
not be considered. Funds from other sources as a percentage of the HWWS grant
and points corresponding to such percentages are as follows: 0 to 9
percent................... ineligible. 10 to 25 percent................. 5
points. 26 to 30 percent................. 10 points. 31 to 50
percent................. 15 points. 51 percent or more............... 20 points.
Extent to which the work plan Up to 20 points. demonstrates a well thought out,
comprehensive approach to accomplishing the objectives of this part, clearly
defines who will be served by the project, and appears likely to be sustainable.
Extent to which the goals and Up to 10 points. objectives are clearly defined,
tied to the work plan, and measurable. Lowest ratio of projected Up to 10
points. administrative expenses to loans advanced. Administrator's discretion,
considering such factors as: Creative outreach ideas for Up to 10 points.
marketing HWWS loans to rural residents; factors include: 1. Directs loans to
rural areas where according to the American Community Survey data by census
tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living in poverty.
This emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20 percent of
its funding by 2016 to these areas of need; 2. Directs loans to areas which lack
running water, flush toilets, and modern sewage disposal systems, and areas
which have open sewers and high rates of disease caused by poor sanitation, in
particular, colonias or Substantially Underserved Trust Areas.
------------------------------------------------------------------------ C.
Review Standards 1. Incomplete applications as of the deadline for submission
will not be considered. If an application is determined to be incomplete, the
applicant will be notified in writing and the application will be returned with
no further action. 2. Ineligible applications will be returned to the applicant
with an explanation. 3. Complete, eligible applications will be evaluated
competitively by a review team, composed of at least two RUS employees selected
from the Water Programs Division. They will make overall recommendations based
on the program elements found in 7 CFR part 1776 and the review criteria
presented in this notice. They will award points as described in the scoring
criteria in 7 CFR 1776.9 and this notice. Each application will receive a score
based on the averages of the reviewers' scores and discretionary points awarded
by the RUS Administrator. 4. Applications will be ranked and grants awarded in
rank order until all grant funds are expended. 5. Regardless of the score an
application receives, if RUS determines that the project is technically
infeasible, RUS will notify the applicant, in writing, and the application will
be returned with no further action. VI. Award Administration Information A.
Award Notices RUS will notify a successful applicant by an award letter
accompanied by a grant agreement. The grant agreement will contain the terms and
conditions for the grant. The applicant must execute and return the grant
agreement, accompanied by any additional items required by the award letter or
grant agreement. B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements 1. This
notice, the 7 CFR part 1776, and the application guide implement the appropriate
administrative and national policy requirements. Grant recipients are subject to
the requirements in 7 CFR part 1776. 2. Direct federal grants, sub-award funds,
or contracts under the HWWS Grant Program shall not be used to fund inherently
religious activities, such as worship, religious instruction, or
proselytization. Therefore, organizations that receive direct assistance should
take steps to separate, in time or location, their inherently religious
activities from the services funded under the HWWS Grant Program. Regulations
for the Equal Treatment for Faith-based Organizations are contained in 7 CFR
part 16, which includes the prohibition against federal funding of inherently
religious activities. [[Page 12457]] C. Reporting 1. Performance Reporting. All
recipients of HWWS Grant Program financial assistance must provide quarterly
performance activity reports to RUS until the project is complete and the funds
are expended. A final performance report is also required. The final report may
serve as the last annual report. The final report must include an evaluation of
the success of the project. 2. Financial Reporting. All recipients of HWWS Grant
Program financial assistance must provide an annual audit, beginning with the
first year a portion of the financial assistance is expended. The Non- Federal
Entity (formerly called Grantee) will provide an audit report or financial
statements as follows: a. Non-Federal Entities expending $500,000 or more
Federal funds per fiscal year will submit an audit conducted in accordance with
2 CFR part 200 or successor guidance. The audit will be submitted within nine
months after the Non-Federal Entity's fiscal year. Additional audits may be
required if the project period covers more than one fiscal year. b. Non-Federal
Entities expending less than $500,000 will provide annual financial statements
covering the grant period, consisting of the organization's statement of income
and expense and balance sheet signed by an appropriate official of the
organization. Financial statements will be submitted within 90 days after the
Non-Federal Entity's fiscal year. 3. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting. The
applicant must have the necessary processes and systems in place to comply with
the reporting requirements for first-tier sub-awards and executive compensation
under the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 in the
event the applicant receives funding unless such applicant is exempt from such
reporting requirements pursuant to 2 CFR 170.110(b). The reporting requirements
under the Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are as follows: a. First
Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act funds (unless they are
exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to fsrs.gov no
later than the end of the month following the month the obligation was made. b.
The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (five most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if the Recipient
meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ by the
end of the month following the month in which the award was made. c. The Total
Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (5 most highly compensated
executives) must be reported by the Subrecipient (if the Subrecipient meets the
criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to the Recipient by the end of the month
following the month in which the subaward was made. VII. Agency Contacts A. Web
site: rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems B. Phone: 202-720-9640. C. Fax:
202-690-0649. D. Email: derek.jones@wdc.usda.gov E. Main point of contact: Derek
Jones, Community Programs Specialist, Water Programs Division, Water and
Environmental Programs, RUS, Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture.
VIII. USDA Non-Discrimination Statement In accordance with Federal civil rights
law and U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) civil rights regulations and
policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices, and employees, and institutions
participating in or administering USDA programs are prohibited from
discriminating based on race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender
identity (including gender expression), sexual orientation, disability, age,
marital status, family/parental status, income derived from a public assistance
program, political beliefs, or reprisal or retaliation for prior civil rights
activity, in any program or activity conducted or funded by USDA (not all bases
apply to all programs). Remedies and complaint filing deadlines vary by program
or incident. Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of
communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape,
American Sign Language, etc.) should contact the responsible Agency or USDA's
TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339. Additionally, program information may
be made available in languages other than English. To file a program
discrimination complaint, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint
Form, AD-3027, found online at ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust and at any
USDA office or write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of
the information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint form,
call (866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA by: (1) Mail:
U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil
Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410; (2) Fax: (202)
690-7442; or (3) Email: program.intake@usda.gov USDA is an equal opportunity
provider, employer, and lender. Dated: January 20, 2016. Brandon McBride,
Administrator, Rural Utilities Service. [FR Doc. 2016-05170 Filed 3-8-16; 8:45
am] BILLING CODE P





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday

Grant Application Deadlines and Funding Levels

LENGTH: 6947 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Utilities Service
(RUS)



  Action



 Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA), Household Water Well System
Grant Program.

 Summary



 The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Household Water Well System
(HWWS) Grant Program application window for fiscal year (FY) 2016. RUS will make
grants to qualified private non-profit organizations to establish lending
programs for homeowners to borrow up to $11,000 to construct or repair household
water wells for an existing home. The HWWS Grant Program is authorized under 7
U.S.C. 1926e. Regulations may be found at 7 CFR part 1776.





 This year RUS will assign administrative discretion points to applications
that:



 1. Direct loans to rural areas where according to the American Community Survey
data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living
in poverty. This emphasis will support Rural Development's (RD's) goal of
providing 20 percent of its funding by 2016 to these areas of need.



 2. Direct loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets, and modern
sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of
disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas.

 Dates



 The deadline for completed applications for a HWWS grant is May 9, 2016.
Applications in either paper or electronic format must be postmarked or
time-stamped electronically on or before the deadline. Late applications will be
ineligible for grant consideration.

 Addresses



 Submit applications to the following addresses:



 1. Electronic applications: Grants.gov. Submit electronic applications through
Grants.gov, following the instructions on that Web site.



 2. Paper applications: Water Programs Division, Rural Development, Rural
Utilities Service, STOP: 1570, Room 2234-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-1570.



 Obtain application guides and materials for the HWWS Grant Program
electronically or in paper format from the following addresses:



 1. Electronic copies: rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems;



 2. Paper copies: Write Water Programs Division, Rural Utilities Service, STOP:
1570, Room 2234-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570 or
call (202) 720-9583.

 For Further Information Contact



 Derek Jones, Community Programs Specialist, Water and Environmental Programs,
Rural Utilities Service, Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture, STOP
1570, Room 2234-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570,
Telephone: (202) 720-9640, fax: (202) 690-0649, email: derek.jones@wdc.usda.gov

 Supplementary Information

 Overview



 Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service, USDA.



 Funding Opportunity Title: HWWS Grant Program.



 Announcement Type: Grant--Solicitation of Applications.



 Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.862.



 Due Date for Applications: May 9, 2016.

 Items in Supplementary Information



 I. Funding Opportunity: Description of the HWWS Grant Program.



 II. Award Information: To be determined.



 III. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of projects are
eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.



 IV. Application and Submission Information: Where to get application materials,
what constitutes a completed application, how and where to submit applications,
deadlines, items that are eligible.



 V. Application Review Information: Considerations and preferences, scoring
criteria, review standards, selection information.



 VI. Award Administration Information: Award notice information, award recipient
reporting requirements.



 VII. Agency Contacts: Web site, phone, fax, email, contact name.



 VIII. Non-discrimination Statement: USDA non-discrimination statement, how to
file a complaint, persons with disabilities.

 I. Funding Opportunity

 A. Program Description



 The HWWS Grant Program has been established to help individuals with low to
moderate incomes finance the costs of household water wells that they own or
will own. The HWWS Grant Program is authorized under Section 306E of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT), 7 U.S.C. 1926e. The CONACT
authorizes RUS to make grants to qualified private non-profit organizations to
establish lending programs for household water wells.



 As the grant recipients, private non-profit organizations will receive HWWS
grants to establish lending programs that will provide water well loans to
individuals. The individuals, as loan recipients, may use the loans to
construct, refurbish, and service their household well systems. A loan may not
exceed $11,000 and will have a term up to 20 years at a one percent annual
interest rate.

 B. Background



 RUS supports the sound development of rural communities and the growth of our
economy without endangering the environment. RUS provides financial and
technical assistance to help communities bring safe drinking water and sanitary,
environmentally sound waste disposal facilities to Rural Americans in greatest
need.



 Central water systems may not be the only or best solution to drinking water
problems. Distance or physical barriers make public central water systems costly
to deploy in remote areas. A significant number of geographically isolated
households without water service might require individual wells rather than
connections to new or existing community systems. The goal of RUS is not only to
make funds available to those communities most in need of potable water but also
to ensure that facilities used to deliver drinking water are safe and
affordable. There is a role for private wells in reaching this goal.

 C. Purpose



 The purpose of the HWWS Grant Program is to provide funds to private non-profit
organizations to assist them in establishing loan programs from which
individuals may borrow money for HWWS. Faith-based organizations are eligible
and encouraged to apply for this program. Applicants must show that the project
will provide technical and financial assistance to eligible individuals to
remedy household well problems.



 Due to the limited amount of funds available under the HWWS Grant Program, the
RUS anticipates that 10 applications may be funded from FY 2016 funds.
Applications from existing HWWS grant recipients are acceptable and will be
evaluated as new applications.

 II. Award Information



 Funding Instrument Type: Grant.



 Available funds: $1,192,081.



 Anticipated Number of Awards: 10.



 Length of Project Periods: 12-month project.



 Assistance Instrument: Grant Agreement with successful applicants before any
grant funds are disbursed.

 III. Eligibility Information

 A. Who is eligible for grants?



 1. An organization is eligible to receive a HWWS grant if it:



 a. Has an active registration with current information in the System for Award
Management (SAM) and has a Dun and Bradstreet (D&B) Data Universal Numbering
System (DUNS) number.



 b. Is a private, non-profit organization.



 c. Is legally established and located within one of the following:



 (1) A state within the United States



 (2) The District of Columbia



 (3) The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico



 (4) A United States territory.



 d. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant purpose.



 e. Has sufficient expertise and experience in lending activities.



 f. Has sufficient expertise and experience in promoting the safe and productive
use of individually-owned HWWS and ground water.



 g. Has no delinquent debt to the federal government or no outstanding judgments
to repay a Federal debt.



 h. Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and managerial
capability to comply with Federal and State laws and requirements, and



 i. Is not a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had an officer
or agent acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a felony) within the
past 24 months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid Federal tax liability that
has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been
exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant
to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability
is not eligible.



 2. An individual is ineligible to receive a Household Water Well grant. An
individual may receive a loan from an organization receiving a grant award.

 B. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?



 1. Project Eligibility. To be eligible for a grant, the project must:



 a. Be a revolving loan fund created to provide loans to eligible individuals to
construct, refurbish, and service individually-owned HWWS (see 7 CFR 1776.11 and
1776.12). Loans may not be provided for home sewer or septic system projects.



 b. Be established and maintained by a private, non-profit organization.



 c. Be located in a rural area. Rural area is defined as locations other than
cities or towns of more than 50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent
urbanized area of such towns and cities.



 2. Required Matching Contributions. Grant applicants must provide written
evidence of a matching contribution of at least 10 percent from sources other
than the proceeds of a HWWS grant. In-kind contributions will not be considered
for the matching requirement. Please see 7 CFR 1776.9 for the requirement.



 3. Other--Requirements.



 a. DUNS Number. The applicant for a grant must supply a DUNS number as part of
an application. The Standard Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS
number. The applicant can obtain the DUNS number free of charge by calling Dun
and Bradstreet. Please see fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more information on how to
obtain a DUNS number or how to verify your organization's number.



 b. Prior to submitting an application, the applicant must register in System
for Award Management (SAM).



 (1) Applicants may register for SAM at sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.



 (2) The SAM registration must remain active with current information at all
times while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal grant award or
loan is active. To maintain the registration in the SAM database the applicant
must review and update the information in the SAM database annually from date of
initial registration or from the date of the last update. The applicant must
ensure that the information in the database is current, accurate, and complete.



 c. Eligibility to receive a HWWS loan will be based on the following criteria:



 (1) An individual must be a member of a household of which the combined
household income of all members does not exceed 100 percent of the median
non-metropolitan household income for the State or territory in which the
individual resides. Household income is the total income from all sources
received by each adult household member for the most recent 12-month period for
which the information is available. It does not include income earned or
received by dependent children under 18 years old or other benefits that are
excluded by federal law. The non-metropolitan household income must be based on
the 5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed,
other United States Bureau of the Census.



 RUS publishes a list of income exclusions in 7 CFR 3550.54(b). Also, the
Department of Housing and Urban Development published a list of income
exclusions in the Federal Register on May 20, 2014, at 79 FR 28938 (see
"Federally Mandated Exclusions").



 (2) The loan recipient must own and occupy the home being improved with the
proceeds of the Household Water Well loan or be purchasing the home to occupy
under a legally enforceable land purchase contract which is not in default by
either the seller or the purchaser.



 (3) The home being improved with the water well system must be located in a
rural area.



 (4) The loan for a water well system must not be associated with the
construction of a new dwelling.



 (5) The loan must not be used to substitute a water well system for water
service available from collective water systems. (For example, a loan may not be
used to restore an old well abandoned when a dwelling was connected to a water
district's water line.)



 (6) The loan recipient must not be suspended or debarred from participation in
Federal programs.

 IV. Application and Submission Information

 A. Where To Get Application Information



 The Household Water Well System Grant Application Guide (Application Guide),
copies of necessary forms and samples, and the HWWS Grant Program regulation are
available from these sources:



 1. Internet for electronic copies: grants.gov or
rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems;



 2. Water and Environmental Programs for paper copies: RUS, Water Programs
Division, STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC
20250-1570, Telephone: (202) 720-9589, Fax: (202) 690-0649

 B. Content and Form of Application Submission

 1. Rules and Guidelines



 a. Detailed information on each item required can be found in the HWWS Grant
Program regulation (7 CFR part 1776) and the Application Guide. Applicants are
strongly encouraged to read and apply both the regulation and the Application
Guide. This Notice does not change the requirements for a completed application
for any form of HWWS financial assistance specified in the regulation. The
regulation and Application Guide provide specific guidance on each of the items
listed.



 b. Applications should be prepared in conformance with the provisions in 7 CFR
part 1776, subpart B, and departmental and other applicable regulations
including 2 CFR parts 180, 182, 200, 400, and 421, or any successor regulations.
Applicants should use the Application Guide which contains instructions and
other important information in preparing their application. Completed
applications must include the items found in the checklist in the next
paragraph.

 2. Checklist of Items in Completed Application Packages



 a. DUNS Number. The applicant for a grant must supply a Dunn and Bradstreet
Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The
Standard Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The applicant
can obtain the DUNS number free of charge by calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please
see fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more information on how to obtain a DUNS number
or how to verify your organization's number.



 b. Prior to submitting an application, the applicant must register in the
System for Award Management (SAM).



 (1) Applicants may register for the SAM at: sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/



 (2) The SAM registration must remain active with current information at all
times while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal Grant Award or
loan is active. To maintain the registration in the SAM database the applicant
must review and update the information in the SAM database annually from date of
initial registration or from the date of the last update. The applicant must
ensure that the information in the database is current, accurate, and complete.



 (3) Your organization must be listed in the SAM. If you have not used Grants.
gov before, you will need to register with the SAM and the Credential Provider.
New registrations can take three to five business days to process. Updating or
renewing an active registration has a shorter turnaround, 24 hours.
Registrations in SAM are active for one year. The SAM registers your
organization, housing your organizational information and allowing Grants.gov to
use the information to verify your identity. The DUNS number, Taxpayer
Identification Number (TIN), and name and address of the applicant organization
must match SAM data files.



 c. The electronic and paper application process requires forms with the
prefixes RD and SF as well as supporting documents and certifications.

 Application Items



 (1) SF-424, "Application for Federal Assistance".



 (2) SF-424A, "Budget Information--Non-Construction Programs".



 (3) SF-424B, "Assurances--Non-Construction Programs".



 (4) SF-LLL, "Disclosure of Lobbying Activity".



 (5) Form RD 400-1, "Equal Opportunity Agreement".



 (6) Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil Rights Act of
1964).



 (7) Project Proposal, Project Summary, Needs Assessment, Project Goals and
Objectives, Project Narrative.



 (8) Work Plan.



 (9) Budget and Budget Justification.



 (10) Evidence of Legal Authority and Existence.



 (11) Documentation of private non-profit status and Internal Revenue Service
(IRS) Tax Exempt Status.



 (12) List of Directors and Officers.



 (13) Financial information and sustainability (narrative).



 (14) Assurances and certifications of compliance with other Federal Statutes.



 The forms in items 1 through 6 must be completed and signed where appropriate
by an official of your organization who has authority to obligate the
organization legally. RD forms are used by programs under the Rural Development
mission area. Standard forms (SF) are used government-wide. In addition to the
sources listed in section A, the forms may be accessed electronically through
the RD Web site at rurdev.usda.gov/FormsAndPublications.



 See section V, "Application Review Information," for instructions and
guidelines on preparing Items 7 through 13.



 3. Compliance with Other Federal Statutes. The applicant must provide evidence
of compliance with other Federal statutes and regulations, including, but not
limited to the following:



 a. 7 CFR part 15, subpart A--Nondiscrimination in Federally Assisted Programs
of the Department of Agriculture--Effectuation of Title VI of the Civil Rights
Act of 1964.



 b. 2 CFR part 417--Governmentwide Debarment and Suspension (Nonprocurement), or
any successor regulations.



 c. 7 CFR part 3052--Audits of States, Local Governments, and Non-profit
Organizations, or any successor regulations.



 d. Subpart B of 2 CFR part 421, which adopts the Governmentwide implementation
(2 CFR part 182) of the Drug-Free Workplace Act.



 e. Executive Order 13166, "Improving Access to Services for Persons with
Limited English Proficiency." For information on limited English proficiency and
agency-specific guidance go to LEP.gov.



 f. Federal Obligation Certification on Delinquent Debt.

 C. How many copies of an application are required?



 1. Applications Submitted on Paper. Submit one signed original and two
additional copies. The original and each of the two copies must include all
required forms, certifications, assurances, and appendices, be signed by an
authorized representative, and have original signatures. Do not include
organizational brochures or promotional materials.



 2. Applications Submitted Electronically. Additional paper copies are
unnecessary if the application is submitted electronically through grants.gov.

 D. How and Where To Submit an Application

 1. Submitting Paper Applications



 a. For paper applications, mail or ensure delivery of an original paper
application (no stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures) and two copies by
the deadline date to: Rural Development, Rural Utility Service, Water Programs
Division, STOP 1570, Room 2234-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC
20250-1570, Telephone: (202) 720-9583.



 Submit paper applications marked "Attention: Water and Environmental Programs."




 b. Applications must show proof of mailing or shipping by one of the following:




 (1) A legibly dated U.S. Postal Service (USPS) postmark;



 (2) A legible mail receipt with the date of mailing stamped by the USPS; or,



 (3) A dated shipping label, invoice, or receipt from a commercial carrier.



 c. If a deadline date falls on a weekend, it will be extended to the following
Monday. If the date falls on a federal holiday, it will be extended to the next
business day.



 d. Due to screening procedures at the Department of Agriculture, packages
arriving via the USPS are irradiated, which can damage the contents and delay
delivery. RUS encourages applicants to consider the impact of this procedure in
selecting an application delivery method.

 2. Submitting Electronic Applications



 a. Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail.



 b. Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if submitted through
Grants.gov at www.grants.gov.



 c. Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to use the
electronic applications option. Application information may be downloaded from
Grants.gov without preregistration.



 d. Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their electronic
applications before the deadline.



 e. Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required passwords,
credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at Grants.gov for
registering and submitting an electronic application.



 f. Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number and an active
registration in SAM. See the "Checklist of Items in Completed Application
Packages" for instructions on obtaining a DUNS number and registering in the
SAM.



 g. You must be registered with Grants.gov before you can submit an electronic
grant application.



 (1) You must register at Grants.gov: grants.gov/applicants/get_registered.



 (2) Organization registration user guides and checklists are also available at
Grants.gov.



 (3) Grants.gov requires some credentialing and online authentication
procedures. When an applicant organization is registered with SAM, the
organization designates a point of contact who receives a password authorizing
the person to designate staff members who are allowed to submit applications
electronically through Grants.gov. These authorized organization representatives
must be registered with Grants.gov to receive a username and password to submit
applications. These procedures may take several business days to complete.



 (4) Some or all of the SAM and Grants.gov registration, credentialing and
authorizations require updates. If you have previously registered at Grants.gov
to submit applications electronically, please ensure that your registration,
credentialing and authorizations are up to date well in advance of the grant
application deadline.



 h. To use Grants.gov:



 (1) Follow the instructions on the Web site to find grant information.



 (2) Download a copy of an application package.



 (3) Complete the package off-line.



 (4) Upload and submit the application via the Grants.gov Web site.



 (5) If a system problem or technical difficulty occurs with an electronic
application, please use the customer support resources available at the Grants.
gov Web site.



 (6) Again, RUS encourages applicants to take early action to complete the
sign-up, credentialing and authorization procedures at grants.gov before
submitting an application at the Web site.

 E. Deadlines



 The deadline for paper and electronic submissions is May 9, 2016. Paper
applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later
than the closing date to be considered for FY 2016 grant funding. Electronic
applications must have an electronic date and time stamp by midnight of May 9,
2016 to be considered on time. RUS will not accept applications by fax or email.
Applications that do not meet the criteria above are considered late
applications and will not be considered. RUS will notify each late applicant
that its application will not be considered.

 F. Funding Restrictions

 1. Eligible Grant Purposes



 a. Grant funds must be used to establish and maintain a revolving loan fund to
provide loans to eligible individuals for household water well systems.



 b. Individuals may use the loans to construct, refurbish, rehabilitate, or
replace household water well systems up to the point of entry of a home. Point
of entry for the well system is the junction where water enters into a home
water delivery system after being pumped from a well.



 c. Grant funds may be used to pay administrative expenses associated with
providing Household Water Well loans.

 2. Ineligible Grant Purposes



 a. Administrative expenses incurred in any calendar year that exceed 10 percent
of the household water well loans made during the same period do not qualify for
reimbursement.



 b. Administrative expenses incurred before RUS executes a grant agreement with
the recipient do not qualify for reimbursement.



 c. Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government does not qualify for
reimbursement.



 d. Grant funds may not be used to provide loans for household sewer or septic
systems.



 e. Household Water Well loans may not be used to pay the costs of water well
systems for the construction of a new house.



 f. Household Water Well loans may not be used to pay the costs of a home
plumbing system.

 V. Application Review Information

 A. Criteria



 This section contains instructions and guidelines on preparing the project
proposal, work plan, and budget sections of the application. Also, guidelines
are provided on the additional information required for RUS to determine
eligibility and financial feasibility.



 1. Project Proposal. The project proposal should outline the project in
sufficient detail to provide a reader with a complete understanding of the loan
program. Explain what will be accomplished by lending funds to individual well
owners. Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed loan program in meeting the
objectives of this grant program. The proposal should include the following
elements:



 a. Project Summary. Present a brief project overview. Explain the purpose of
the project, how it relates to RUS' purposes, how the project will be executed,
what the project will produce, and who will direct it.



 b. Needs Assessment. To show why the project is necessary, clearly identify the
economic, social, financial, or other problems that require solutions.
Demonstrate the well owners' need for financial and technical assistance.
Quantify the number of prospective borrowers or provide statistical or narrative
evidence that a sufficient number of borrowers will exist to justify the grant
award. Describe the service area. Provide information on the household income of
the area and other demographical information. Address community needs.



 c. Project Goals and Objectives. Clearly state the project goals. The
objectives should clearly describe the goals and be concrete and specific enough
to be quantitative or observable. They should also be feasible and relate to the
purpose of the grant and loan program.



 d. Project Narrative. The narrative should cover in more detail the items
briefly described in the Project Summary. Demonstrate the grant applicant's
experience and expertise in promoting the safe and productive use of
individually-owned household water well systems. The narrative should address
the following points:



 (1) Document the grant applicant's ability to manage and service a revolving
fund. The narrative may describe the systems that are in place for the full life
cycle of a loan from loan origination through servicing. If a servicing
contractor will service the loan portfolio, the arrangement and services
provided must be discussed.



 (2) Show evidence of the availability of funds from sources other than the HWWS
grant. Describe the contributions the project will receive from your
organization, state agencies, local government, other Federal agencies,
non-government organizations, private industry, and individuals. The
documentation should describe how the contributions will be used to pay your
operational costs and provide financial assistance for projects.



 (3) Demonstrate that the organization has secured commitments of significant
financial support from other funding sources.



 (4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be assessed.



 2. Work Plan. The work plan or scope of work must describe the tasks and
activities that will be accomplished with available resources during the grant
period. It must include who will carry out the activities and services to be
performed and specific timeframes for completion. Describe any unusual or unique
features of the project such as innovations, reductions in cost or time, or
extraordinary community involvement.



 3. Budget and Budget Justification. Use the Form SF-424A, Budget
Information--Non-Construction Programs, to show your budget cost elements. The
form summarizes resources as Federal and non-Federal funds and costs. "Federal"
refers only to the HWWS Grant Program for which you are applying. "Non-Federal"
refers to resources from your organization, state agencies, local government,
other Federal agencies, non-government organizations, private industry, and
individuals. Both Federal and non-Federal resources shall be detailed and
justified in the budget and narrative justification.



 a. Provide a budget with line item detail and detailed calculations for each
budget object class identified in section B of the Budget Information form
(SF-424A). Detailed calculations must include estimation methods, quantities,
unit costs, and other similar quantitative detail sufficient for the calculation
to be duplicated. Also include a breakout by the funding sources identified in
Block 15 of the SF-424.



 b. Provide a narrative budget justification that describes how the categorical
costs are derived for all capital and administrative expenditures, the matching
contribution, and other sources of funds necessary to complete the project.
Discuss the necessity, reasonableness, and allocability of the proposed costs.



 c. If the grant applicant will use a servicing contractor, the fees may be
reimbursed as an administrative expense as provided in 7 CFR 1776.13. These fees
must be discussed in the budget narrative. If the grant applicant will hire a
servicing contractor, it must demonstrate that all procurement transactions will
be conducted in a manner to provide, to the maximum extent practical, open and
free competition. Recipients must justify any anticipated procurement action
that is expected to be awarded without competition and exceed the simplified
acquisition threshold fixed at 41 U.S.C. 134 (currently set at $100,000).



 d. The indirect cost category should be used only when the grant applicant
currently has an indirect cost rate approved by the Department of Agriculture or
another cognizant Federal agency. A grant applicant that will charge indirect
costs to the grant must enclose a copy of the current rate agreement. If the
grant applicant is in the process of initially developing or renegotiating a
rate, the grant applicant shall submit its indirect cost proposal to the
cognizant agency immediately after the applicant is advised that an award will
be made. In no event, shall the indirect cost proposal be submitted later than
three months after the effective date of the award.



 4. Evidence of Legal Authority and Existence. The applicant must provide
satisfactory documentation that it is legally recognized under state or Tribal
and Federal law as a private non-profit organization. The documentation also
must show that it has the authority to enter into a grant agreement with RUS and
to perform the activities proposed under the grant application. Satisfactory
documentation includes, but is not limited to, certificates from the Secretary
of State, copies of state/Tribal statutes or laws establishing your
organization, and copies of your organization's articles of incorporation and
bylaws. Letters from IRS awarding tax-exempt status are not considered adequate
evidence.



 5. List of Directors and Officers. The applicant must submit a certified list
of directors and officers with their respective terms.



 6. IRS Tax Exempt Status. The applicant must submit evidence of tax exempt
status from the Internal Revenue Service.



 7. Financial Information and Sustainability. The applicant must submit pro
forma balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow statements for the last
three years and projections for three years. Additionally, the most recent audit
of the applicant's organization must be submitted.

 B. Evaluation Criteria



 Grant applications that are complete and eligible will be scored competitively
based on the following scoring criteria:

 &emsp; Scoring criteria    Points

 Degree of expertise and experience in promoting the safe and productive use of
individually-owned household water well systems and ground water    Up to 30
points.

 Degree of expertise and successful experience in making and servicing loans to
individuals    Up to 20 points.

 Percentage of applicant contributions. Points allowed under this paragraph will
be based on written evidence of the availability of funds from sources other
than the proceeds of a HWWS grant to pay part of the cost of a loan recipient's
project. In-kind contributions will not be considered. Funds from other sources
as a percentage of the HWWS grant and points corresponding to such percentages
are as follows:

 0 to 9 percent    ineligible.

 10 to 25 percent    5 points.

 26 to 30 percent    10 points.

 31 to 50 percent    15 points.

 51 percent or more    20 points.

 Extent to which the work plan demonstrates a well thought out, comprehensive
approach to accomplishing the objectives of this part, clearly defines who will
be served by the project, and appears likely to be sustainable    Up to 20
points.

 Extent to which the goals and objectives are clearly defined, tied to the work
plan, and measurable    Up to 10 points.

 Lowest ratio of projected administrative expenses to loans advanced    Up to 10
points.

 Administrator's discretion, considering such factors as:

 Creative outreach ideas for marketing HWWS loans to rural residents; factors
include:    Up to 10 points.

 1. Directs loans to rural areas where according to the American Community
Survey data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is
living in poverty. This emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of
providing 20 percent of its funding by 2016 to these areas of need;

 2. Directs loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets, and modern
sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of
disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas.

 C. Review Standards



 1. Incomplete applications as of the deadline for submission will not be
considered. If an application is determined to be incomplete, the applicant will
be notified in writing and the application will be returned with no further
action.



 2. Ineligible applications will be returned to the applicant with an
explanation.



 3. Complete, eligible applications will be evaluated competitively by a review
team, composed of at least two RUS employees selected from the Water Programs
Division. They will make overall recommendations based on the program elements
found in 7 CFR part 1776 and the review criteria presented in this notice. They
will award points as described in the scoring criteria in 7 CFR 1776.9 and this
notice. Each application will receive a score based on the averages of the
reviewers' scores and discretionary points awarded by the RUS Administrator.



 4. Applications will be ranked and grants awarded in rank order until all grant
funds are expended.



 5. Regardless of the score an application receives, if RUS determines that the
project is technically infeasible, RUS will notify the applicant, in writing,
and the application will be returned with no further action.

 VI. Award Administration Information

 A. Award Notices



 RUS will notify a successful applicant by an award letter accompanied by a
grant agreement. The grant agreement will contain the terms and conditions for
the grant. The applicant must execute and return the grant agreement,
accompanied by any additional items required by the award letter or grant
agreement.

 B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements



 1. This notice, the 7 CFR part 1776, and the application guide implement the
appropriate administrative and national policy requirements. Grant recipients
are subject to the requirements in 7 CFR part 1776.



 2. Direct federal grants, sub-award funds, or contracts under the HWWS Grant
Program shall not be used to fund inherently religious activities, such as
worship, religious instruction, or proselytization. Therefore, organizations
that receive direct assistance should take steps to separate, in time or
location, their inherently religious activities from the services funded under
the HWWS Grant Program. Regulations for the Equal Treatment for Faith-based
Organizations are contained in 7 CFR part 16, which includes the prohibition
against federal funding of inherently religious activities.

 C. Reporting



 1. Performance Reporting. All recipients of HWWS Grant Program financial
assistance must provide quarterly performance activity reports to RUS until the
project is complete and the funds are expended. A final performance report is
also required. The final report may serve as the last annual report. The final
report must include an evaluation of the success of the project.



 2. Financial Reporting. All recipients of HWWS Grant Program financial
assistance must provide an annual audit, beginning with the first year a portion
of the financial assistance is expended. The Non-Federal Entity (formerly called
Grantee) will provide an audit report or financial statements as follows:



 a. Non-Federal Entities expending $500,000 or more Federal funds per fiscal
year will submit an audit conducted in accordance with 2 CFR part 200 or
successor guidance. The audit will be submitted within nine months after the
Non-Federal Entity's fiscal year. Additional audits may be required if the
project period covers more than one fiscal year.



 b. Non-Federal Entities expending less than $500,000 will provide annual
financial statements covering the grant period, consisting of the organization's
statement of income and expense and balance sheet signed by an appropriate
official of the organization. Financial statements will be submitted within 90
days after the Non-Federal Entity's fiscal year.



 3. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting. The applicant must have the necessary
processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements for
first-tier sub-awards and executive compensation under the Federal Funding
Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives
funding unless such applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements
pursuant to 2 CFR 170.110(b). The reporting requirements under the Transparency
Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are as follows:



 a. First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act funds (unless
they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to
fsrs.gov no later than the end of the month following the month the obligation
was made.



 b. The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (five most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if the Recipient
meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ by the
end of the month following the month in which the award was made.



 c. The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Subrecipient (if the
Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to the Recipient by the
end of the month following the month in which the subaward was made.

 VII. Agency Contacts



 A. Web site: rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems



 B. Phone: 202-720-9640.



 C. Fax: 202-690-0649.



 D. Email: derek.jones@wdc.usda.gov



 E. Main point of contact: Derek Jones, Community Programs Specialist, Water
Programs Division, Water and Environmental Programs, RUS, Rural Development,
U.S. Department of Agriculture.

 VIII. USDA Non-Discrimination Statement



 In accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices,
and employees, and institutions participating in or administering USDA programs
are prohibited from discriminating based on race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity (including gender expression), sexual
orientation, disability, age, marital status, family/parental status, income
derived from a public assistance program, political beliefs, or reprisal or
retaliation for prior civil rights activity, in any program or activity
conducted or funded by USDA (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and
complaint filing deadlines vary by program or incident.



 Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of communication for
program information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, American Sign
Language, etc.) should contact the responsible Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service
at (800) 877-8339. Additionally, program information may be made available in
languages other than English.



 To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA Program
Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust and at any USDA office or write a letter
addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the information requested in
the form. To request a copy of the complaint form, call (866) 632-9992. Submit
your completed form or letter to USDA by:



 (1) Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant Secretary for
Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410;



 (2) Fax: (202) 690-7442; or



 (3) Email: program.intake@usda.gov



 USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.

 Dated: January 20, 2016.

 Brandon McBride,

 Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-05170 Filed 3-8-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 10, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: Household Water Well System Grant Program Announcement of
Application Deadlines and Funding

LENGTH: 7292  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Register has published the following document:

[Federal Register Volume 80, Number 27 (Tuesday, February 10, 2015)]
[Notices]
[Pages 7404-7411]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2015-02680]


-----------------------------------------------------------------------

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Rural Utilities Service


Household Water Well System Grant Program Announcement of
Application Deadlines and Funding

AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA.

ACTION: Notice of solicitation of applications (NOSA).

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Household
Water Well System Grant Program (HWWS) application window for Fiscal
Year (FY) 2015. RUS will make grants to qualified private non-profit
organizations to establish lending programs for homeowners to borrow up
to $11,000 to construct or repair household water wells for an existing
home. The HWWS Grant Program is authorized under 7 U.S.C. 1926e.
Regulations may be found at 7 CFR part 1776. Of particular note this
year, the RUS will assign administrative discretion points to
applications that:
 1. Direct loans to rural areas where according to the American
Community Survey data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of
the population is living in poverty. This emphasis will support Rural
Development's goal of providing 20 percent of its funding by 2016 to
these areas of need.
 2. Direct loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets,
and modern sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers
and high rates of disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular,
colonias or Substantially Underserved Trust Areas.
 3. Direct loans to areas stricken by drought.
 RUS will publish on its Web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm the amount of funding
received in the final
FY2015 Appropriations Act. Successful applications will be selected by
the Agency for funding and subsequently awarded to the extent that
funding may ultimately be made available to the Agency through
appropriations.

DATES: The deadline for completed applications for a HWWS grant is
April 13, 2015. Applications in either paper or electronic format must
be postmarked or time-stamped electronically on or before

[[Page 7405]]

the deadline. Late applications will be ineligible for grant
consideration.

ADDRESSES: Submit applications to the following addresses:
 1. Electronic applications: http://www.grants.gov (Grants.gov).
Submit electronic applications through Grants.gov, following the
instructions on that Web site.
 2. Paper applications: Water Programs Division, Rural Utilities
Service, STOP: 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-1570.
 Obtain application guides and materials for the HWWS Grant Program
electronically or in paper format from the following addresses:
 1. Electronic copies: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm.

 2. Paper copies: Write Water Programs Division, Rural Utilities
Service, STOP: 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-1570 or call (202) 720-9589.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs
Specialist, Water Programs Division, Water and Environmental Programs.
Telephone: (202) 720-9589, fax: (202) 690-0649, email:
JoyceM.Taylor@wdc.usda.gov

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

Overview

Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service.
 Funding Opportunity Title: HWWS Grant Program.
 Announcement Type: Solicitation of Applications.
 Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.862.
 Due Date for Applications: April 13, 2015.

Items in Supplementary Information

I. Funding Opportunity: Description of the HWWS Grant Program.
II. Award Information: To be determined.
III. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of
projects are eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.
IV. Application and Submission Information: Where to get application
materials, what constitutes a completed application, how and where
to submit applications, deadlines, items that are eligible.
V. Application Review Information: Considerations and preferences,
scoring criteria, review standards, selection information.
VI. Award Administration Information: Award notice information,
award recipient reporting requirements.
VII. Agency Contacts: Web, phone, fax, email, contact name.
VIII. Non-discrimination Statement: USDA non-discrimination
statement, how to file a complaint, persons with disabilities.

I. Funding Opportunity

A. Program Description

The HWWS Grant Program has been established to help individuals
with low to moderate incomes finance the costs of household water wells
that they own or will own. The HWWS Grant Program is authorized under
Section 306E of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act
(CONACT), 7 U.S.C. 1926e. The CONACT authorizes the RUS to make grants
to qualified private non-profit organizations to establish lending
programs for household water wells.
 As the grant recipients, private non-profit organizations will
receive HWWS grants to establish lending programs that will provide
water well loans to individuals. The individuals, as loan recipients,
may use the loans to construct, refurbish, and service their household
well systems. A loan may not exceed $11,000 and will have a term up to
20 years at a one percent annual interest rate.

B. Background

The RUS supports the sound development of rural communities and the
growth of our economy without endangering the environment. The RUS
provides financial and technical assistance to help communities bring
safe drinking water and sanitary, environmentally sound waste disposal
facilities to Rural Americans in greatest need.
 Central water systems may not be the only or best solution to
drinking water problems. Distance or physical barriers make public
central water systems costly to deploy in remote areas. A significant
number of geographically isolated households without water service
might require individual wells rather than connections to new or
existing community systems. The goal of the RUS is not only to make
funds available to those communities most in need of potable water but
also to ensure that facilities used to deliver drinking water are safe
and affordable. There is a role for private wells in reaching this
goal.

C. Purpose

The purpose of the HWWS Grant Program is to provide funds to
private non-profit organizations to assist them in establishing loan
programs from which individuals may borrow money for HWWS. Faith-based
organizations are eligible and encouraged to apply for this program.
Applicants must show that the project will provide technical and
financial assistance to eligible individuals to remedy household well
problems.
 Due to the limited amount of funds available under the HWWS Grant
Program in previous fiscal years, the RUS expects that 10 applications
may be funded from FY 2015 funds. Applications from existing HWWS grant
recipients are acceptable and will be evaluated as new applications.

II. Award Information

Funding Instrument Type: Grant.
 Available funds: To be determined. This Notice is being issued
prior to passage of a final appropriations act to allow potential
applicants time to submit proposals and give the Agency time to process
applications within the current fiscal year. RUS will publish on its
Web site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm
the amount of funding received in the final FY2015 Appropriations Act.
 Anticipated Number of Awards: 10.
 Length of Project Periods: 12-month project.
 Assistance Instrument: Grant Agreement with successful applicants
before any grant funds are disbursed.

III. Eligibility Information

A. Who is eligible for grants?

1. An organization is eligible to receive a HWWS grant if it:
 a. Has an active registration with current information in the
System for Award Management (SAM) (formerly Central Contractor
Registry, (CCR)) and has a Dun and Bradstreet (D&B) Data Universal
Numbering System (DUNS) number.
 b. Is a private, non-profit organization.
 c. Is legally established and located within one of the following:

(1) A state within the United States
(2) The District of Columbia
(3) The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico
(4) A United States territory.

d. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant
purpose.
 e. Has sufficient expertise and experience in lending activities.
 f. Has sufficient expertise and experience in promoting the safe
and productive use of individually-owned HWWS and ground water.
 g. Has no delinquent debt to the Federal Government or no
outstanding judgments to repay a Federal debt.
 h. Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and
managerial capability to comply with Federal and State laws and
requirements, and
 i. Is not a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had
an officer

[[Page 7406]]

or agent acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a felony)
within the past 24 months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid federal
tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial and
administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and that is
not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the
authority responsible for collecting the tax liability is not eligible.
 2. An individual is ineligible to receive a Household Water Well
grant. An individual may receive a loan from an organization receiving
a grant award.

B. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?

1. Project Eligibility. To be eligible for a grant, the project
must:
 a. Be a revolving loan fund created to provide loans to eligible
individuals to construct, refurbish, and service individually-owned
HWWS (see 7 CFR 1776.11 and 1776.12). Loans may not be provided for
home sewer or septic system projects.
 b. Be established and maintained by a private, non-profit
organization.
 c. Be located in a rural area. Rural area is defined as locations
other than cities or towns of more than 50,000 people and the
contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such towns and cities.
 2. Required Matching Contributions. Grant applicants must provide
written evidence of a matching contribution of at least 10 percent from
sources other than the proceeds of a HWWS grant. In-kind contributions
will not be considered for the matching requirement. Please see 7 CFR
1776.9 for the requirement.
 3. Other--Requirements.
 a. DUNS Number. The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and
Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an
application. The Standard Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the
DUNS number. The applicant can obtain the DUNS number free of charge by
calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please see http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform
for more information on how to obtain a DUNS number or how to verify
your organization's number.
 b. Prior to submitting an application, the applicant must register
in the System for Award Management (SAM) (formerly Central Contractor
Registry, (CCR)).
 (1) Applicants may register for the SAM at
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.
 (2) The SAM registration must remain active with current
information at all times while RUS is considering an application or
while a Federal Grant Award or loan is active. To maintain the
registration in the SAM database the applicant must review and update
the information in the SAM database annually from date of initial
registration or from the date of the last update. The applicant must
ensure that the information in the database is current, accurate, and
complete.
 c. Eligibility to receive a HWWS loan will be based on the
following criteria:
 (1) An individual must be a member of a household of which the
combined household income of all members does not exceed 100 percent of
the median non-metropolitan household income for the State or territory
in which the individual resides. Household income is the total income
from all sources received by each adult household member for the most
recent 12-month period for which the information is available. It does
not include income earned or received by dependent children under 18
years old or other benefits that are excluded by Federal law. The non-
metropolitan household income must be based on the most recent
decennial census of the United States.
 RUS publishes a list of income exclusions in 7 CFR 3550.54(b).
Also, the Department of Housing and Urban Development published a list
of income exclusions in the Federal Register on May 20, 2014, at 79 FR
28938 (See ``Federally Mandated Exclusions'').
 (2) The loan recipient must own and occupy the home being improved
with the proceeds of the Household Water Well loan or be purchasing the
home to occupy under a legally enforceable land purchase contract which
is not in default by either the seller or the purchaser.
 (3) The home being improved with the water well system must be
located in a rural area.
 (4) The loan for a water well system must not be associated with
the construction of a new dwelling.
 (5) The loan must not be used to substitute a water well system for
water service available from collective water systems. (For example, a
loan may not be used to restore an old well abandoned when a dwelling
was connected to a water district's water line.)
 (6) The loan recipient must not be suspended or debarred from
participation in Federal programs.

IV. Application and Submission Information

A. Where To Get Application Information

The Household Water Well System Grant Application Guide
(Application Guide), copies of necessary forms and samples, and the
HWWS Grant Program regulation are available from these sources:
 1. Internet for electronic copies: http://www.grants.gov or
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm;
 2. Water and Environmental Programs for paper copies: RUS, Water
Programs Division, STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400 Independence Ave. SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-1570, Telephone: (202) 720-9589, Fax: (202) 690-
0649.

B. Content and Form of Application Submission

1. Rules and Guidelines
 a. Detailed information on each item required can be found in the
HWWS Grant Program regulation (7 CFR part 1776) and the Application
Guide. Applicants are strongly encouraged to read and apply both the
regulation and the Application Guide. This Notice does not change the
requirements for a completed application for any form of HWWS financial
assistance specified in the regulation. The regulation and Application
Guide provide specific guidance on each of the items listed.
 b. Applications should be prepared in conformance with the
provisions in 7 CFR part 1776, subpart B, and departmental and other
applicable regulations including 2 CFR parts 180, 182, 417, 421, 7 CFR
parts 3015, 3018, 3019, and 3052 or any successor regulations.
Applicants should use the Application Guide which contains instructions
and other important information in preparing their application.
Completed applications must include the items found in the checklist in
the next paragraph.
2. Checklist of Items in Completed Application Packages
 a. DUNS Number. The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and
Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an
application. The Standard Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the
DUNS number. The applicant can obtain the DUNS number free of charge by
calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please see http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform
for more information on how to obtain a DUNS number or how to verify
your organization's number.
 b. Prior to submitting an application, the applicant must register
in the System for Award Management (SAM) (formerly Central Contractor
Registry (CCR).

[[Page 7407]]

(1) Applicants may register for the SAM at:
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.
 (2) The SAM registration must remain active with current
information at all times while RUS is considering an application or
while a Federal Grant Award or loan is active. To maintain the
registration in the SAM database the applicant must review and update
the information in the SAM database annually from date of initial
registration or from the date of the last update. The applicant must
ensure that the information in the database is current, accurate, and
complete.
 (3) Your organization must be listed in the SAM. If you have not
used Grants.gov before, you will need to register with the SAM and the
Credential Provider. New registrations can take 3-5 business days to
process. Updating or renewing an active registration has a shorter
turnaround, 24 hours. Registrations in SAM are active for one year. The
SAM registers your organization, housing your organizational
information and allowing Grants.gov to use the information to verify
your identity. The DUNS number, Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN),
and name and address of the applicant organization must match SAM data
files.
 c. The electronic and paper application process requires forms with
the prefixes RD and SF as well as supporting documents and
certifications.
Application Items
 (1) SF-424, ``Application for Federal Assistance''.
 (2) SF-424A, ``Budget Information--Non-Construction Programs''.
 (3) SF-424B, ``Assurances--Non-Construction Programs''.
 (4) SF-LLL, ``Disclosure of Lobbying Activity''.
 (5) Form RD 400-1, ``Equal Opportunity Agreement''.
 (6) Form RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil
Rights Act of 1964).
 (7) Project Proposal, Project Summary, Needs Assessment, Project
Goals and Objectives, Project Narrative.
 (8) Work Plan.
 (9) Budget and Budget Justification.
 (10) Evidence of Legal Authority and Existence.
 (11) Documentation of private non-profit status and Internal
Revenue Service (IRS). Tax Exempt Status.
 (12) List of Directors and Officers.
 (13) Financial information and sustainability (narrative).
 (14) Assurances and Certifications of Compliance with Other Federal
Statutes.
 The forms in items 1 through 6 must be completed and signed where
appropriate by an official of your organization who has authority to
obligate the organization legally. RD forms are used by programs under
the Rural Development mission area. Standard forms (SF) are used
Government-wide. In addition to the sources listed in section A, the
forms may be accessed electronically through the Rural Development Web
site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/FormsAndPublications.html.
 See section V, ``Application Review Information,'' for instructions
and guidelines on preparing Items 7 through 13.
 3. Compliance with Other Federal Statutes. The applicant must
provide evidence of compliance with other Federal statutes and
regulations, including, but not limited to the following:
 a. 7 CFR part 15, subpart A--Nondiscrimination in Federally
Assisted Programs of the Department of Agriculture--Effectuation of
Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
 b. 2 CFR part 417--Governmentwide Debarment and Suspension (Non-
procurement), or any successor regulations.
 c. 7 CFR part 3052--Audits of States, Local Governments, and Non-
profit Organizations, or any successor regulations.
 d. Subpart B of 2 CFR part 421, which adopts the Government wide
implementation (2 CFR part 182) of the Drug-Free Workplace Act.
 e. Executive Order 13166, ``Improving Access to Services for
Persons with Limited English Proficiency. '' For information on limited
English proficiency and agency-specific guidance, go to http://www.LEP.gov.
 f. Federal Obligation Certification on Delinquent Debt.

C. How many copies of an application are required?

1. Applications Submitted on Paper. Submit one signed original and
two additional copies. The original and each of the two copies must
include all required forms, certifications, assurances, and appendices,
be signed by an authorized representative, and have original
signatures. Do not include organizational brochures or promotional
materials.
 2. Applications Submitted Electronically. Additional paper copies
are unnecessary if the application is submitted electronically through
http://www.grants.gov.

D. How and Where To Submit an Application

1. Submitting Paper Applications
 a. For paper applications, mail or ensure delivery of an original
paper application (no stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures)
and two copies by the deadline date to: RUS, Water Programs Division,
STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC
20250-1570, Telephone: (202) 720-9589.
 Submit paper applications marked ``Attention: Water and
Environmental Programs.''
 b. Applications must show proof of mailing or shipping by one of
the following:
 (1) A legibly dated U.S. Postal Service (USPS) postmark;
 (2) A legible mail receipt with the date of mailing stamped by the
USPS; or,
 (3) A dated shipping label, invoice, or receipt from a commercial
carrier.
 c. If a deadline date falls on a weekend, it will be extended to
the following Monday. If the date falls on a Federal holiday, it will
be extended to the next business day.
 d. Due to screening procedures at the Department of Agriculture,
packages arriving via the USPS are irradiated, which can damage the
contents and delay delivery. RUS encourages applicants to consider the
impact of this procedure in selecting an application delivery method.
2. Submitting Electronic Applications
 a. Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail.
 b. Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if submitted
through Grants.gov at http://www.grants.gov.
 c. Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to use
the electronic applications option. Application information may be
downloaded from Grants.gov without preregistration.
 d. Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their
electronic applications before the deadline.
 e. Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required passwords,
credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at Grants.gov for
registering and submitting an electronic application.
 f. Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number
and an active registration in SAM. See the ``Checklist of Items in
Completed Application Packages'' for instructions on obtaining a DUNS
number and registering in the SAM.

[[Page 7408]]

g. You must be registered with Grants.gov before you can submit an
electronic grant application.
 (1) You must register at http://www.grants.gov/applicants/get_registered.jsp.
 (2) Organization registration user guides and checklists are
available at http://www.grants.gov/applicants/get_registered.jsp.
 (3) Grants.gov requires some credentialing and online
authentication procedures. When an applicant organization is registered
with SAM, the organization designates a point of contract who receives
a password authorizing the person to designate staff members who are
allowed to submit applications electronically through Grants.gov. These
authorized organization representatives must be registered with
Grants.gov to receive a username and password to submit applications.
These procedures may take several business days to complete.
 (4) Some or all of the SAM and Grants.gov registration,
credentialing and authorizations require updates. If you have
previously registered at Grants.gov to submit applications
electronically, please ensure that your registration, credentialing and
authorizations are up to date well in advance of the grant application
deadline.
 h. To use Grants.gov:
 (1) Follow the instructions on the Web site to find grant
information.
 (2) Download a copy of an application package.
 (3) Complete the package off-line.
 (4) Upload and submit the application via the Grants.gov Web site.
 (5) If a system problem or technical difficulty occurs with an
electronic application, please use the customer support resources
available at the Grants.gov Web site.
 (6) Again, RUS encourages applicants to take early action to
complete the sign-up, credentialing and authorization procedures at
http://www.grants.gov before submitting an application at the Web site.

E. Deadlines

The deadline for paper and electronic submissions is April 13,
2015. Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or
sent overnight no later than the closing date to be considered for FY
2015 grant funding. Electronic applications must have an electronic
date and time stamp by midnight of April 13, 2015 to be considered on
time. RUS will not accept applications by fax or email. Applications
that do not meet the criteria above will be considered late
applications and will not be considered. RUS will notify each late
applicant that its application will not be considered.

F. Funding Restrictions

1. Eligible Grant Purposes
 a. Grant funds must be used to establish and maintain a revolving
loan fund to provide loans to eligible individuals for household water
well systems.
 b. Individuals may use the loans to construct, refurbish,
rehabilitate, or replace household water well systems up to the point
of entry of a home. Point of entry for the well system is the junction
where water enters into a home water delivery system after being pumped
from a well.
 c. Grant funds may be used to pay administrative expenses
associated with providing Household Water Well loans.
2. Ineligible Grant Purposes
 a. Administrative expenses incurred in any calendar year that
exceed 10 percent of the household water well loans made during the
same period do not qualify for reimbursement.
 b. Administrative expenses incurred before RUS executes a grant
agreement with the recipient do not qualify for reimbursement.
 c. Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government does not qualify
for reimbursement.
 d. Grant funds may not be used to provide loans for household sewer
or septic systems.
 e. Household Water Well loans may not be used to pay the costs of
water well systems for the construction of a new house.
 f. Household Water Well loans may not be used to pay the costs of a
home plumbing system.

V. Application Review Information

A. Criteria

This section contains instructions and guidelines on preparing the
project proposal, work plan, and budget sections of the application.
Also, guidelines are provided on the additional information required
for RUS to determine eligibility and financial feasibility.
 1. Project Proposal. The project proposal should outline the
project in sufficient detail to provide a reader with a complete
understanding of the loan program. Explain what will be accomplished by
lending funds to individual well owners. Demonstrate the feasibility of
the proposed loan program in meeting the objectives of this grant
program. The proposal should include the following elements:
 a. Project Summary. Present a brief project overview. Explain the
purpose of the project, how it relates to RUS' purposes, how the
project will be executed, what the project will produce, and who will
direct it.
 b. Needs Assessment. To show why the project is necessary, clearly
identify the economic, social, financial, or other problems that
require solutions. Demonstrate the well owners' need for financial and
technical assistance. Quantify the number of prospective borrowers or
provide statistical or narrative evidence that a sufficient number of
borrowers will exist to justify the grant award. Describe the service
area. Provide information on the household income of the area and other
demographical information. Address community needs.
 c. Project Goals and Objectives. Clearly state the project goals.
The objectives should clearly describe the goals and be concrete and
specific enough to be quantitative or observable. They should also be
feasible and relate to the purpose of the grant and loan program.
 d. Project Narrative. The narrative should cover in more detail the
items briefly described in the Project Summary. Demonstrate the grant
applicant's experience and expertise in promoting the safe and
productive use of individually-owned household water well systems. The
narrative should address the following points:
 (1) Document the grant applicant's ability to manage and service a
revolving fund. The narrative may describe the systems that are in
place for the full life cycle of a loan from loan origination through
servicing. If a servicing contractor will service the loan portfolio,
the arrangement and services provided must be discussed.
 (2) Show evidence of the availability of funds from sources other
than the HWWS grant. Describe the contributions the project will
receive from your organization, state agencies, local government, other
federal agencies, non-government organizations, private industry, and
individuals. The documentation should describe how the contributions
will be used to pay your operational costs and provide financial
assistance for projects.
 (3) Demonstrate that the organization has secured commitments of
significant financial support from other funding sources.
 (4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be assessed.
 2. Work Plan. The work plan or scope of work must describe the
tasks and activities that will be accomplished with available resources
during the

[[Page 7409]]

grant period. It must include who will carry out the activities and
services to be performed and specific timeframes for completion.
Describe any unusual or unique features of the project such as
innovations, reductions in cost or time, or extraordinary community
involvement.
 3. Budget and Budget Justification. Use the Form SF-424A, Budget
Information--Non-Construction Programs, to show your budget cost
elements. The form summarizes resources as Federal and non-Federal
funds and costs. ``Federal'' refers only to the HWWS Grant Program for
which you are applying. ``Non-Federal'' refers to resources from your
organization, state agencies, local government, other Federal agencies,
non-government organizations, private industry, and individuals. Both
Federal and non-Federal resources shall be detailed and justified in
the budget and narrative justification.
 a. Provide a budget with line item detail and detailed calculations
for each budget object class identified in section B of the Budget
Information form (SF-424A). Detailed calculations must include
estimation methods, quantities, unit costs, and other similar
quantitative detail sufficient for the calculation to be duplicated.
Also include a breakout by the funding sources identified in Block 15
of the SF-424.
 b. Provide a narrative budget justification that describes how the
categorical costs are derived for all capital and administrative
expenditures, the matching contribution, and other sources of funds
necessary to complete the project. Discuss the necessity,
reasonableness, and allocability of the proposed costs. Consult OMB
Circular A-122: ``Cost Principles for Non-Profit Organizations'', and
any successor OMB guidance for information about appropriate costs for
each budget category.
 c. If the grant applicant will use a servicing contractor, the fees
may be reimbursed as an administrative expense as provided in 7 CFR
1776.13. These fees must be discussed in the budget narrative. If the
grant applicant will hire a servicing contractor, it must demonstrate
that all procurement transactions will be conducted in a manner to
provide, to the maximum extent practical, open and free competition.
Recipients must justify any anticipated procurement action that is
expected to be awarded without competition and exceed the simplified
acquisition threshold fixed at 41 U.S.C. 134 (currently set at
$100,000).
 d. The indirect cost category should be used only when the grant
applicant currently has an indirect cost rate approved by the
Department of Agriculture or another cognizant Federal agency. A grant
applicant that will charge indirect costs to the grant must enclose a
copy of the current rate agreement. If the grant applicant is in the
process of initially developing or renegotiating a rate, the grant
applicant shall submit its indirect cost proposal to the cognizant
agency immediately after the applicant is advised that an award will be
made. In no event, shall the indirect cost proposal be submitted later
than three months after the effective date of the award. Consult OMB
Circular A-122 and any successor OMB guidance for information about
indirect costs.
 4. Evidence of Legal Authority and Existence. The applicant must
provide satisfactory documentation that it is legally recognized under
state or Tribal and Federal law as a private non-profit organization.
The documentation also must show that it has the authority to enter
into a grant agreement with the RUS and to perform the activities
proposed under the grant application. Satisfactory documentation
includes, but is not limited to, certificates from the Secretary of
State, copies of state/Tribal statutes or laws establishing your
organization, and copies of your organization's articles of
incorporation and bylaws. Letters from IRS awarding tax-exempt status
are not considered adequate evidence.
 5. List of Directors and Officers. The applicant must submit a
certified list of directors and officers with their respective terms.
 6. IRS Tax Exempt Status. The applicant must submit evidence of tax
exempt status from the Internal Revenue Service.
 7. Financial Information and Sustainability. The applicant must
submit pro forma balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow
statements for the last three years and projections for three years.
Additionally, the most recent audit of the applicant's organization
must be submitted.

B. Evaluation Criteria

Grant applications that are complete and eligible will be scored
competitively based on the following scoring criteria:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Scoring criteria Points
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Degree of expertise and experience Up to 30 points.
 in promoting the safe and
 productive use of individually-
 owned household water well systems
 and ground water.
Degree of expertise and successful Up to 20 points.
 experience in making and servicing
 loans to individuals.
Percentage of applicant
 contributions. Points allowed
 under this paragraph will be based
 on written evidence of the
 availability of funds from sources
 other than the proceeds of a HWWS
 grant to pay part of the cost of a
 loan recipient's project. In-kind
 contributions will not be
 considered. Funds from other
 sources as a percentage of the
 HWWS grant and points
 corresponding to such percentages
 are as follows:
 0 to 9 percent................. ineligible.
 10 to 25 percent............... 5 points.
 26 to 30 percent............... 10 points.
 31 to 50 percent............... 15 points.
 51 percent or more............. 20 points.
Extent to which the work plan Up to 20 points.
 demonstrates a well thought out,
 comprehensive approach to
 accomplishing the objectives of
 this part, clearly defines who
 will be served by the project, and
 appears likely to be sustainable.
Extent to which the goals and Up to 10 points.
 objectives are clearly defined,
 tied to the work plan, and
 measurable.
Lowest ratio of projected Up to 10 points.
 administrative expenses to loans
 advanced.
Administrator's discretion,
 considering such factors as:
 Creative outreach ideas for Up to 10 points.
 marketing HWWS loans to rural
 residents; factors include:.

[[Page 7410]]


 1. Directs loans to rural
 areas where according to
 the American Community
 Survey data by census
 tracts show that at least
 20 percent of the
 population is living in
 poverty. This emphasis
 will support Rural
 Development's goal of
 providing 20 percent of
 its funding by 2016 to
 these areas of need.
 2. Directs loans to areas
 that lack running water,
 flush toilets, and modern
 sewage disposal systems,
 and areas that have open
 sewers and high rates of
 disease caused by poor
 sanitation, in particular,
 colonias or Substantially
 Underserved Trust Areas.
 3. Directs loans to areas
 stricken by drought.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

C. Review Standards

1. Incomplete applications as of the deadline for submission will
not be considered. If an application is determined to be incomplete,
the applicant will be notified in writing and the application will be
returned with no further action.
 2. Ineligible applications will be returned to the applicant with
an explanation.
 3. Complete, eligible applications will be evaluated competitively
by a review team, composed of at least two RUS employees selected from
the Water Programs Division. They will make overall recommendations
based on the program elements found in 7 CFR part 1776 and the review
criteria presented in this notice. They will award points as described
in the scoring criteria in 7 CFR 1776.9 and this notice. Each
application will receive a score based on the averages of the
reviewers' scores and discretionary points awarded by the RUS
Administrator.
 4. Applications will be ranked and grants awarded in rank order
until all grant funds are expended.
 5. Regardless of the score an application receives, if RUS
determines that the project is technically infeasible, RUS will notify
the applicant, in writing, and the application will be returned with no
further action.

VI. Award Administration Information

A. Award Notices

RUS will notify a successful applicant by an award letter
accompanied by a grant agreement. The grant agreement will contain the
terms and conditions for the grant. The applicant must execute and
return the grant agreement, accompanied by any additional items
required by the award letter or grant agreement.

B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

1. This notice, the 7 CFR part 1776, and the Application Guide
implement the appropriate administrative and national policy
requirements.
 2. Direct Federal grants, sub-award funds, or contracts under the
HWWS Grant Program shall not be used to fund inherently religious
activities, such as worship, religious instruction, or proselytization.
Therefore, organizations that receive direct assistance should take
steps to separate, in time or location, their inherently religious
activities from the services funded under the HWWS Grant Program.
Regulations for the Equal Treatment for Faith-based Organizations are
contained in 7 CFR part 16, which includes the prohibition against
Federal funding of inherently religious activities.

C. Reporting

1. Performance Reporting. All recipients of HWWS Grant Program
financial assistance must provide quarterly performance activity
reports to RUS until the project is complete and the funds are
expended. A final performance report is also required. The final report
may serve as the last annual report. The final report must include an
evaluation of the success of the project.
 2. Financial Reporting. All recipients of HWWS Grant Program
financial assistance must provide an annual audit, beginning with the
first year a portion of the financial assistance is expended. The
grantee will provide an audit report or financial statements as
follows:
 a. Grantees expending $500,000 or more Federal funds per fiscal
year will submit an audit conducted in accordance with OMB Circular A-
133 or any successor OMB guidance. The audit will be submitted within 9
months after the grantee's fiscal year. Additional audits may be
required if the project period covers more than one fiscal year.
 b. Grantees expending less than $500,000 will provide annual
financial statements covering the grant period, consisting of the
organization's statement of income and expense and balance sheet signed
by an appropriate official of the organization. Financial statements
will be submitted within 90 days after the grantee's fiscal year.
 3. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting. The applicant must have
the necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the
reporting requirements for first-tier sub-awards and executive
compensation under the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency
Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives funding unless such
applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements pursuant to 2 CFR
part 170 Section 170.110(b). The reporting requirements under the
Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are as follows:
 a. First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act
funds (unless they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by
the Recipient to http://www.fsrs.gov no later than the end of the month
following the month the obligation was made.
 b. The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (5 most
highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if
the Recipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ by the end of the month following the
month in which the award was made.
 c. The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (5 most
highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Subrecipient (if
the Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to the
Recipient by the end of the month following the month in which the
subaward was made.

VII. Agency Contacts

A. Web site: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm.
 B. Phone: 202-720-0499.
 C. Fax: 202-690-0649.
 D. Email: JoyceM.Taylor@wdc.usda.gov
 E. Main point of contact: Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs
Specialist, Water Programs Division, Water and Environmental Programs,
RUS, U.S. Department of Agriculture.

VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement

USDA Non-Discrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination
against its customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the
bases of race, color, national origin, age, disability, sex, gender
identity, religion, reprisal, and where applicable, political beliefs,
marital status, familial or parental status, sexual orientation, or all

[[Page 7411]]

or part of an individual's income is derived from any public assistance
program, or protected genetic information in employment or in any
program or activity conducted or funded by the Department. (Not all
prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)

How To File a Complaint

If you wish to file an employment complaint, you must contact your
agency's EEO Counselor within 45 days of the date of the alleged
discriminatory act, event, or in the case of a personnel action.
Additional information can be found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.
 If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of
discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form
(PDF), found online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or
at any USDA office, or call (866) 632-
9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing all of
the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint
form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at
program.intake@usda.gov

Persons With Disabilities

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech
disabilities and you wish to file either an EEO or program complaint
please contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339
or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).
 Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint,
please see information above on how to contact us by mail directly or
by email. If you require alternative means of communication for program
information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please
contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

Dated: January 6, 2015.
Jasper Schneider,
Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.
[FR Doc. 2015-02680 Filed 2-9-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      News-Topic (Lenoir, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 11, 2013 Tuesday

Grant will extend sewer service to 66 Sawmills households

BYLINE: Meghan Frick, News-Topic, Lenoir, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 257 words


June 11--SAWMILLS -- Soon, people in 66 Sawmills households will no longer feel
the effects of the failing septic system in the Duff Drive area.

Town officials were notified on Friday the town will receive a $750,000
Community Development Block grant for new sewer infrastructure in that area.

Those 66 households -- on Jay Street, Oxford Drive, Gatewood Drive, Maggie Lane
and Duff Drive -- have never had sewer infrastructure, and the privately owned
septic systems they rely on are failing.

Fixing failing septic systems is a top priority in Sawmills, Town Administrator
Seth Eckard said -- largely because the failing systems are a health hazard.

"Human sewage is loaded with pathogens that can threaten the health of people
who swim in polluted water or drink contaminated well water," Eckard said.
"Human waste has to go somewhere, and if a septic system is failing, it won't
just disappear."

The issue isn't only a concern in the Duff Drive area. Currently, about a third
(33 percent) of town residents are served by the town's sewer lines, and failing
septic systems are a concern throughout Sawmills, Eckard said.

Construction on the Duff Drive lines will likely begin in six to eight months,
Eckard said. And the town will continue to seek grant money to broaden its sewer
system to other areas.

"Building and extending new sewer infrastructure is one of Sawmills' highest
priorities," he said.

___ (c)2013 the News-Topic (Lenoir, N.C.) Visit the News-Topic (Lenoir, N.C.) at
http://www.newstopic.net/ Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130611-QL-Grant-will-extend-sewer-service-to-66-Sawmills-households
-0611-20130611

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QL


                           Copyright 2013 News-Topic


                              28 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

Arizona: Applications: Household Water Well System Grant Program: Announcement
of Deadlines and Funding

LENGTH: 7073  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of The Treasury has issued the following news release:

Summary

The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Household Water Well System
Grant Program (HWWS) application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2015. RUS will make
grants to qualified private non-profit organizations to establish lending
programs for homeowners to borrow up to $11,000 to construct or repair household
water wells for an existing home. The HWWS Grant Program is authorized under 7
U.S.C. 1926e. Regulations may be found at 7 CFR part 1776. Of particular note
this year, the RUS will assign administrative discretion points to applications
that:

1. Direct loans to rural areas where according to the American Community Survey
data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living
in poverty. This emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20
percent of its funding by 2016 to these areas of need.

2. Direct loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets, and modern
sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of
disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas.

3. Direct loans to areas stricken by drought.

RUS will publish on its Web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm the amount of funding
received in the final FY2015 Appropriations Act. Successful applications will be
selected by the Agency for funding and subsequently awarded to the extent that
funding may ultimately be made available to the Agency through appropriations.
Dates

The deadline for completed applications for a HWWS grant is April 13, 2015.
Applications in either paper or electronic format must be postmarked or
time-stamped electronically on or beforethe deadline. Late applications will be
ineligible for grant consideration.
Addresses

Submit applications to the following addresses:

1. Electronic applications: http://www.grants.gov (Grants.gov). Submit
electronic applications through Grants.gov, following the instructions on that
Web site.

2. Paper applications: Water Programs Division, Rural Utilities Service, STOP:
1570, Room 2233-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570.

Obtain application guides and materials for the HWWS Grant Program
electronically or in paper format from the following addresses:

1. Electronic copies: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm.

2. Paper copies: Write Water Programs Division, Rural Utilities Service, STOP:
1570, Room 2233-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570 or
call (202) 720-9589.
For Further Information Contact

Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs Specialist, Water Programs Division, Water
and Environmental Programs. Telephone: (202) 720-9589, fax: (202) 690-0649,
email: JoyceM.Taylor@wdc.usda.gov
Supplementary Information
Overview

Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service.

Funding Opportunity Title: HWWS Grant Program.

Announcement Type: Solicitation of Applications.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.862.

Due Date for Applications: April 13, 2015.
Items in Supplementary Information

I. Funding Opportunity: Description of the HWWS Grant Program.

II. Award Information: To be determined.

III. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of projects are
eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.

IV. Application and Submission Information : Where to get application materials,
what constitutes a completed application, how and where to submit applications,
deadlines, items that are eligible.

V. Application Review Information: Considerations and preferences, scoring
criteria, review standards, selection information.

VI. Award Administration Information: Award notice information, award recipient
reporting requirements.

VII. Agency Contacts: Web, phone, fax, email, contact name.

VIII. Non-discrimination Statement: USDA non-discrimination statement, how to
file a complaint, persons with disabilities.
I. Funding Opportunity
A. Program Description

The HWWS Grant Program has been established to help individuals with low to
moderate incomes finance the costs of household water wells that they own or
will own. The HWWS Grant Program is authorized under Section 306E of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT), 7 U.S.C. 1926e. The CONACT
authorizes the RUS to make grants to qualified private non-profit organizations
to establish lending programs for household water wells.

As the grant recipients, private non-profit organizations will receive HWWS
grants to establish lending programs that will provide water well loans to
individuals. The individuals, as loan recipients, may use the loans to
construct, refurbish, and service their household well systems. A loan may not
exceed $11,000 and will have a term up to 20 years at a one percent annual
interest rate.
B. Background

The RUS supports the sound development of rural communities and the growth of
our economy without endangering the environment. The RUS provides financial and
technical assistance to help communities bring safe drinking water and sanitary,
environmentally sound waste disposal facilities to Rural Americans in greatest
need.

Central water systems may not be the only or best solution to drinking water
problems. Distance or physical barriers make public central water systems costly
to deploy in remote areas. A significant number of geographically isolated
households without water service might require individual wells rather than
connections to new or existing community systems. The goal of the RUS is not
only to make funds available to those communities most in need of potable water
but also to ensure that facilities used to deliver drinking water are safe and
affordable. There is a role for private wells in reaching this goal.
C. Purpose

The purpose of the HWWS Grant Program is to provide funds to private non-profit
organizations to assist them in establishing loan programs from which
individuals may borrow money for HWWS. Faith-based organizations are eligible
and encouraged to apply for this program. Applicants must show that the project
will provide technical and financial assistance to eligible individuals to
remedy household well problems.

Due to the limited amount of funds available under the HWWS Grant Program in
previous fiscal years, the RUS expects that 10 applications may be funded from
FY 2015 funds. Applications from existing HWWS grant recipients are acceptable
and will be evaluated as new applications.
II. Award Information

Funding Instrument Type: Grant.

Available funds: To be determined. This Notice is being issued prior to passage
of a final appropriations act to allow potential applicants time to submit
proposals and give the Agency time to process applications within the current
fiscal year. RUS will publish on its Web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm the amount of funding
received in the final FY2015 Appropriations Act.

Anticipated Number of Awards: 10.

Length of Project Periods: 12-month project.

Assistance Instrument: Grant Agreement with successful applicants before any
grant funds are disbursed.
III. Eligibility Information
A. Who is eligible for grants?

1. An organization is eligible to receive a HWWS grant if it:

a. Has an active registration with current information in the System for Award
Management (SAM) (formerly Central Contractor Registry, (CCR)) and has a Dun and
Bradstreet (D&B) Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number.

b. Is a private, non-profit organization.

c. Is legally established and located within one of the following:

(1) A state within the United States

(2) The District of Columbia

(3) The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico

(4) A United States territory.

d. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant purpose.

e. Has sufficient expertise and experience in lending activities.

f. Has sufficient expertise and experience in promoting the safe and productive
use of individually-owned HWWS and ground water.

g. Has no delinquent debt to the Federal Government or no outstanding judgments
to repay a Federal debt.

h. Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and managerial
capability to comply with Federal and State laws and requirements, and

i. Is not a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had an officeror
agent acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a felony) within the past
24 months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid federal tax liability that has
been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been
exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant
to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability
is not eligible.

2. An individual is ineligible to receive a Household Water Well grant. An
individual may receive a loan from an organization receiving a grant award.
B. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?

1. Project Eligibility. To be eligible for a grant, the project must:

a. Be a revolving loan fund created to provide loans to eligible individuals to
construct, refurbish, and service individually-owned HWWS (see 7 CFR 1776.11 and
1776.12). Loans may not be provided for home sewer or septic system projects.

b. Be established and maintained by a private, non-profit organization.

c. Be located in a rural area. Rural area is defined as locations other than
cities or towns of more than 50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent
urbanized area of such towns and cities.

2. Required Matching Contributions. Grant applicants must provide written
evidence of a matching contribution of at least 10 percent from sources other
than the proceeds of a HWWS grant. In-kind contributions will not be considered
for the matching requirement. Please see 7 CFR 1776.9 for the requirement.

3. Other--Requirements.

a. DUNS Number. The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data
Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The Standard
Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The applicant can obtain
the DUNS number free of charge by calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please see
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more information on how to obtain a DUNS
number or how to verify your organization's number.

b. Prior to submitting an application, the applicant must register in the System
for Award Management (SAM) (formerly Central Contractor Registry, (CCR)).

(1) Applicants may register for the SAM at
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.

(2) The SAM registration must remain active with current information at all
times while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal Grant Award or
loan is active. To maintain the registration in the SAM database the applicant
must review and update the information in the SAM database annually from date of
initial registration or from the date of the last update. The applicant must
ensure that the information in the database is current, accurate, and complete.

c. Eligibility to receive a HWWS loan will be based on the following criteria:

(1) An individual must be a member of a household of which the combined
household income of all members does not exceed 100 percent of the median
non-metropolitan household income for the State or territory in which the
individual resides. Household income is the total income from all sources
received by each adult household member for the most recent 12-month period for
which the information is available. It does not include income earned or
received by dependent children under 18 years old or other benefits that are
excluded by Federal law. The non-metropolitan household income must be based on
the most recent decennial census of the United States.

RUS publishes a list of income exclusions in 7 CFR 3550.54(b). Also, the
Department of Housing and Urban Development published a list of income
exclusions in theFederal Registeron May 20, 2014, at 79 FR 28938 (See"Federally
Mandated Exclusions").

(2) The loan recipient must own and occupy the home being improved with the
proceeds of the Household Water Well loan or be purchasing the home to occupy
under a legally enforceable land purchase contract which is not in default by
either the seller or the purchaser.

(3) The home being improved with the water well system must be located in a
rural area.

(4) The loan for a water well system must not be associated with the
construction of a new dwelling.

(5) The loan must not be used to substitute a water well system for water
service available from collective water systems. (For example, a loan may not be
used to restore an old well abandoned when a dwelling was connected to a water
district's water line.)

(6) The loan recipient must not be suspended or debarred from participation in
Federal programs.
IV. Application and Submission Information
A. Where To Get Application Information

The Household Water Well System Grant Application Guide (Application Guide),
copies of necessary forms and samples, and the HWWS Grant Program regulation are
available from these sources:

1. Internet for electronic copies: http://www.grants.gov or
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm;

2. Water and Environmental Programs for paper copies: RUS, Water Programs
Division, STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Washington, DC
20250-1570, Telephone: (202) 720-9589, Fax: (202) 690-0649.
B. Content and Form of Application Submission
1. Rules and Guidelines

a. Detailed information on each item required can be found in the HWWS Grant
Program regulation (7 CFR part 1776) and the Application Guide. Applicants are
strongly encouraged to read and apply both the regulation and the Application
Guide. This Notice does not change the requirements for a completed application
for any form of HWWS financial assistance specified in the regulation. The
regulation and Application Guide provide specific guidance on each of the items
listed.

b. Applications should be prepared in conformance with the provisions in 7 CFR
part 1776, subpart B, and departmental and other applicable regulations
including 2 CFR parts 180, 182, 417, 421, 7 CFR parts 3015, 3018, 3019, and 3052
or any successor regulations. Applicants should use the Application Guide which
contains instructions and other important information in preparing their
application. Completed applications must include the items found in the
checklist in the next paragraph.
2. Checklist of Items in Completed Application Packages

a. DUNS Number. The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data
Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The Standard
Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The applicant can obtain
the DUNS number free of charge by calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please see
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more information on how to obtain a DUNS
number or how to verify your organization's number.

b. Prior to submitting an application, the applicant must register in the System
for Award Management (SAM) (formerly Central Contractor Registry (CCR).

(1) Applicants may register for the SAM at:
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.

(2) The SAM registration must remain active with current information at all
times while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal Grant Award or
loan is active. To maintain the registration in the SAM database the applicant
must review and update the information in the SAM database annually from date of
initial registration or from the date of the last update. The applicant must
ensure that the information in the database is current, accurate, and complete.

(3) Your organization must be listed in the SAM. If you have not used Grants.gov
before, you will need to register with the SAM and the Credential Provider. New
registrations can take 3-5 business days to process. Updating or renewing an
active registration has a shorter turnaround, 24 hours. Registrations in SAM are
active for one year. The SAM registers your organization, housing your
organizational information and allowing Grants.gov to use the information to
verify your identity. The DUNS number, Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), and
name and address of the applicant organization must match SAM data files.

c. The electronic and paper application process requires forms with the prefixes
RD and SF as well as supporting documents and certifications.
Application Items

(1) SF-424, "Application for Federal Assistance".

(2) SF-424A, "Budget Information--Non-Construction Programs".

(3) SF-424B, "Assurances--Non-Construction Programs".

(4) SF-LLL, "Disclosure of Lobbying Activity".

(5) Form RD 400-1, "Equal Opportunity Agreement".

(6) Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil Rights Act of
1964).

(7) Project Proposal, Project Summary, Needs Assessment, Project Goals and
Objectives, Project Narrative.

(8) Work Plan.

(9) Budget and Budget Justification.

(10) Evidence of Legal Authority and Existence.

(11) Documentation of private non-profit status and Internal Revenue Service
(IRS). Tax Exempt Status.

(12) List of Directors and Officers.

(13) Financial information and sustainability (narrative).

(14) Assurances and Certifications of Compliance with Other Federal Statutes.

The forms in items 1 through 6 must be completed and signed where appropriate by
an official of your organization who has authority to obligate the organization
legally. RD forms are used by programs under the Rural Development mission area.
Standard forms (SF) are used Government-wide. In addition to the sources listed
in section A, the forms may be accessed electronically through the Rural
Development Web site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/FormsAndPublications.html.

See section V, "Application Review Information," for instructions and guidelines
on preparing Items 7 through 13.

3. Compliance with Other Federal Statutes. The applicant must provide evidence
of compliance with other Federal statutes and regulations, including, but not
limited to the following:

a. 7 CFR part 15, subpart A--Nondiscrimination in Federally Assisted Programs of
the Department of Agriculture--Effectuation of Title VI of the Civil Rights Act
of 1964.

b. 2 CFR part 417--Governmentwide Debarment and Suspension (Non-procurement), or
any successor regulations.

c. 7 CFR part 3052--Audits of States, Local Governments, and Non-profit
Organizations, or any successor regulations.

d. Subpart B of 2 CFR part 421, which adopts the Government wide implementation
(2 CFR part 182) of the Drug-Free Workplace Act.

e. Executive Order 13166, "Improving Access to Services for Persons with Limited
English Proficiency. " For information on limited English proficiency and
agency-specific guidance, go to http://www.LEP.gov.

f. Federal Obligation Certification on Delinquent Debt.
C. How many copies of an application are required?

1. Applications Submitted on Paper. Submit one signed original and two
additional copies. The original and each of the two copies must include all
required forms, certifications, assurances, and appendices, be signed by an
authorized representative, and have original signatures. Do not include
organizational brochures or promotional materials.

2. Applications Submitted Electronically. Additional paper copies are
unnecessary if the application is submitted electronically through http://www.
grants.gov.
D. How and Where To Submit an Application
1. Submitting Paper Applications

a. For paper applications, mail or ensure delivery of an original paper
application (no stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures) and two copies by
the deadline date to: RUS, Water Programs Division, STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570, Telephone: (202) 720-9589.

Submit paper applications marked "Attention: Water and Environmental Programs."

b. Applications must show proof of mailing or shipping by one of the following:

(1) A legibly dated U.S. Postal Service (USPS) postmark;

(2) A legible mail receipt with the date of mailing stamped by the USPS; or,

(3) A dated shipping label, invoice, or receipt from a commercial carrier.

c. If a deadline date falls on a weekend, it will be extended to the following
Monday. If the date falls on a Federal holiday, it will be extended to the next
business day.

d. Due to screening procedures at the Department of Agriculture, packages
arriving via the USPS are irradiated, which can damage the contents and delay
delivery. RUS encourages applicants to consider the impact of this procedure in
selecting an application delivery method.
2. Submitting Electronic Applications

a. Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail.

b. Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if submitted through
Grants.gov at http://www.grants.gov.

c. Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to use the
electronic applications option. Application information may be downloaded from
Grants.gov without preregistration.

d. Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their electronic
applications before the deadline.

e. Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required passwords,
credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at Grants.gov for
registering and submitting an electronic application.

f. Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number and an active
registration in SAM. See the "Checklist of Items in Completed Application
Packages" for instructions on obtaining a DUNS number and registering in the
SAM.

g. You must be registered with Grants.gov before you can submit an electronic
grant application.

(1) You must register at http://www.grants.gov/applicants/get_registered.jsp.

(2) Organization registration user guides and checklists are available at
http://www.grants.gov/applicants/get_registered.jsp.

(3) Grants.gov requires some credentialing and online authentication procedures.
When an applicant organization is registered with SAM, the organization
designates a point of contract who receives a password authorizing the person to
designate staff members who are allowed to submit applications electronically
through Grants.gov. These authorized organization representatives must be
registered with Grants.gov to receive a username and password to submit
applications. These procedures may take several business days to complete.

(4) Some or all of the SAM and Grants.gov registration, credentialing and
authorizations require updates. If you have previously registered at Grants.gov
to submit applications electronically, please ensure that your registration,
credentialing and authorizations are up to date well in advance of the grant
application deadline.

h. To use Grants.gov:

(1) Follow the instructions on the Web site to find grant information.

(2) Download a copy of an application package.

(3) Complete the package off-line.

(4) Upload and submit the application via the Grants.gov Web site.

(5) If a system problem or technical difficulty occurs with an electronic
application, please use the customer support resources available at the Grants.
gov Web site.

(6) Again, RUS encourages applicants to take early action to complete the
sign-up, credentialing and authorization procedures at http://www.grants.gov
before submitting an application at the Web site.
E. Deadlines

The deadline for paper and electronic submissions is April 13, 2015. Paper
applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later
than the closing date to be considered for FY 2015 grant funding. Electronic
applications must have an electronic date and time stamp by midnight of April
13, 2015 to be considered on time. RUS will not accept applications by fax or
email. Applications that do not meet the criteria above will be considered late
applications and will not be considered. RUS will notify each late applicant
that its application will not be considered.
F. Funding Restrictions
1. Eligible Grant Purposes

a. Grant funds must be used to establish and maintain a revolving loan fund to
provide loans to eligible individuals for household water well systems.

b. Individuals may use the loans to construct, refurbish, rehabilitate, or
replace household water well systems up to the point of entry of a home. Point
of entry for the well system is the junction where water enters into a home
water delivery system after being pumped from a well.

c. Grant funds may be used to pay administrative expenses associated with
providing Household Water Well loans.
2. Ineligible Grant Purposes

a. Administrative expenses incurred in any calendar year that exceed 10 percent
of the household water well loans made during the same period do not qualify for
reimbursement.

b. Administrative expenses incurred before RUS executes a grant agreement with
the recipient do not qualify for reimbursement.

c. Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government does not qualify for
reimbursement.

d. Grant funds may not be used to provide loans for household sewer or septic
systems.

e. Household Water Well loans may not be used to pay the costs of water well
systems for the construction of a new house.

f. Household Water Well loans may not be used to pay the costs of a home
plumbing system.
V. Application Review Information
A. Criteria

This section contains instructions and guidelines on preparing the project
proposal, work plan, and budget sections of the application. Also, guidelines
are provided on the additional information required for RUS to determine
eligibility and financial feasibility.

1. Project Proposal. The project proposal should outline the project in
sufficient detail to provide a reader with a complete understanding of the loan
program. Explain what will be accomplished by lending funds to individual well
owners. Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed loan program in meeting the
objectives of this grant program. The proposal should include the following
elements:

a. Project Summary. Present a brief project overview. Explain the purpose of the
project, how it relates to RUS' purposes, how the project will be executed, what
the project will produce, and who will direct it.

b. Needs Assessment. To show why the project is necessary, clearly identify the
economic, social, financial, or other problems that require solutions.
Demonstrate the well owners' need for financial and technical assistance.
Quantify the number of prospective borrowers or provide statistical or narrative
evidence that a sufficient number of borrowers will exist to justify the grant
award. Describe the service area. Provide information on the household income of
the area and other demographical information. Address community needs.

c. Project Goals and Objectives. Clearly state the project goals. The objectives
should clearly describe the goals and be concrete and specific enough to be
quantitative or observable. They should also be feasible and relate to the
purpose of the grant and loan program.

d. Project Narrative. The narrative should cover in more detail the items
briefly described in the Project Summary. Demonstrate the grant applicant's
experience and expertise in promoting the safe and productive use of
individually-owned household water well systems. The narrative should address
the following points:

(1) Document the grant applicant's ability to manage and service a revolving
fund. The narrative may describe the systems that are in place for the full life
cycle of a loan from loan origination through servicing. If a servicing
contractor will service the loan portfolio, the arrangement and services
provided must be discussed.

(2) Show evidence of the availability of funds from sources other than the HWWS
grant. Describe the contributions the project will receive from your
organization, state agencies, local government, other federal agencies,
non-government organizations, private industry, and individuals. The
documentation should describe how the contributions will be used to pay your
operational costs and provide financial assistance for projects.

(3) Demonstrate that the organization has secured commitments of significant
financial support from other funding sources.

(4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be assessed.

2. Work Plan. The work plan or scope of work must describe the tasks and
activities that will be accomplished with available resources during thegrant
period. It must include who will carry out the activities and services to be
performed and specific timeframes for completion. Describe any unusual or unique
features of the project such as innovations, reductions in cost or time, or
extraordinary community involvement.

3. Budget and Budget Justification. Use the Form SF-424A, Budget
Information--Non-Construction Programs, to show your budget cost elements. The
form summarizes resources as Federal and non-Federal funds and costs. "Federal"
refers only to the HWWS Grant Program for which you are applying. "Non-Federal"
refers to resources from your organization, state agencies, local government,
other Federal agencies, non-government organizations, private industry, and
individuals. Both Federal and non-Federal resources shall be detailed and
justified in the budget and narrative justification.

a. Provide a budget with line item detail and detailed calculations for each
budget object class identified in section B of the Budget Information form
(SF-424A). Detailed calculations must include estimation methods, quantities,
unit costs, and other similar quantitative detail sufficient for the calculation
to be duplicated. Also include a breakout by the funding sources identified in
Block 15 of the SF-424.

b. Provide a narrative budget justification that describes how the categorical
costs are derived for all capital and administrative expenditures, the matching
contribution, and other sources of funds necessary to complete the project.
Discuss the necessity, reasonableness, and allocability of the proposed costs.
Consult OMB Circular A-122: "Cost Principles for Non-Profit Organizations", and
any successor OMB guidance for information about appropriate costs for each
budget category.

c. If the grant applicant will use a servicing contractor, the fees may be
reimbursed as an administrative expense as provided in 7 CFR 1776.13. These fees
must be discussed in the budget narrative. If the grant applicant will hire a
servicing contractor, it must demonstrate that all procurement transactions will
be conducted in a manner to provide, to the maximum extent practical, open and
free competition. Recipients must justify any anticipated procurement action
that is expected to be awarded without competition and exceed the simplified
acquisition threshold fixed at 41 U.S.C. 134 (currently set at $100,000).

d. The indirect cost category should be used only when the grant applicant
currently has an indirect cost rate approved by the Department of Agriculture or
another cognizant Federal agency. A grant applicant that will charge indirect
costs to the grant must enclose a copy of the current rate agreement. If the
grant applicant is in the process of initially developing or renegotiating a
rate, the grant applicant shall submit its indirect cost proposal to the
cognizant agency immediately after the applicant is advised that an award will
be made. In no event, shall the indirect cost proposal be submitted later than
three months after the effective date of the award. Consult OMB Circular A-122
and any successor OMB guidance for information about indirect costs.

4. Evidence of Legal Authority and Existence. The applicant must provide
satisfactory documentation that it is legally recognized under state or Tribal
and Federal law as a private non-profit organization. The documentation also
must show that it has the authority to enter into a grant agreement with the RUS
and to perform the activities proposed under the grant application. Satisfactory
documentation includes, but is not limited to, certificates from the Secretary
of State, copies of state/Tribal statutes or laws establishing your
organization, and copies of your organization's articles of incorporation and
bylaws. Letters from IRS awarding tax-exempt status are not considered adequate
evidence.

5. List of Directors and Officers. The applicant must submit a certified list of
directors and officers with their respective terms.

6. IRS Tax Exempt Status. The applicant must submit evidence of tax exempt
status from the Internal Revenue Service.

7. Financial Information and Sustainability. The applicant must submit pro forma
balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow statements for the last three
years and projections for three years. Additionally, the most recent audit of
the applicant's organization must be submitted.
B. Evaluation Criteria

Grant applications that are complete and eligible will be scored competitively
based on the following scoring criteria:
Scoring criteria Points
Degree of expertise and experience in promoting the safe and productive use of
individually-owned household water well systems and ground water Up to 30
points.
Degree of expertise and successful experience in making and servicing loans to
individuals Up to 20 points.
Percentage of applicant contributions. Points allowed under this paragraph will
be based on written evidence of the availability of funds from sources other
than the proceeds of a HWWS grant to pay part of the cost of a loan recipient's
project. In-kind contributions will not be considered. Funds from other sources
as a percentage of the HWWS grant and points corresponding to such percentages
are as follows:
0 to 9 percent ineligible.
10 to 25 percent 5 points.
26 to 30 percent 10 points.
31 to 50 percent 15 points.
51 percent or more 20 points.
Extent to which the work plan demonstrates a well thought out, comprehensive
approach to accomplishing the objectives of this part, clearly defines who will
be served by the project, and appears likely to be sustainable Up to 20 points.
Extent to which the goals and objectives are clearly defined, tied to the work
plan, and measurable Up to 10 points.
Lowest ratio of projected administrative expenses to loans advanced Up to 10
points.
Administrator's discretion, considering such factors as:
Creative outreach ideas for marketing HWWS loans to rural residents; factors
include: Up to 10 points.
1. Directs loans to rural areas where according to the American Community Survey
data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living
in poverty. This emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20
percent of its funding by 2016 to these areas of need.
2. Directs loans to areas that lack running water, flush toilets, and modern
sewage disposal systems, and areas that have open sewers and high rates of
disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas.
3. Directs loans to areas stricken by drought.
C. Review Standards

1. Incomplete applications as of the deadline for submission will not be
considered. If an application is determined to be incomplete, the applicant will
be notified in writing and the application will be returned with no further
action.

2. Ineligible applications will be returned to the applicant with an
explanation.

3. Complete, eligible applications will be evaluated competitively by a review
team, composed of at least two RUS employees selected from the Water Programs
Division. They will make overall recommendations based on the program elements
found in 7 CFR part 1776 and the review criteria presented in this notice. They
will award points as described in the scoring criteria in 7 CFR 1776.9 and this
notice. Each application will receive a score based on the averages of the
reviewers' scores and discretionary points awarded by the RUS Administrator.

4. Applications will be ranked and grants awarded in rank order until all grant
funds are expended.

5. Regardless of the score an application receives, if RUS determines that the
project is technically infeasible, RUS will notify the applicant, in writing,
and the application will be returned with no further action.
VI. Award Administration Information
A. Award Notices

RUS will notify a successful applicant by an award letter accompanied by a grant
agreement. The grant agreement will contain the terms and conditions for the
grant. The applicant must execute and return the grant agreement, accompanied by
any additional items required by the award letter or grant agreement.
B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

1. This notice, the 7 CFR part 1776, and the Application Guide implement the
appropriate administrative and national policy requirements.

2. Direct Federal grants, sub-award funds, or contracts under the HWWS Grant
Program shall not be used to fund inherently religious activities, such as
worship, religious instruction, or proselytization. Therefore, organizations
that receive direct assistance should take steps to separate, in time or
location, their inherently religious activities from the services funded under
the HWWS Grant Program. Regulations for the Equal Treatment for Faith-based
Organizations are contained in 7 CFR part 16, which includes the prohibition
against Federal funding of inherently religious activities.
C. Reporting

1. Performance Reporting. All recipients of HWWS Grant Program financial
assistance must provide quarterly performance activity reports to RUS until the
project is complete and the funds are expended. A final performance report is
also required. The final report may serve as the last annual report. The final
report must include an evaluation of the success of the project.

2. Financial Reporting. All recipients of HWWS Grant Program financial
assistance must provide an annual audit, beginning with the first year a portion
of the financial assistance is expended. The grantee will provide an audit
report or financial statements as follows:

a. Grantees expending $500,000 or more Federal funds per fiscal year will submit
an audit conducted in accordance with OMB Circular A-133 or any successor OMB
guidance. The audit will be submitted within 9 months after the grantee's fiscal
year. Additional audits may be required if the project period covers more than
one fiscal year.

b. Grantees expending less than $500,000 will provide annual financial
statements covering the grant period, consisting of the organization's statement
of income and expense and balance sheet signed by an appropriate official of the
organization. Financial statements will be submitted within 90 days after the
grantee's fiscal year.

3. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting. The applicant must have the necessary
processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements for
first-tier sub-awards and executive compensation under the Federal Funding
Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives
funding unless such applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements
pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 Section 170.110(b). The reporting requirements under
the Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are as follows:

a. First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act funds (unless
they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to
http://www.fsrs.gov no later than the end of the month following the month the
obligation was made.

b. The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if the Recipient
meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ by the end of the month following the
month in which the award was made.

c. The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Subrecipient (if the
Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to the Recipient by the
end of the month following the month in which the subaward was made.
VII. Agency Contacts

A. Web site: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm.

B. Phone: 202-720-0499.

C. Fax: 202-690-0649.

D. Email: JoyceM.Taylor@wdc.usda.gov

E. Main point of contact: Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs Specialist, Water
Programs Division, Water and Environmental Programs, RUS, U.S. Department of
Agriculture.
VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement
USDA Non-Discrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or allor part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)
How To File a Complaint

If you wish to file an employment complaint, you must contact your agency's EEO
Counselor within 45 days of the date of the alleged discriminatory act, event,
or in the case of a personnel action. Additional information can be found online
at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov
Persons With Disabilities

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and you
wish to file either an EEO or program complaint please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

Applications: Household Water Well System Grant Program: Announcement of
Deadlines and Funding

LENGTH: 7108  words


Washington, D.C.: This Notice document was issued by the Rural Utilities Service
(RUS)

Action

Notice of solicitation of applications (NOSA).
Summary

The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Household Water Well System
Grant Program (HWWS) application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2015. RUS will make
grants to qualified private non-profit organizations to establish lending
programs for homeowners to borrow up to $11,000 to construct or repair household
water wells for an existing home. The HWWS Grant Program is authorized under 7
U.S.C. 1926e. Regulations may be found at 7 CFR part 1776. Of particular note
this year, the RUS will assign administrative discretion points to applications
that:

1. Direct loans to rural areas where according to the American Community Survey
data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living
in poverty. This emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20
percent of its funding by 2016 to these areas of need.

2. Direct loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets, and modern
sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of
disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas.

3. Direct loans to areas stricken by drought.

RUS will publish on its Web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm the amount of funding
received in the final FY2015 Appropriations Act. Successful applications will be
selected by the Agency for funding and subsequently awarded to the extent that
funding may ultimately be made available to the Agency through appropriations.
Dates

The deadline for completed applications for a HWWS grant is April 13, 2015.
Applications in either paper or electronic format must be postmarked or
time-stamped electronically on or beforethe deadline. Late applications will be
ineligible for grant consideration.
Addresses

Submit applications to the following addresses:

1. Electronic applications: http://www.grants.gov (Grants.gov). Submit
electronic applications through Grants.gov, following the instructions on that
Web site.

2. Paper applications: Water Programs Division, Rural Utilities Service, STOP:
1570, Room 2233-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570.

Obtain application guides and materials for the HWWS Grant Program
electronically or in paper format from the following addresses:

1. Electronic copies: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm.

2. Paper copies: Write Water Programs Division, Rural Utilities Service, STOP:
1570, Room 2233-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570 or
call (202) 720-9589.
For Further Information Contact

Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs Specialist, Water Programs Division, Water
and Environmental Programs. Telephone: (202) 720-9589, fax: (202) 690-0649,
email: JoyceM.Taylor@wdc.usda.gov
Supplementary Information
Overview

Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service.

Funding Opportunity Title: HWWS Grant Program.

Announcement Type: Solicitation of Applications.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.862.

Due Date for Applications: April 13, 2015.
Items in Supplementary Information

I. Funding Opportunity: Description of the HWWS Grant Program.

II. Award Information: To be determined.

III. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of projects are
eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.

IV. Application and Submission Information : Where to get application materials,
what constitutes a completed application, how and where to submit applications,
deadlines, items that are eligible.

V. Application Review Information: Considerations and preferences, scoring
criteria, review standards, selection information.

VI. Award Administration Information: Award notice information, award recipient
reporting requirements.

VII. Agency Contacts: Web, phone, fax, email, contact name.

VIII. Non-discrimination Statement: USDA non-discrimination statement, how to
file a complaint, persons with disabilities.
I. Funding Opportunity
A. Program Description

The HWWS Grant Program has been established to help individuals with low to
moderate incomes finance the costs of household water wells that they own or
will own. The HWWS Grant Program is authorized under Section 306E of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT), 7 U.S.C. 1926e. The CONACT
authorizes the RUS to make grants to qualified private non-profit organizations
to establish lending programs for household water wells.

As the grant recipients, private non-profit organizations will receive HWWS
grants to establish lending programs that will provide water well loans to
individuals. The individuals, as loan recipients, may use the loans to
construct, refurbish, and service their household well systems. A loan may not
exceed $11,000 and will have a term up to 20 years at a one percent annual
interest rate.
B. Background

The RUS supports the sound development of rural communities and the growth of
our economy without endangering the environment. The RUS provides financial and
technical assistance to help communities bring safe drinking water and sanitary,
environmentally sound waste disposal facilities to Rural Americans in greatest
need.

Central water systems may not be the only or best solution to drinking water
problems. Distance or physical barriers make public central water systems costly
to deploy in remote areas. A significant number of geographically isolated
households without water service might require individual wells rather than
connections to new or existing community systems. The goal of the RUS is not
only to make funds available to those communities most in need of potable water
but also to ensure that facilities used to deliver drinking water are safe and
affordable. There is a role for private wells in reaching this goal.
C. Purpose

The purpose of the HWWS Grant Program is to provide funds to private non-profit
organizations to assist them in establishing loan programs from which
individuals may borrow money for HWWS. Faith-based organizations are eligible
and encouraged to apply for this program. Applicants must show that the project
will provide technical and financial assistance to eligible individuals to
remedy household well problems.

Due to the limited amount of funds available under the HWWS Grant Program in
previous fiscal years, the RUS expects that 10 applications may be funded from
FY 2015 funds. Applications from existing HWWS grant recipients are acceptable
and will be evaluated as new applications.
II. Award Information

Funding Instrument Type: Grant.

Available funds: To be determined. This Notice is being issued prior to passage
of a final appropriations act to allow potential applicants time to submit
proposals and give the Agency time to process applications within the current
fiscal year. RUS will publish on its Web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm the amount of funding
received in the final FY2015 Appropriations Act.

Anticipated Number of Awards: 10.

Length of Project Periods: 12-month project.

Assistance Instrument: Grant Agreement with successful applicants before any
grant funds are disbursed.
III. Eligibility Information
A. Who is eligible for grants?

1. An organization is eligible to receive a HWWS grant if it:

a. Has an active registration with current information in the System for Award
Management (SAM) (formerly Central Contractor Registry, (CCR)) and has a Dun and
Bradstreet (D&B) Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number.

b. Is a private, non-profit organization.

c. Is legally established and located within one of the following:

(1) A state within the United States

(2) The District of Columbia

(3) The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico

(4) A United States territory.

d. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant purpose.

e. Has sufficient expertise and experience in lending activities.

f. Has sufficient expertise and experience in promoting the safe and productive
use of individually-owned HWWS and ground water.

g. Has no delinquent debt to the Federal Government or no outstanding judgments
to repay a Federal debt.

h. Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and managerial
capability to comply with Federal and State laws and requirements, and

i. Is not a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had an officeror
agent acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a felony) within the past
24 months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid federal tax liability that has
been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been
exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant
to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability
is not eligible.

2. An individual is ineligible to receive a Household Water Well grant. An
individual may receive a loan from an organization receiving a grant award.
B. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?

1. Project Eligibility. To be eligible for a grant, the project must:

a. Be a revolving loan fund created to provide loans to eligible individuals to
construct, refurbish, and service individually-owned HWWS (see 7 CFR 1776.11 and
1776.12). Loans may not be provided for home sewer or septic system projects.

b. Be established and maintained by a private, non-profit organization.

c. Be located in a rural area. Rural area is defined as locations other than
cities or towns of more than 50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent
urbanized area of such towns and cities.

2. Required Matching Contributions. Grant applicants must provide written
evidence of a matching contribution of at least 10 percent from sources other
than the proceeds of a HWWS grant. In-kind contributions will not be considered
for the matching requirement. Please see 7 CFR 1776.9 for the requirement.

3. Other--Requirements.

a. DUNS Number. The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data
Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The Standard
Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The applicant can obtain
the DUNS number free of charge by calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please see
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more information on how to obtain a DUNS
number or how to verify your organization's number.

b. Prior to submitting an application, the applicant must register in the System
for Award Management (SAM) (formerly Central Contractor Registry, (CCR)).

(1) Applicants may register for the SAM at
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.

(2) The SAM registration must remain active with current information at all
times while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal Grant Award or
loan is active. To maintain the registration in the SAM database the applicant
must review and update the information in the SAM database annually from date of
initial registration or from the date of the last update. The applicant must
ensure that the information in the database is current, accurate, and complete.

c. Eligibility to receive a HWWS loan will be based on the following criteria:

(1) An individual must be a member of a household of which the combined
household income of all members does not exceed 100 percent of the median
non-metropolitan household income for the State or territory in which the
individual resides. Household income is the total income from all sources
received by each adult household member for the most recent 12-month period for
which the information is available. It does not include income earned or
received by dependent children under 18 years old or other benefits that are
excluded by Federal law. The non-metropolitan household income must be based on
the most recent decennial census of the United States.

RUS publishes a list of income exclusions in 7 CFR 3550.54(b). Also, the
Department of Housing and Urban Development published a list of income
exclusions in theFederal Registeron May 20, 2014, at 79 FR 28938 (See"Federally
Mandated Exclusions").

(2) The loan recipient must own and occupy the home being improved with the
proceeds of the Household Water Well loan or be purchasing the home to occupy
under a legally enforceable land purchase contract which is not in default by
either the seller or the purchaser.

(3) The home being improved with the water well system must be located in a
rural area.

(4) The loan for a water well system must not be associated with the
construction of a new dwelling.

(5) The loan must not be used to substitute a water well system for water
service available from collective water systems. (For example, a loan may not be
used to restore an old well abandoned when a dwelling was connected to a water
district's water line.)

(6) The loan recipient must not be suspended or debarred from participation in
Federal programs.
IV. Application and Submission Information
A. Where To Get Application Information

The Household Water Well System Grant Application Guide (Application Guide),
copies of necessary forms and samples, and the HWWS Grant Program regulation are
available from these sources:

1. Internet for electronic copies: http://www.grants.gov or
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm;

2. Water and Environmental Programs for paper copies: RUS, Water Programs
Division, STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Washington, DC
20250-1570, Telephone: (202) 720-9589, Fax: (202) 690-0649.
B. Content and Form of Application Submission
1. Rules and Guidelines

a. Detailed information on each item required can be found in the HWWS Grant
Program regulation (7 CFR part 1776) and the Application Guide. Applicants are
strongly encouraged to read and apply both the regulation and the Application
Guide. This Notice does not change the requirements for a completed application
for any form of HWWS financial assistance specified in the regulation. The
regulation and Application Guide provide specific guidance on each of the items
listed.

b. Applications should be prepared in conformance with the provisions in 7 CFR
part 1776, subpart B, and departmental and other applicable regulations
including 2 CFR parts 180, 182, 417, 421, 7 CFR parts 3015, 3018, 3019, and 3052
or any successor regulations. Applicants should use the Application Guide which
contains instructions and other important information in preparing their
application. Completed applications must include the items found in the
checklist in the next paragraph.
2. Checklist of Items in Completed Application Packages

a. DUNS Number. The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data
Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The Standard
Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The applicant can obtain
the DUNS number free of charge by calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please see
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more information on how to obtain a DUNS
number or how to verify your organization's number.

b. Prior to submitting an application, the applicant must register in the System
for Award Management (SAM) (formerly Central Contractor Registry (CCR).

(1) Applicants may register for the SAM at:
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.

(2) The SAM registration must remain active with current information at all
times while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal Grant Award or
loan is active. To maintain the registration in the SAM database the applicant
must review and update the information in the SAM database annually from date of
initial registration or from the date of the last update. The applicant must
ensure that the information in the database is current, accurate, and complete.

(3) Your organization must be listed in the SAM. If you have not used Grants.gov
before, you will need to register with the SAM and the Credential Provider. New
registrations can take 3-5 business days to process. Updating or renewing an
active registration has a shorter turnaround, 24 hours. Registrations in SAM are
active for one year. The SAM registers your organization, housing your
organizational information and allowing Grants.gov to use the information to
verify your identity. The DUNS number, Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), and
name and address of the applicant organization must match SAM data files.

c. The electronic and paper application process requires forms with the prefixes
RD and SF as well as supporting documents and certifications.
Application Items

(1) SF-424, "Application for Federal Assistance".

(2) SF-424A, "Budget Information--Non-Construction Programs".

(3) SF-424B, "Assurances--Non-Construction Programs".

(4) SF-LLL, "Disclosure of Lobbying Activity".

(5) Form RD 400-1, "Equal Opportunity Agreement".

(6) Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil Rights Act of
1964).

(7) Project Proposal, Project Summary, Needs Assessment, Project Goals and
Objectives, Project Narrative.

(8) Work Plan.

(9) Budget and Budget Justification.

(10) Evidence of Legal Authority and Existence.

(11) Documentation of private non-profit status and Internal Revenue Service
(IRS). Tax Exempt Status.

(12) List of Directors and Officers.

(13) Financial information and sustainability (narrative).

(14) Assurances and Certifications of Compliance with Other Federal Statutes.

The forms in items 1 through 6 must be completed and signed where appropriate by
an official of your organization who has authority to obligate the organization
legally. RD forms are used by programs under the Rural Development mission area.
Standard forms (SF) are used Government-wide. In addition to the sources listed
in section A, the forms may be accessed electronically through the Rural
Development Web site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/FormsAndPublications.html.

See section V, "Application Review Information," for instructions and guidelines
on preparing Items 7 through 13.

3. Compliance with Other Federal Statutes. The applicant must provide evidence
of compliance with other Federal statutes and regulations, including, but not
limited to the following:

a. 7 CFR part 15, subpart A--Nondiscrimination in Federally Assisted Programs of
the Department of Agriculture--Effectuation of Title VI of the Civil Rights Act
of 1964.

b. 2 CFR part 417--Governmentwide Debarment and Suspension (Non-procurement), or
any successor regulations.

c. 7 CFR part 3052--Audits of States, Local Governments, and Non-profit
Organizations, or any successor regulations.

d. Subpart B of 2 CFR part 421, which adopts the Government wide implementation
(2 CFR part 182) of the Drug-Free Workplace Act.

e. Executive Order 13166, "Improving Access to Services for Persons with Limited
English Proficiency. " For information on limited English proficiency and
agency-specific guidance, go to http://www.LEP.gov.

f. Federal Obligation Certification on Delinquent Debt.
C. How many copies of an application are required?

1. Applications Submitted on Paper. Submit one signed original and two
additional copies. The original and each of the two copies must include all
required forms, certifications, assurances, and appendices, be signed by an
authorized representative, and have original signatures. Do not include
organizational brochures or promotional materials.

2. Applications Submitted Electronically. Additional paper copies are
unnecessary if the application is submitted electronically through http://www.
grants.gov.
D. How and Where To Submit an Application
1. Submitting Paper Applications

a. For paper applications, mail or ensure delivery of an original paper
application (no stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures) and two copies by
the deadline date to: RUS, Water Programs Division, STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570, Telephone: (202) 720-9589.

Submit paper applications marked "Attention: Water and Environmental Programs."

b. Applications must show proof of mailing or shipping by one of the following:

(1) A legibly dated U.S. Postal Service (USPS) postmark;

(2) A legible mail receipt with the date of mailing stamped by the USPS; or,

(3) A dated shipping label, invoice, or receipt from a commercial carrier.

c. If a deadline date falls on a weekend, it will be extended to the following
Monday. If the date falls on a Federal holiday, it will be extended to the next
business day.

d. Due to screening procedures at the Department of Agriculture, packages
arriving via the USPS are irradiated, which can damage the contents and delay
delivery. RUS encourages applicants to consider the impact of this procedure in
selecting an application delivery method.
2. Submitting Electronic Applications

a. Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail.

b. Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if submitted through
Grants.gov at http://www.grants.gov.

c. Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to use the
electronic applications option. Application information may be downloaded from
Grants.gov without preregistration.

d. Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their electronic
applications before the deadline.

e. Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required passwords,
credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at Grants.gov for
registering and submitting an electronic application.

f. Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number and an active
registration in SAM. See the "Checklist of Items in Completed Application
Packages" for instructions on obtaining a DUNS number and registering in the
SAM.

g. You must be registered with Grants.gov before you can submit an electronic
grant application.

(1) You must register at http://www.grants.gov/applicants/get_registered.jsp.

(2) Organization registration user guides and checklists are available at
http://www.grants.gov/applicants/get_registered.jsp.

(3) Grants.gov requires some credentialing and online authentication procedures.
When an applicant organization is registered with SAM, the organization
designates a point of contract who receives a password authorizing the person to
designate staff members who are allowed to submit applications electronically
through Grants.gov. These authorized organization representatives must be
registered with Grants.gov to receive a username and password to submit
applications. These procedures may take several business days to complete.

(4) Some or all of the SAM and Grants.gov registration, credentialing and
authorizations require updates. If you have previously registered at Grants.gov
to submit applications electronically, please ensure that your registration,
credentialing and authorizations are up to date well in advance of the grant
application deadline.

h. To use Grants.gov:

(1) Follow the instructions on the Web site to find grant information.

(2) Download a copy of an application package.

(3) Complete the package off-line.

(4) Upload and submit the application via the Grants.gov Web site.

(5) If a system problem or technical difficulty occurs with an electronic
application, please use the customer support resources available at the Grants.
gov Web site.

(6) Again, RUS encourages applicants to take early action to complete the
sign-up, credentialing and authorization procedures at http://www.grants.gov
before submitting an application at the Web site.
E. Deadlines

The deadline for paper and electronic submissions is April 13, 2015. Paper
applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later
than the closing date to be considered for FY 2015 grant funding. Electronic
applications must have an electronic date and time stamp by midnight of April
13, 2015 to be considered on time. RUS will not accept applications by fax or
email. Applications that do not meet the criteria above will be considered late
applications and will not be considered. RUS will notify each late applicant
that its application will not be considered.
F. Funding Restrictions
1. Eligible Grant Purposes

a. Grant funds must be used to establish and maintain a revolving loan fund to
provide loans to eligible individuals for household water well systems.

b. Individuals may use the loans to construct, refurbish, rehabilitate, or
replace household water well systems up to the point of entry of a home. Point
of entry for the well system is the junction where water enters into a home
water delivery system after being pumped from a well.

c. Grant funds may be used to pay administrative expenses associated with
providing Household Water Well loans.
2. Ineligible Grant Purposes

a. Administrative expenses incurred in any calendar year that exceed 10 percent
of the household water well loans made during the same period do not qualify for
reimbursement.

b. Administrative expenses incurred before RUS executes a grant agreement with
the recipient do not qualify for reimbursement.

c. Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government does not qualify for
reimbursement.

d. Grant funds may not be used to provide loans for household sewer or septic
systems.

e. Household Water Well loans may not be used to pay the costs of water well
systems for the construction of a new house.

f. Household Water Well loans may not be used to pay the costs of a home
plumbing system.
V. Application Review Information
A. Criteria

This section contains instructions and guidelines on preparing the project
proposal, work plan, and budget sections of the application. Also, guidelines
are provided on the additional information required for RUS to determine
eligibility and financial feasibility.

1. Project Proposal. The project proposal should outline the project in
sufficient detail to provide a reader with a complete understanding of the loan
program. Explain what will be accomplished by lending funds to individual well
owners. Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed loan program in meeting the
objectives of this grant program. The proposal should include the following
elements:

a. Project Summary. Present a brief project overview. Explain the purpose of the
project, how it relates to RUS' purposes, how the project will be executed, what
the project will produce, and who will direct it.

b. Needs Assessment. To show why the project is necessary, clearly identify the
economic, social, financial, or other problems that require solutions.
Demonstrate the well owners' need for financial and technical assistance.
Quantify the number of prospective borrowers or provide statistical or narrative
evidence that a sufficient number of borrowers will exist to justify the grant
award. Describe the service area. Provide information on the household income of
the area and other demographical information. Address community needs.

c. Project Goals and Objectives. Clearly state the project goals. The objectives
should clearly describe the goals and be concrete and specific enough to be
quantitative or observable. They should also be feasible and relate to the
purpose of the grant and loan program.

d. Project Narrative. The narrative should cover in more detail the items
briefly described in the Project Summary. Demonstrate the grant applicant's
experience and expertise in promoting the safe and productive use of
individually-owned household water well systems. The narrative should address
the following points:

(1) Document the grant applicant's ability to manage and service a revolving
fund. The narrative may describe the systems that are in place for the full life
cycle of a loan from loan origination through servicing. If a servicing
contractor will service the loan portfolio, the arrangement and services
provided must be discussed.

(2) Show evidence of the availability of funds from sources other than the HWWS
grant. Describe the contributions the project will receive from your
organization, state agencies, local government, other federal agencies,
non-government organizations, private industry, and individuals. The
documentation should describe how the contributions will be used to pay your
operational costs and provide financial assistance for projects.

(3) Demonstrate that the organization has secured commitments of significant
financial support from other funding sources.

(4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be assessed.

2. Work Plan. The work plan or scope of work must describe the tasks and
activities that will be accomplished with available resources during thegrant
period. It must include who will carry out the activities and services to be
performed and specific timeframes for completion. Describe any unusual or unique
features of the project such as innovations, reductions in cost or time, or
extraordinary community involvement.

3. Budget and Budget Justification. Use the Form SF-424A, Budget
Information--Non-Construction Programs, to show your budget cost elements. The
form summarizes resources as Federal and non-Federal funds and costs. "Federal"
refers only to the HWWS Grant Program for which you are applying. "Non-Federal"
refers to resources from your organization, state agencies, local government,
other Federal agencies, non-government organizations, private industry, and
individuals. Both Federal and non-Federal resources shall be detailed and
justified in the budget and narrative justification.

a. Provide a budget with line item detail and detailed calculations for each
budget object class identified in section B of the Budget Information form
(SF-424A). Detailed calculations must include estimation methods, quantities,
unit costs, and other similar quantitative detail sufficient for the calculation
to be duplicated. Also include a breakout by the funding sources identified in
Block 15 of the SF-424.

b. Provide a narrative budget justification that describes how the categorical
costs are derived for all capital and administrative expenditures, the matching
contribution, and other sources of funds necessary to complete the project.
Discuss the necessity, reasonableness, and allocability of the proposed costs.
Consult OMB Circular A-122: "Cost Principles for Non-Profit Organizations", and
any successor OMB guidance for information about appropriate costs for each
budget category.

c. If the grant applicant will use a servicing contractor, the fees may be
reimbursed as an administrative expense as provided in 7 CFR 1776.13. These fees
must be discussed in the budget narrative. If the grant applicant will hire a
servicing contractor, it must demonstrate that all procurement transactions will
be conducted in a manner to provide, to the maximum extent practical, open and
free competition. Recipients must justify any anticipated procurement action
that is expected to be awarded without competition and exceed the simplified
acquisition threshold fixed at 41 U.S.C. 134 (currently set at $100,000).

d. The indirect cost category should be used only when the grant applicant
currently has an indirect cost rate approved by the Department of Agriculture or
another cognizant Federal agency. A grant applicant that will charge indirect
costs to the grant must enclose a copy of the current rate agreement. If the
grant applicant is in the process of initially developing or renegotiating a
rate, the grant applicant shall submit its indirect cost proposal to the
cognizant agency immediately after the applicant is advised that an award will
be made. In no event, shall the indirect cost proposal be submitted later than
three months after the effective date of the award. Consult OMB Circular A-122
and any successor OMB guidance for information about indirect costs.

4. Evidence of Legal Authority and Existence. The applicant must provide
satisfactory documentation that it is legally recognized under state or Tribal
and Federal law as a private non-profit organization. The documentation also
must show that it has the authority to enter into a grant agreement with the RUS
and to perform the activities proposed under the grant application. Satisfactory
documentation includes, but is not limited to, certificates from the Secretary
of State, copies of state/Tribal statutes or laws establishing your
organization, and copies of your organization's articles of incorporation and
bylaws. Letters from IRS awarding tax-exempt status are not considered adequate
evidence.

5. List of Directors and Officers. The applicant must submit a certified list of
directors and officers with their respective terms.

6. IRS Tax Exempt Status. The applicant must submit evidence of tax exempt
status from the Internal Revenue Service.

7. Financial Information and Sustainability. The applicant must submit pro forma
balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow statements for the last three
years and projections for three years. Additionally, the most recent audit of
the applicant's organization must be submitted.
B. Evaluation Criteria

Grant applications that are complete and eligible will be scored competitively
based on the following scoring criteria:
Scoring criteria Points
Degree of expertise and experience in promoting the safe and productive use of
individually-owned household water well systems and ground water Up to 30
points.
Degree of expertise and successful experience in making and servicing loans to
individuals Up to 20 points.
Percentage of applicant contributions. Points allowed under this paragraph will
be based on written evidence of the availability of funds from sources other
than the proceeds of a HWWS grant to pay part of the cost of a loan recipient's
project. In-kind contributions will not be considered. Funds from other sources
as a percentage of the HWWS grant and points corresponding to such percentages
are as follows:
0 to 9 percent ineligible.
10 to 25 percent 5 points.
26 to 30 percent 10 points.
31 to 50 percent 15 points.
51 percent or more 20 points.
Extent to which the work plan demonstrates a well thought out, comprehensive
approach to accomplishing the objectives of this part, clearly defines who will
be served by the project, and appears likely to be sustainable Up to 20 points.
Extent to which the goals and objectives are clearly defined, tied to the work
plan, and measurable Up to 10 points.
Lowest ratio of projected administrative expenses to loans advanced Up to 10
points.
Administrator's discretion, considering such factors as:
Creative outreach ideas for marketing HWWS loans to rural residents; factors
include: Up to 10 points.
1. Directs loans to rural areas where according to the American Community Survey
data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living
in poverty. This emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20
percent of its funding by 2016 to these areas of need.
2. Directs loans to areas that lack running water, flush toilets, and modern
sewage disposal systems, and areas that have open sewers and high rates of
disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas.
3. Directs loans to areas stricken by drought.
C. Review Standards

1. Incomplete applications as of the deadline for submission will not be
considered. If an application is determined to be incomplete, the applicant will
be notified in writing and the application will be returned with no further
action.

2. Ineligible applications will be returned to the applicant with an
explanation.

3. Complete, eligible applications will be evaluated competitively by a review
team, composed of at least two RUS employees selected from the Water Programs
Division. They will make overall recommendations based on the program elements
found in 7 CFR part 1776 and the review criteria presented in this notice. They
will award points as described in the scoring criteria in 7 CFR 1776.9 and this
notice. Each application will receive a score based on the averages of the
reviewers' scores and discretionary points awarded by the RUS Administrator.

4. Applications will be ranked and grants awarded in rank order until all grant
funds are expended.

5. Regardless of the score an application receives, if RUS determines that the
project is technically infeasible, RUS will notify the applicant, in writing,
and the application will be returned with no further action.
VI. Award Administration Information
A. Award Notices

RUS will notify a successful applicant by an award letter accompanied by a grant
agreement. The grant agreement will contain the terms and conditions for the
grant. The applicant must execute and return the grant agreement, accompanied by
any additional items required by the award letter or grant agreement.
B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

1. This notice, the 7 CFR part 1776, and the Application Guide implement the
appropriate administrative and national policy requirements.

2. Direct Federal grants, sub-award funds, or contracts under the HWWS Grant
Program shall not be used to fund inherently religious activities, such as
worship, religious instruction, or proselytization. Therefore, organizations
that receive direct assistance should take steps to separate, in time or
location, their inherently religious activities from the services funded under
the HWWS Grant Program. Regulations for the Equal Treatment for Faith-based
Organizations are contained in 7 CFR part 16, which includes the prohibition
against Federal funding of inherently religious activities.
C. Reporting

1. Performance Reporting. All recipients of HWWS Grant Program financial
assistance must provide quarterly performance activity reports to RUS until the
project is complete and the funds are expended. A final performance report is
also required. The final report may serve as the last annual report. The final
report must include an evaluation of the success of the project.

2. Financial Reporting. All recipients of HWWS Grant Program financial
assistance must provide an annual audit, beginning with the first year a portion
of the financial assistance is expended. The grantee will provide an audit
report or financial statements as follows:

a. Grantees expending $500,000 or more Federal funds per fiscal year will submit
an audit conducted in accordance with OMB Circular A-133 or any successor OMB
guidance. The audit will be submitted within 9 months after the grantee's fiscal
year. Additional audits may be required if the project period covers more than
one fiscal year.

b. Grantees expending less than $500,000 will provide annual financial
statements covering the grant period, consisting of the organization's statement
of income and expense and balance sheet signed by an appropriate official of the
organization. Financial statements will be submitted within 90 days after the
grantee's fiscal year.

3. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting. The applicant must have the necessary
processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements for
first-tier sub-awards and executive compensation under the Federal Funding
Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives
funding unless such applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements
pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 Section 170.110(b). The reporting requirements under
the Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are as follows:

a. First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act funds (unless
they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to
http://www.fsrs.gov no later than the end of the month following the month the
obligation was made.

b. The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if the Recipient
meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ by the end of the month following the
month in which the award was made.

c. The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Subrecipient (if the
Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to the Recipient by the
end of the month following the month in which the subaward was made.
VII. Agency Contacts

A. Web site: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm.

B. Phone: 202-720-0499.

C. Fax: 202-690-0649.

D. Email: JoyceM.Taylor@wdc.usda.gov

E. Main point of contact: Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs Specialist, Water
Programs Division, Water and Environmental Programs, RUS, U.S. Department of
Agriculture.
VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement
USDA Non-Discrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or allor part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)
How To File a Complaint

If you wish to file an employment complaint, you must contact your agency's EEO
Counselor within 45 days of the date of the alleged discriminatory act, event,
or in the case of a personnel action. Additional information can be found online
at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov
Persons With Disabilities

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and you
wish to file either an EEO or program complaint please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).
Dated: January 6, 2015.
Jasper Schneider,
Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.
[FR Doc. 2015-02680 Filed 2-9-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

Arizona: Applications: Household Water Well System Grant Program: Announcement
of Deadlines and Funding

LENGTH: 7073  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of The Treasury has issued the following news release:

Summary

The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Household Water Well System
Grant Program (HWWS) application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2015. RUS will make
grants to qualified private non-profit organizations to establish lending
programs for homeowners to borrow up to $11,000 to construct or repair household
water wells for an existing home. The HWWS Grant Program is authorized under 7
U.S.C. 1926e. Regulations may be found at 7 CFR part 1776. Of particular note
this year, the RUS will assign administrative discretion points to applications
that:

1. Direct loans to rural areas where according to the American Community Survey
data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living
in poverty. This emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20
percent of its funding by 2016 to these areas of need.

2. Direct loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets, and modern
sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of
disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas.

3. Direct loans to areas stricken by drought.

RUS will publish on its Web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm the amount of funding
received in the final FY2015 Appropriations Act. Successful applications will be
selected by the Agency for funding and subsequently awarded to the extent that
funding may ultimately be made available to the Agency through appropriations.
Dates

The deadline for completed applications for a HWWS grant is April 13, 2015.
Applications in either paper or electronic format must be postmarked or
time-stamped electronically on or beforethe deadline. Late applications will be
ineligible for grant consideration.
Addresses

Submit applications to the following addresses:

1. Electronic applications: http://www.grants.gov (Grants.gov). Submit
electronic applications through Grants.gov, following the instructions on that
Web site.

2. Paper applications: Water Programs Division, Rural Utilities Service, STOP:
1570, Room 2233-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570.

Obtain application guides and materials for the HWWS Grant Program
electronically or in paper format from the following addresses:

1. Electronic copies: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm.

2. Paper copies: Write Water Programs Division, Rural Utilities Service, STOP:
1570, Room 2233-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570 or
call (202) 720-9589.
For Further Information Contact

Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs Specialist, Water Programs Division, Water
and Environmental Programs. Telephone: (202) 720-9589, fax: (202) 690-0649,
email: JoyceM.Taylor@wdc.usda.gov
Supplementary Information
Overview

Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service.

Funding Opportunity Title: HWWS Grant Program.

Announcement Type: Solicitation of Applications.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.862.

Due Date for Applications: April 13, 2015.
Items in Supplementary Information

I. Funding Opportunity: Description of the HWWS Grant Program.

II. Award Information: To be determined.

III. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of projects are
eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.

IV. Application and Submission Information : Where to get application materials,
what constitutes a completed application, how and where to submit applications,
deadlines, items that are eligible.

V. Application Review Information: Considerations and preferences, scoring
criteria, review standards, selection information.

VI. Award Administration Information: Award notice information, award recipient
reporting requirements.

VII. Agency Contacts: Web, phone, fax, email, contact name.

VIII. Non-discrimination Statement: USDA non-discrimination statement, how to
file a complaint, persons with disabilities.
I. Funding Opportunity
A. Program Description

The HWWS Grant Program has been established to help individuals with low to
moderate incomes finance the costs of household water wells that they own or
will own. The HWWS Grant Program is authorized under Section 306E of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT), 7 U.S.C. 1926e. The CONACT
authorizes the RUS to make grants to qualified private non-profit organizations
to establish lending programs for household water wells.

As the grant recipients, private non-profit organizations will receive HWWS
grants to establish lending programs that will provide water well loans to
individuals. The individuals, as loan recipients, may use the loans to
construct, refurbish, and service their household well systems. A loan may not
exceed $11,000 and will have a term up to 20 years at a one percent annual
interest rate.
B. Background

The RUS supports the sound development of rural communities and the growth of
our economy without endangering the environment. The RUS provides financial and
technical assistance to help communities bring safe drinking water and sanitary,
environmentally sound waste disposal facilities to Rural Americans in greatest
need.

Central water systems may not be the only or best solution to drinking water
problems. Distance or physical barriers make public central water systems costly
to deploy in remote areas. A significant number of geographically isolated
households without water service might require individual wells rather than
connections to new or existing community systems. The goal of the RUS is not
only to make funds available to those communities most in need of potable water
but also to ensure that facilities used to deliver drinking water are safe and
affordable. There is a role for private wells in reaching this goal.
C. Purpose

The purpose of the HWWS Grant Program is to provide funds to private non-profit
organizations to assist them in establishing loan programs from which
individuals may borrow money for HWWS. Faith-based organizations are eligible
and encouraged to apply for this program. Applicants must show that the project
will provide technical and financial assistance to eligible individuals to
remedy household well problems.

Due to the limited amount of funds available under the HWWS Grant Program in
previous fiscal years, the RUS expects that 10 applications may be funded from
FY 2015 funds. Applications from existing HWWS grant recipients are acceptable
and will be evaluated as new applications.
II. Award Information

Funding Instrument Type: Grant.

Available funds: To be determined. This Notice is being issued prior to passage
of a final appropriations act to allow potential applicants time to submit
proposals and give the Agency time to process applications within the current
fiscal year. RUS will publish on its Web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm the amount of funding
received in the final FY2015 Appropriations Act.

Anticipated Number of Awards: 10.

Length of Project Periods: 12-month project.

Assistance Instrument: Grant Agreement with successful applicants before any
grant funds are disbursed.
III. Eligibility Information
A. Who is eligible for grants?

1. An organization is eligible to receive a HWWS grant if it:

a. Has an active registration with current information in the System for Award
Management (SAM) (formerly Central Contractor Registry, (CCR)) and has a Dun and
Bradstreet (D&B) Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number.

b. Is a private, non-profit organization.

c. Is legally established and located within one of the following:

(1) A state within the United States

(2) The District of Columbia

(3) The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico

(4) A United States territory.

d. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant purpose.

e. Has sufficient expertise and experience in lending activities.

f. Has sufficient expertise and experience in promoting the safe and productive
use of individually-owned HWWS and ground water.

g. Has no delinquent debt to the Federal Government or no outstanding judgments
to repay a Federal debt.

h. Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and managerial
capability to comply with Federal and State laws and requirements, and

i. Is not a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had an officeror
agent acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a felony) within the past
24 months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid federal tax liability that has
been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been
exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant
to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability
is not eligible.

2. An individual is ineligible to receive a Household Water Well grant. An
individual may receive a loan from an organization receiving a grant award.
B. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?

1. Project Eligibility. To be eligible for a grant, the project must:

a. Be a revolving loan fund created to provide loans to eligible individuals to
construct, refurbish, and service individually-owned HWWS (see 7 CFR 1776.11 and
1776.12). Loans may not be provided for home sewer or septic system projects.

b. Be established and maintained by a private, non-profit organization.

c. Be located in a rural area. Rural area is defined as locations other than
cities or towns of more than 50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent
urbanized area of such towns and cities.

2. Required Matching Contributions. Grant applicants must provide written
evidence of a matching contribution of at least 10 percent from sources other
than the proceeds of a HWWS grant. In-kind contributions will not be considered
for the matching requirement. Please see 7 CFR 1776.9 for the requirement.

3. Other--Requirements.

a. DUNS Number. The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data
Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The Standard
Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The applicant can obtain
the DUNS number free of charge by calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please see
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more information on how to obtain a DUNS
number or how to verify your organization's number.

b. Prior to submitting an application, the applicant must register in the System
for Award Management (SAM) (formerly Central Contractor Registry, (CCR)).

(1) Applicants may register for the SAM at
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.

(2) The SAM registration must remain active with current information at all
times while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal Grant Award or
loan is active. To maintain the registration in the SAM database the applicant
must review and update the information in the SAM database annually from date of
initial registration or from the date of the last update. The applicant must
ensure that the information in the database is current, accurate, and complete.

c. Eligibility to receive a HWWS loan will be based on the following criteria:

(1) An individual must be a member of a household of which the combined
household income of all members does not exceed 100 percent of the median
non-metropolitan household income for the State or territory in which the
individual resides. Household income is the total income from all sources
received by each adult household member for the most recent 12-month period for
which the information is available. It does not include income earned or
received by dependent children under 18 years old or other benefits that are
excluded by Federal law. The non-metropolitan household income must be based on
the most recent decennial census of the United States.

RUS publishes a list of income exclusions in 7 CFR 3550.54(b). Also, the
Department of Housing and Urban Development published a list of income
exclusions in theFederal Registeron May 20, 2014, at 79 FR 28938 (See"Federally
Mandated Exclusions").

(2) The loan recipient must own and occupy the home being improved with the
proceeds of the Household Water Well loan or be purchasing the home to occupy
under a legally enforceable land purchase contract which is not in default by
either the seller or the purchaser.

(3) The home being improved with the water well system must be located in a
rural area.

(4) The loan for a water well system must not be associated with the
construction of a new dwelling.

(5) The loan must not be used to substitute a water well system for water
service available from collective water systems. (For example, a loan may not be
used to restore an old well abandoned when a dwelling was connected to a water
district's water line.)

(6) The loan recipient must not be suspended or debarred from participation in
Federal programs.
IV. Application and Submission Information
A. Where To Get Application Information

The Household Water Well System Grant Application Guide (Application Guide),
copies of necessary forms and samples, and the HWWS Grant Program regulation are
available from these sources:

1. Internet for electronic copies: http://www.grants.gov or
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm;

2. Water and Environmental Programs for paper copies: RUS, Water Programs
Division, STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Washington, DC
20250-1570, Telephone: (202) 720-9589, Fax: (202) 690-0649.
B. Content and Form of Application Submission
1. Rules and Guidelines

a. Detailed information on each item required can be found in the HWWS Grant
Program regulation (7 CFR part 1776) and the Application Guide. Applicants are
strongly encouraged to read and apply both the regulation and the Application
Guide. This Notice does not change the requirements for a completed application
for any form of HWWS financial assistance specified in the regulation. The
regulation and Application Guide provide specific guidance on each of the items
listed.

b. Applications should be prepared in conformance with the provisions in 7 CFR
part 1776, subpart B, and departmental and other applicable regulations
including 2 CFR parts 180, 182, 417, 421, 7 CFR parts 3015, 3018, 3019, and 3052
or any successor regulations. Applicants should use the Application Guide which
contains instructions and other important information in preparing their
application. Completed applications must include the items found in the
checklist in the next paragraph.
2. Checklist of Items in Completed Application Packages

a. DUNS Number. The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data
Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The Standard
Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The applicant can obtain
the DUNS number free of charge by calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please see
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more information on how to obtain a DUNS
number or how to verify your organization's number.

b. Prior to submitting an application, the applicant must register in the System
for Award Management (SAM) (formerly Central Contractor Registry (CCR).

(1) Applicants may register for the SAM at:
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.

(2) The SAM registration must remain active with current information at all
times while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal Grant Award or
loan is active. To maintain the registration in the SAM database the applicant
must review and update the information in the SAM database annually from date of
initial registration or from the date of the last update. The applicant must
ensure that the information in the database is current, accurate, and complete.

(3) Your organization must be listed in the SAM. If you have not used Grants.gov
before, you will need to register with the SAM and the Credential Provider. New
registrations can take 3-5 business days to process. Updating or renewing an
active registration has a shorter turnaround, 24 hours. Registrations in SAM are
active for one year. The SAM registers your organization, housing your
organizational information and allowing Grants.gov to use the information to
verify your identity. The DUNS number, Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), and
name and address of the applicant organization must match SAM data files.

c. The electronic and paper application process requires forms with the prefixes
RD and SF as well as supporting documents and certifications.
Application Items

(1) SF-424, "Application for Federal Assistance".

(2) SF-424A, "Budget Information--Non-Construction Programs".

(3) SF-424B, "Assurances--Non-Construction Programs".

(4) SF-LLL, "Disclosure of Lobbying Activity".

(5) Form RD 400-1, "Equal Opportunity Agreement".

(6) Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil Rights Act of
1964).

(7) Project Proposal, Project Summary, Needs Assessment, Project Goals and
Objectives, Project Narrative.

(8) Work Plan.

(9) Budget and Budget Justification.

(10) Evidence of Legal Authority and Existence.

(11) Documentation of private non-profit status and Internal Revenue Service
(IRS). Tax Exempt Status.

(12) List of Directors and Officers.

(13) Financial information and sustainability (narrative).

(14) Assurances and Certifications of Compliance with Other Federal Statutes.

The forms in items 1 through 6 must be completed and signed where appropriate by
an official of your organization who has authority to obligate the organization
legally. RD forms are used by programs under the Rural Development mission area.
Standard forms (SF) are used Government-wide. In addition to the sources listed
in section A, the forms may be accessed electronically through the Rural
Development Web site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/FormsAndPublications.html.

See section V, "Application Review Information," for instructions and guidelines
on preparing Items 7 through 13.

3. Compliance with Other Federal Statutes. The applicant must provide evidence
of compliance with other Federal statutes and regulations, including, but not
limited to the following:

a. 7 CFR part 15, subpart A--Nondiscrimination in Federally Assisted Programs of
the Department of Agriculture--Effectuation of Title VI of the Civil Rights Act
of 1964.

b. 2 CFR part 417--Governmentwide Debarment and Suspension (Non-procurement), or
any successor regulations.

c. 7 CFR part 3052--Audits of States, Local Governments, and Non-profit
Organizations, or any successor regulations.

d. Subpart B of 2 CFR part 421, which adopts the Government wide implementation
(2 CFR part 182) of the Drug-Free Workplace Act.

e. Executive Order 13166, "Improving Access to Services for Persons with Limited
English Proficiency. " For information on limited English proficiency and
agency-specific guidance, go to http://www.LEP.gov.

f. Federal Obligation Certification on Delinquent Debt.
C. How many copies of an application are required?

1. Applications Submitted on Paper. Submit one signed original and two
additional copies. The original and each of the two copies must include all
required forms, certifications, assurances, and appendices, be signed by an
authorized representative, and have original signatures. Do not include
organizational brochures or promotional materials.

2. Applications Submitted Electronically. Additional paper copies are
unnecessary if the application is submitted electronically through http://www.
grants.gov.
D. How and Where To Submit an Application
1. Submitting Paper Applications

a. For paper applications, mail or ensure delivery of an original paper
application (no stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures) and two copies by
the deadline date to: RUS, Water Programs Division, STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570, Telephone: (202) 720-9589.

Submit paper applications marked "Attention: Water and Environmental Programs."

b. Applications must show proof of mailing or shipping by one of the following:

(1) A legibly dated U.S. Postal Service (USPS) postmark;

(2) A legible mail receipt with the date of mailing stamped by the USPS; or,

(3) A dated shipping label, invoice, or receipt from a commercial carrier.

c. If a deadline date falls on a weekend, it will be extended to the following
Monday. If the date falls on a Federal holiday, it will be extended to the next
business day.

d. Due to screening procedures at the Department of Agriculture, packages
arriving via the USPS are irradiated, which can damage the contents and delay
delivery. RUS encourages applicants to consider the impact of this procedure in
selecting an application delivery method.
2. Submitting Electronic Applications

a. Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail.

b. Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if submitted through
Grants.gov at http://www.grants.gov.

c. Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to use the
electronic applications option. Application information may be downloaded from
Grants.gov without preregistration.

d. Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their electronic
applications before the deadline.

e. Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required passwords,
credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at Grants.gov for
registering and submitting an electronic application.

f. Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number and an active
registration in SAM. See the "Checklist of Items in Completed Application
Packages" for instructions on obtaining a DUNS number and registering in the
SAM.

g. You must be registered with Grants.gov before you can submit an electronic
grant application.

(1) You must register at http://www.grants.gov/applicants/get_registered.jsp.

(2) Organization registration user guides and checklists are available at
http://www.grants.gov/applicants/get_registered.jsp.

(3) Grants.gov requires some credentialing and online authentication procedures.
When an applicant organization is registered with SAM, the organization
designates a point of contract who receives a password authorizing the person to
designate staff members who are allowed to submit applications electronically
through Grants.gov. These authorized organization representatives must be
registered with Grants.gov to receive a username and password to submit
applications. These procedures may take several business days to complete.

(4) Some or all of the SAM and Grants.gov registration, credentialing and
authorizations require updates. If you have previously registered at Grants.gov
to submit applications electronically, please ensure that your registration,
credentialing and authorizations are up to date well in advance of the grant
application deadline.

h. To use Grants.gov:

(1) Follow the instructions on the Web site to find grant information.

(2) Download a copy of an application package.

(3) Complete the package off-line.

(4) Upload and submit the application via the Grants.gov Web site.

(5) If a system problem or technical difficulty occurs with an electronic
application, please use the customer support resources available at the Grants.
gov Web site.

(6) Again, RUS encourages applicants to take early action to complete the
sign-up, credentialing and authorization procedures at http://www.grants.gov
before submitting an application at the Web site.
E. Deadlines

The deadline for paper and electronic submissions is April 13, 2015. Paper
applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later
than the closing date to be considered for FY 2015 grant funding. Electronic
applications must have an electronic date and time stamp by midnight of April
13, 2015 to be considered on time. RUS will not accept applications by fax or
email. Applications that do not meet the criteria above will be considered late
applications and will not be considered. RUS will notify each late applicant
that its application will not be considered.
F. Funding Restrictions
1. Eligible Grant Purposes

a. Grant funds must be used to establish and maintain a revolving loan fund to
provide loans to eligible individuals for household water well systems.

b. Individuals may use the loans to construct, refurbish, rehabilitate, or
replace household water well systems up to the point of entry of a home. Point
of entry for the well system is the junction where water enters into a home
water delivery system after being pumped from a well.

c. Grant funds may be used to pay administrative expenses associated with
providing Household Water Well loans.
2. Ineligible Grant Purposes

a. Administrative expenses incurred in any calendar year that exceed 10 percent
of the household water well loans made during the same period do not qualify for
reimbursement.

b. Administrative expenses incurred before RUS executes a grant agreement with
the recipient do not qualify for reimbursement.

c. Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government does not qualify for
reimbursement.

d. Grant funds may not be used to provide loans for household sewer or septic
systems.

e. Household Water Well loans may not be used to pay the costs of water well
systems for the construction of a new house.

f. Household Water Well loans may not be used to pay the costs of a home
plumbing system.
V. Application Review Information
A. Criteria

This section contains instructions and guidelines on preparing the project
proposal, work plan, and budget sections of the application. Also, guidelines
are provided on the additional information required for RUS to determine
eligibility and financial feasibility.

1. Project Proposal. The project proposal should outline the project in
sufficient detail to provide a reader with a complete understanding of the loan
program. Explain what will be accomplished by lending funds to individual well
owners. Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed loan program in meeting the
objectives of this grant program. The proposal should include the following
elements:

a. Project Summary. Present a brief project overview. Explain the purpose of the
project, how it relates to RUS' purposes, how the project will be executed, what
the project will produce, and who will direct it.

b. Needs Assessment. To show why the project is necessary, clearly identify the
economic, social, financial, or other problems that require solutions.
Demonstrate the well owners' need for financial and technical assistance.
Quantify the number of prospective borrowers or provide statistical or narrative
evidence that a sufficient number of borrowers will exist to justify the grant
award. Describe the service area. Provide information on the household income of
the area and other demographical information. Address community needs.

c. Project Goals and Objectives. Clearly state the project goals. The objectives
should clearly describe the goals and be concrete and specific enough to be
quantitative or observable. They should also be feasible and relate to the
purpose of the grant and loan program.

d. Project Narrative. The narrative should cover in more detail the items
briefly described in the Project Summary. Demonstrate the grant applicant's
experience and expertise in promoting the safe and productive use of
individually-owned household water well systems. The narrative should address
the following points:

(1) Document the grant applicant's ability to manage and service a revolving
fund. The narrative may describe the systems that are in place for the full life
cycle of a loan from loan origination through servicing. If a servicing
contractor will service the loan portfolio, the arrangement and services
provided must be discussed.

(2) Show evidence of the availability of funds from sources other than the HWWS
grant. Describe the contributions the project will receive from your
organization, state agencies, local government, other federal agencies,
non-government organizations, private industry, and individuals. The
documentation should describe how the contributions will be used to pay your
operational costs and provide financial assistance for projects.

(3) Demonstrate that the organization has secured commitments of significant
financial support from other funding sources.

(4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be assessed.

2. Work Plan. The work plan or scope of work must describe the tasks and
activities that will be accomplished with available resources during thegrant
period. It must include who will carry out the activities and services to be
performed and specific timeframes for completion. Describe any unusual or unique
features of the project such as innovations, reductions in cost or time, or
extraordinary community involvement.

3. Budget and Budget Justification. Use the Form SF-424A, Budget
Information--Non-Construction Programs, to show your budget cost elements. The
form summarizes resources as Federal and non-Federal funds and costs. "Federal"
refers only to the HWWS Grant Program for which you are applying. "Non-Federal"
refers to resources from your organization, state agencies, local government,
other Federal agencies, non-government organizations, private industry, and
individuals. Both Federal and non-Federal resources shall be detailed and
justified in the budget and narrative justification.

a. Provide a budget with line item detail and detailed calculations for each
budget object class identified in section B of the Budget Information form
(SF-424A). Detailed calculations must include estimation methods, quantities,
unit costs, and other similar quantitative detail sufficient for the calculation
to be duplicated. Also include a breakout by the funding sources identified in
Block 15 of the SF-424.

b. Provide a narrative budget justification that describes how the categorical
costs are derived for all capital and administrative expenditures, the matching
contribution, and other sources of funds necessary to complete the project.
Discuss the necessity, reasonableness, and allocability of the proposed costs.
Consult OMB Circular A-122: "Cost Principles for Non-Profit Organizations", and
any successor OMB guidance for information about appropriate costs for each
budget category.

c. If the grant applicant will use a servicing contractor, the fees may be
reimbursed as an administrative expense as provided in 7 CFR 1776.13. These fees
must be discussed in the budget narrative. If the grant applicant will hire a
servicing contractor, it must demonstrate that all procurement transactions will
be conducted in a manner to provide, to the maximum extent practical, open and
free competition. Recipients must justify any anticipated procurement action
that is expected to be awarded without competition and exceed the simplified
acquisition threshold fixed at 41 U.S.C. 134 (currently set at $100,000).

d. The indirect cost category should be used only when the grant applicant
currently has an indirect cost rate approved by the Department of Agriculture or
another cognizant Federal agency. A grant applicant that will charge indirect
costs to the grant must enclose a copy of the current rate agreement. If the
grant applicant is in the process of initially developing or renegotiating a
rate, the grant applicant shall submit its indirect cost proposal to the
cognizant agency immediately after the applicant is advised that an award will
be made. In no event, shall the indirect cost proposal be submitted later than
three months after the effective date of the award. Consult OMB Circular A-122
and any successor OMB guidance for information about indirect costs.

4. Evidence of Legal Authority and Existence. The applicant must provide
satisfactory documentation that it is legally recognized under state or Tribal
and Federal law as a private non-profit organization. The documentation also
must show that it has the authority to enter into a grant agreement with the RUS
and to perform the activities proposed under the grant application. Satisfactory
documentation includes, but is not limited to, certificates from the Secretary
of State, copies of state/Tribal statutes or laws establishing your
organization, and copies of your organization's articles of incorporation and
bylaws. Letters from IRS awarding tax-exempt status are not considered adequate
evidence.

5. List of Directors and Officers. The applicant must submit a certified list of
directors and officers with their respective terms.

6. IRS Tax Exempt Status. The applicant must submit evidence of tax exempt
status from the Internal Revenue Service.

7. Financial Information and Sustainability. The applicant must submit pro forma
balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow statements for the last three
years and projections for three years. Additionally, the most recent audit of
the applicant's organization must be submitted.
B. Evaluation Criteria

Grant applications that are complete and eligible will be scored competitively
based on the following scoring criteria:
Scoring criteria Points
Degree of expertise and experience in promoting the safe and productive use of
individually-owned household water well systems and ground water Up to 30
points.
Degree of expertise and successful experience in making and servicing loans to
individuals Up to 20 points.
Percentage of applicant contributions. Points allowed under this paragraph will
be based on written evidence of the availability of funds from sources other
than the proceeds of a HWWS grant to pay part of the cost of a loan recipient's
project. In-kind contributions will not be considered. Funds from other sources
as a percentage of the HWWS grant and points corresponding to such percentages
are as follows:
0 to 9 percent ineligible.
10 to 25 percent 5 points.
26 to 30 percent 10 points.
31 to 50 percent 15 points.
51 percent or more 20 points.
Extent to which the work plan demonstrates a well thought out, comprehensive
approach to accomplishing the objectives of this part, clearly defines who will
be served by the project, and appears likely to be sustainable Up to 20 points.
Extent to which the goals and objectives are clearly defined, tied to the work
plan, and measurable Up to 10 points.
Lowest ratio of projected administrative expenses to loans advanced Up to 10
points.
Administrator's discretion, considering such factors as:
Creative outreach ideas for marketing HWWS loans to rural residents; factors
include: Up to 10 points.
1. Directs loans to rural areas where according to the American Community Survey
data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living
in poverty. This emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20
percent of its funding by 2016 to these areas of need.
2. Directs loans to areas that lack running water, flush toilets, and modern
sewage disposal systems, and areas that have open sewers and high rates of
disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas.
3. Directs loans to areas stricken by drought.
C. Review Standards

1. Incomplete applications as of the deadline for submission will not be
considered. If an application is determined to be incomplete, the applicant will
be notified in writing and the application will be returned with no further
action.

2. Ineligible applications will be returned to the applicant with an
explanation.

3. Complete, eligible applications will be evaluated competitively by a review
team, composed of at least two RUS employees selected from the Water Programs
Division. They will make overall recommendations based on the program elements
found in 7 CFR part 1776 and the review criteria presented in this notice. They
will award points as described in the scoring criteria in 7 CFR 1776.9 and this
notice. Each application will receive a score based on the averages of the
reviewers' scores and discretionary points awarded by the RUS Administrator.

4. Applications will be ranked and grants awarded in rank order until all grant
funds are expended.

5. Regardless of the score an application receives, if RUS determines that the
project is technically infeasible, RUS will notify the applicant, in writing,
and the application will be returned with no further action.
VI. Award Administration Information
A. Award Notices

RUS will notify a successful applicant by an award letter accompanied by a grant
agreement. The grant agreement will contain the terms and conditions for the
grant. The applicant must execute and return the grant agreement, accompanied by
any additional items required by the award letter or grant agreement.
B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

1. This notice, the 7 CFR part 1776, and the Application Guide implement the
appropriate administrative and national policy requirements.

2. Direct Federal grants, sub-award funds, or contracts under the HWWS Grant
Program shall not be used to fund inherently religious activities, such as
worship, religious instruction, or proselytization. Therefore, organizations
that receive direct assistance should take steps to separate, in time or
location, their inherently religious activities from the services funded under
the HWWS Grant Program. Regulations for the Equal Treatment for Faith-based
Organizations are contained in 7 CFR part 16, which includes the prohibition
against Federal funding of inherently religious activities.
C. Reporting

1. Performance Reporting. All recipients of HWWS Grant Program financial
assistance must provide quarterly performance activity reports to RUS until the
project is complete and the funds are expended. A final performance report is
also required. The final report may serve as the last annual report. The final
report must include an evaluation of the success of the project.

2. Financial Reporting. All recipients of HWWS Grant Program financial
assistance must provide an annual audit, beginning with the first year a portion
of the financial assistance is expended. The grantee will provide an audit
report or financial statements as follows:

a. Grantees expending $500,000 or more Federal funds per fiscal year will submit
an audit conducted in accordance with OMB Circular A-133 or any successor OMB
guidance. The audit will be submitted within 9 months after the grantee's fiscal
year. Additional audits may be required if the project period covers more than
one fiscal year.

b. Grantees expending less than $500,000 will provide annual financial
statements covering the grant period, consisting of the organization's statement
of income and expense and balance sheet signed by an appropriate official of the
organization. Financial statements will be submitted within 90 days after the
grantee's fiscal year.

3. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting. The applicant must have the necessary
processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements for
first-tier sub-awards and executive compensation under the Federal Funding
Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives
funding unless such applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements
pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 Section 170.110(b). The reporting requirements under
the Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are as follows:

a. First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act funds (unless
they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to
http://www.fsrs.gov no later than the end of the month following the month the
obligation was made.

b. The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if the Recipient
meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ by the end of the month following the
month in which the award was made.

c. The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Subrecipient (if the
Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to the Recipient by the
end of the month following the month in which the subaward was made.
VII. Agency Contacts

A. Web site: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm.

B. Phone: 202-720-0499.

C. Fax: 202-690-0649.

D. Email: JoyceM.Taylor@wdc.usda.gov

E. Main point of contact: Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs Specialist, Water
Programs Division, Water and Environmental Programs, RUS, U.S. Department of
Agriculture.
VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement
USDA Non-Discrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or allor part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)
How To File a Complaint

If you wish to file an employment complaint, you must contact your agency's EEO
Counselor within 45 days of the date of the alleged discriminatory act, event,
or in the case of a personnel action. Additional information can be found online
at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov
Persons With Disabilities

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and you
wish to file either an EEO or program complaint please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

Applications: Household Water Well System Grant Program: Announcement of
Deadlines and Funding

LENGTH: 7108  words


Washington, D.C.: This Notice document was issued by the Rural Utilities Service
(RUS)

Action

Notice of solicitation of applications (NOSA).
Summary

The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Household Water Well System
Grant Program (HWWS) application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2015. RUS will make
grants to qualified private non-profit organizations to establish lending
programs for homeowners to borrow up to $11,000 to construct or repair household
water wells for an existing home. The HWWS Grant Program is authorized under 7
U.S.C. 1926e. Regulations may be found at 7 CFR part 1776. Of particular note
this year, the RUS will assign administrative discretion points to applications
that:

1. Direct loans to rural areas where according to the American Community Survey
data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living
in poverty. This emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20
percent of its funding by 2016 to these areas of need.

2. Direct loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets, and modern
sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of
disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas.

3. Direct loans to areas stricken by drought.

RUS will publish on its Web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm the amount of funding
received in the final FY2015 Appropriations Act. Successful applications will be
selected by the Agency for funding and subsequently awarded to the extent that
funding may ultimately be made available to the Agency through appropriations.
Dates

The deadline for completed applications for a HWWS grant is April 13, 2015.
Applications in either paper or electronic format must be postmarked or
time-stamped electronically on or beforethe deadline. Late applications will be
ineligible for grant consideration.
Addresses

Submit applications to the following addresses:

1. Electronic applications: http://www.grants.gov (Grants.gov). Submit
electronic applications through Grants.gov, following the instructions on that
Web site.

2. Paper applications: Water Programs Division, Rural Utilities Service, STOP:
1570, Room 2233-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570.

Obtain application guides and materials for the HWWS Grant Program
electronically or in paper format from the following addresses:

1. Electronic copies: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm.

2. Paper copies: Write Water Programs Division, Rural Utilities Service, STOP:
1570, Room 2233-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570 or
call (202) 720-9589.
For Further Information Contact

Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs Specialist, Water Programs Division, Water
and Environmental Programs. Telephone: (202) 720-9589, fax: (202) 690-0649,
email: JoyceM.Taylor@wdc.usda.gov
Supplementary Information
Overview

Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service.

Funding Opportunity Title: HWWS Grant Program.

Announcement Type: Solicitation of Applications.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.862.

Due Date for Applications: April 13, 2015.
Items in Supplementary Information

I. Funding Opportunity: Description of the HWWS Grant Program.

II. Award Information: To be determined.

III. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of projects are
eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.

IV. Application and Submission Information : Where to get application materials,
what constitutes a completed application, how and where to submit applications,
deadlines, items that are eligible.

V. Application Review Information: Considerations and preferences, scoring
criteria, review standards, selection information.

VI. Award Administration Information: Award notice information, award recipient
reporting requirements.

VII. Agency Contacts: Web, phone, fax, email, contact name.

VIII. Non-discrimination Statement: USDA non-discrimination statement, how to
file a complaint, persons with disabilities.
I. Funding Opportunity
A. Program Description

The HWWS Grant Program has been established to help individuals with low to
moderate incomes finance the costs of household water wells that they own or
will own. The HWWS Grant Program is authorized under Section 306E of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT), 7 U.S.C. 1926e. The CONACT
authorizes the RUS to make grants to qualified private non-profit organizations
to establish lending programs for household water wells.

As the grant recipients, private non-profit organizations will receive HWWS
grants to establish lending programs that will provide water well loans to
individuals. The individuals, as loan recipients, may use the loans to
construct, refurbish, and service their household well systems. A loan may not
exceed $11,000 and will have a term up to 20 years at a one percent annual
interest rate.
B. Background

The RUS supports the sound development of rural communities and the growth of
our economy without endangering the environment. The RUS provides financial and
technical assistance to help communities bring safe drinking water and sanitary,
environmentally sound waste disposal facilities to Rural Americans in greatest
need.

Central water systems may not be the only or best solution to drinking water
problems. Distance or physical barriers make public central water systems costly
to deploy in remote areas. A significant number of geographically isolated
households without water service might require individual wells rather than
connections to new or existing community systems. The goal of the RUS is not
only to make funds available to those communities most in need of potable water
but also to ensure that facilities used to deliver drinking water are safe and
affordable. There is a role for private wells in reaching this goal.
C. Purpose

The purpose of the HWWS Grant Program is to provide funds to private non-profit
organizations to assist them in establishing loan programs from which
individuals may borrow money for HWWS. Faith-based organizations are eligible
and encouraged to apply for this program. Applicants must show that the project
will provide technical and financial assistance to eligible individuals to
remedy household well problems.

Due to the limited amount of funds available under the HWWS Grant Program in
previous fiscal years, the RUS expects that 10 applications may be funded from
FY 2015 funds. Applications from existing HWWS grant recipients are acceptable
and will be evaluated as new applications.
II. Award Information

Funding Instrument Type: Grant.

Available funds: To be determined. This Notice is being issued prior to passage
of a final appropriations act to allow potential applicants time to submit
proposals and give the Agency time to process applications within the current
fiscal year. RUS will publish on its Web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm the amount of funding
received in the final FY2015 Appropriations Act.

Anticipated Number of Awards: 10.

Length of Project Periods: 12-month project.

Assistance Instrument: Grant Agreement with successful applicants before any
grant funds are disbursed.
III. Eligibility Information
A. Who is eligible for grants?

1. An organization is eligible to receive a HWWS grant if it:

a. Has an active registration with current information in the System for Award
Management (SAM) (formerly Central Contractor Registry, (CCR)) and has a Dun and
Bradstreet (D&B) Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number.

b. Is a private, non-profit organization.

c. Is legally established and located within one of the following:

(1) A state within the United States

(2) The District of Columbia

(3) The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico

(4) A United States territory.

d. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant purpose.

e. Has sufficient expertise and experience in lending activities.

f. Has sufficient expertise and experience in promoting the safe and productive
use of individually-owned HWWS and ground water.

g. Has no delinquent debt to the Federal Government or no outstanding judgments
to repay a Federal debt.

h. Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and managerial
capability to comply with Federal and State laws and requirements, and

i. Is not a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had an officeror
agent acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a felony) within the past
24 months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid federal tax liability that has
been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been
exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant
to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability
is not eligible.

2. An individual is ineligible to receive a Household Water Well grant. An
individual may receive a loan from an organization receiving a grant award.
B. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?

1. Project Eligibility. To be eligible for a grant, the project must:

a. Be a revolving loan fund created to provide loans to eligible individuals to
construct, refurbish, and service individually-owned HWWS (see 7 CFR 1776.11 and
1776.12). Loans may not be provided for home sewer or septic system projects.

b. Be established and maintained by a private, non-profit organization.

c. Be located in a rural area. Rural area is defined as locations other than
cities or towns of more than 50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent
urbanized area of such towns and cities.

2. Required Matching Contributions. Grant applicants must provide written
evidence of a matching contribution of at least 10 percent from sources other
than the proceeds of a HWWS grant. In-kind contributions will not be considered
for the matching requirement. Please see 7 CFR 1776.9 for the requirement.

3. Other--Requirements.

a. DUNS Number. The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data
Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The Standard
Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The applicant can obtain
the DUNS number free of charge by calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please see
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more information on how to obtain a DUNS
number or how to verify your organization's number.

b. Prior to submitting an application, the applicant must register in the System
for Award Management (SAM) (formerly Central Contractor Registry, (CCR)).

(1) Applicants may register for the SAM at
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.

(2) The SAM registration must remain active with current information at all
times while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal Grant Award or
loan is active. To maintain the registration in the SAM database the applicant
must review and update the information in the SAM database annually from date of
initial registration or from the date of the last update. The applicant must
ensure that the information in the database is current, accurate, and complete.

c. Eligibility to receive a HWWS loan will be based on the following criteria:

(1) An individual must be a member of a household of which the combined
household income of all members does not exceed 100 percent of the median
non-metropolitan household income for the State or territory in which the
individual resides. Household income is the total income from all sources
received by each adult household member for the most recent 12-month period for
which the information is available. It does not include income earned or
received by dependent children under 18 years old or other benefits that are
excluded by Federal law. The non-metropolitan household income must be based on
the most recent decennial census of the United States.

RUS publishes a list of income exclusions in 7 CFR 3550.54(b). Also, the
Department of Housing and Urban Development published a list of income
exclusions in theFederal Registeron May 20, 2014, at 79 FR 28938 (See"Federally
Mandated Exclusions").

(2) The loan recipient must own and occupy the home being improved with the
proceeds of the Household Water Well loan or be purchasing the home to occupy
under a legally enforceable land purchase contract which is not in default by
either the seller or the purchaser.

(3) The home being improved with the water well system must be located in a
rural area.

(4) The loan for a water well system must not be associated with the
construction of a new dwelling.

(5) The loan must not be used to substitute a water well system for water
service available from collective water systems. (For example, a loan may not be
used to restore an old well abandoned when a dwelling was connected to a water
district's water line.)

(6) The loan recipient must not be suspended or debarred from participation in
Federal programs.
IV. Application and Submission Information
A. Where To Get Application Information

The Household Water Well System Grant Application Guide (Application Guide),
copies of necessary forms and samples, and the HWWS Grant Program regulation are
available from these sources:

1. Internet for electronic copies: http://www.grants.gov or
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm;

2. Water and Environmental Programs for paper copies: RUS, Water Programs
Division, STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Washington, DC
20250-1570, Telephone: (202) 720-9589, Fax: (202) 690-0649.
B. Content and Form of Application Submission
1. Rules and Guidelines

a. Detailed information on each item required can be found in the HWWS Grant
Program regulation (7 CFR part 1776) and the Application Guide. Applicants are
strongly encouraged to read and apply both the regulation and the Application
Guide. This Notice does not change the requirements for a completed application
for any form of HWWS financial assistance specified in the regulation. The
regulation and Application Guide provide specific guidance on each of the items
listed.

b. Applications should be prepared in conformance with the provisions in 7 CFR
part 1776, subpart B, and departmental and other applicable regulations
including 2 CFR parts 180, 182, 417, 421, 7 CFR parts 3015, 3018, 3019, and 3052
or any successor regulations. Applicants should use the Application Guide which
contains instructions and other important information in preparing their
application. Completed applications must include the items found in the
checklist in the next paragraph.
2. Checklist of Items in Completed Application Packages

a. DUNS Number. The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data
Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The Standard
Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The applicant can obtain
the DUNS number free of charge by calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please see
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more information on how to obtain a DUNS
number or how to verify your organization's number.

b. Prior to submitting an application, the applicant must register in the System
for Award Management (SAM) (formerly Central Contractor Registry (CCR).

(1) Applicants may register for the SAM at:
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.

(2) The SAM registration must remain active with current information at all
times while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal Grant Award or
loan is active. To maintain the registration in the SAM database the applicant
must review and update the information in the SAM database annually from date of
initial registration or from the date of the last update. The applicant must
ensure that the information in the database is current, accurate, and complete.

(3) Your organization must be listed in the SAM. If you have not used Grants.gov
before, you will need to register with the SAM and the Credential Provider. New
registrations can take 3-5 business days to process. Updating or renewing an
active registration has a shorter turnaround, 24 hours. Registrations in SAM are
active for one year. The SAM registers your organization, housing your
organizational information and allowing Grants.gov to use the information to
verify your identity. The DUNS number, Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), and
name and address of the applicant organization must match SAM data files.

c. The electronic and paper application process requires forms with the prefixes
RD and SF as well as supporting documents and certifications.
Application Items

(1) SF-424, "Application for Federal Assistance".

(2) SF-424A, "Budget Information--Non-Construction Programs".

(3) SF-424B, "Assurances--Non-Construction Programs".

(4) SF-LLL, "Disclosure of Lobbying Activity".

(5) Form RD 400-1, "Equal Opportunity Agreement".

(6) Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil Rights Act of
1964).

(7) Project Proposal, Project Summary, Needs Assessment, Project Goals and
Objectives, Project Narrative.

(8) Work Plan.

(9) Budget and Budget Justification.

(10) Evidence of Legal Authority and Existence.

(11) Documentation of private non-profit status and Internal Revenue Service
(IRS). Tax Exempt Status.

(12) List of Directors and Officers.

(13) Financial information and sustainability (narrative).

(14) Assurances and Certifications of Compliance with Other Federal Statutes.

The forms in items 1 through 6 must be completed and signed where appropriate by
an official of your organization who has authority to obligate the organization
legally. RD forms are used by programs under the Rural Development mission area.
Standard forms (SF) are used Government-wide. In addition to the sources listed
in section A, the forms may be accessed electronically through the Rural
Development Web site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/FormsAndPublications.html.

See section V, "Application Review Information," for instructions and guidelines
on preparing Items 7 through 13.

3. Compliance with Other Federal Statutes. The applicant must provide evidence
of compliance with other Federal statutes and regulations, including, but not
limited to the following:

a. 7 CFR part 15, subpart A--Nondiscrimination in Federally Assisted Programs of
the Department of Agriculture--Effectuation of Title VI of the Civil Rights Act
of 1964.

b. 2 CFR part 417--Governmentwide Debarment and Suspension (Non-procurement), or
any successor regulations.

c. 7 CFR part 3052--Audits of States, Local Governments, and Non-profit
Organizations, or any successor regulations.

d. Subpart B of 2 CFR part 421, which adopts the Government wide implementation
(2 CFR part 182) of the Drug-Free Workplace Act.

e. Executive Order 13166, "Improving Access to Services for Persons with Limited
English Proficiency. " For information on limited English proficiency and
agency-specific guidance, go to http://www.LEP.gov.

f. Federal Obligation Certification on Delinquent Debt.
C. How many copies of an application are required?

1. Applications Submitted on Paper. Submit one signed original and two
additional copies. The original and each of the two copies must include all
required forms, certifications, assurances, and appendices, be signed by an
authorized representative, and have original signatures. Do not include
organizational brochures or promotional materials.

2. Applications Submitted Electronically. Additional paper copies are
unnecessary if the application is submitted electronically through http://www.
grants.gov.
D. How and Where To Submit an Application
1. Submitting Paper Applications

a. For paper applications, mail or ensure delivery of an original paper
application (no stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures) and two copies by
the deadline date to: RUS, Water Programs Division, STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570, Telephone: (202) 720-9589.

Submit paper applications marked "Attention: Water and Environmental Programs."

b. Applications must show proof of mailing or shipping by one of the following:

(1) A legibly dated U.S. Postal Service (USPS) postmark;

(2) A legible mail receipt with the date of mailing stamped by the USPS; or,

(3) A dated shipping label, invoice, or receipt from a commercial carrier.

c. If a deadline date falls on a weekend, it will be extended to the following
Monday. If the date falls on a Federal holiday, it will be extended to the next
business day.

d. Due to screening procedures at the Department of Agriculture, packages
arriving via the USPS are irradiated, which can damage the contents and delay
delivery. RUS encourages applicants to consider the impact of this procedure in
selecting an application delivery method.
2. Submitting Electronic Applications

a. Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail.

b. Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if submitted through
Grants.gov at http://www.grants.gov.

c. Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to use the
electronic applications option. Application information may be downloaded from
Grants.gov without preregistration.

d. Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their electronic
applications before the deadline.

e. Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required passwords,
credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at Grants.gov for
registering and submitting an electronic application.

f. Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number and an active
registration in SAM. See the "Checklist of Items in Completed Application
Packages" for instructions on obtaining a DUNS number and registering in the
SAM.

g. You must be registered with Grants.gov before you can submit an electronic
grant application.

(1) You must register at http://www.grants.gov/applicants/get_registered.jsp.

(2) Organization registration user guides and checklists are available at
http://www.grants.gov/applicants/get_registered.jsp.

(3) Grants.gov requires some credentialing and online authentication procedures.
When an applicant organization is registered with SAM, the organization
designates a point of contract who receives a password authorizing the person to
designate staff members who are allowed to submit applications electronically
through Grants.gov. These authorized organization representatives must be
registered with Grants.gov to receive a username and password to submit
applications. These procedures may take several business days to complete.

(4) Some or all of the SAM and Grants.gov registration, credentialing and
authorizations require updates. If you have previously registered at Grants.gov
to submit applications electronically, please ensure that your registration,
credentialing and authorizations are up to date well in advance of the grant
application deadline.

h. To use Grants.gov:

(1) Follow the instructions on the Web site to find grant information.

(2) Download a copy of an application package.

(3) Complete the package off-line.

(4) Upload and submit the application via the Grants.gov Web site.

(5) If a system problem or technical difficulty occurs with an electronic
application, please use the customer support resources available at the Grants.
gov Web site.

(6) Again, RUS encourages applicants to take early action to complete the
sign-up, credentialing and authorization procedures at http://www.grants.gov
before submitting an application at the Web site.
E. Deadlines

The deadline for paper and electronic submissions is April 13, 2015. Paper
applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later
than the closing date to be considered for FY 2015 grant funding. Electronic
applications must have an electronic date and time stamp by midnight of April
13, 2015 to be considered on time. RUS will not accept applications by fax or
email. Applications that do not meet the criteria above will be considered late
applications and will not be considered. RUS will notify each late applicant
that its application will not be considered.
F. Funding Restrictions
1. Eligible Grant Purposes

a. Grant funds must be used to establish and maintain a revolving loan fund to
provide loans to eligible individuals for household water well systems.

b. Individuals may use the loans to construct, refurbish, rehabilitate, or
replace household water well systems up to the point of entry of a home. Point
of entry for the well system is the junction where water enters into a home
water delivery system after being pumped from a well.

c. Grant funds may be used to pay administrative expenses associated with
providing Household Water Well loans.
2. Ineligible Grant Purposes

a. Administrative expenses incurred in any calendar year that exceed 10 percent
of the household water well loans made during the same period do not qualify for
reimbursement.

b. Administrative expenses incurred before RUS executes a grant agreement with
the recipient do not qualify for reimbursement.

c. Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government does not qualify for
reimbursement.

d. Grant funds may not be used to provide loans for household sewer or septic
systems.

e. Household Water Well loans may not be used to pay the costs of water well
systems for the construction of a new house.

f. Household Water Well loans may not be used to pay the costs of a home
plumbing system.
V. Application Review Information
A. Criteria

This section contains instructions and guidelines on preparing the project
proposal, work plan, and budget sections of the application. Also, guidelines
are provided on the additional information required for RUS to determine
eligibility and financial feasibility.

1. Project Proposal. The project proposal should outline the project in
sufficient detail to provide a reader with a complete understanding of the loan
program. Explain what will be accomplished by lending funds to individual well
owners. Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed loan program in meeting the
objectives of this grant program. The proposal should include the following
elements:

a. Project Summary. Present a brief project overview. Explain the purpose of the
project, how it relates to RUS' purposes, how the project will be executed, what
the project will produce, and who will direct it.

b. Needs Assessment. To show why the project is necessary, clearly identify the
economic, social, financial, or other problems that require solutions.
Demonstrate the well owners' need for financial and technical assistance.
Quantify the number of prospective borrowers or provide statistical or narrative
evidence that a sufficient number of borrowers will exist to justify the grant
award. Describe the service area. Provide information on the household income of
the area and other demographical information. Address community needs.

c. Project Goals and Objectives. Clearly state the project goals. The objectives
should clearly describe the goals and be concrete and specific enough to be
quantitative or observable. They should also be feasible and relate to the
purpose of the grant and loan program.

d. Project Narrative. The narrative should cover in more detail the items
briefly described in the Project Summary. Demonstrate the grant applicant's
experience and expertise in promoting the safe and productive use of
individually-owned household water well systems. The narrative should address
the following points:

(1) Document the grant applicant's ability to manage and service a revolving
fund. The narrative may describe the systems that are in place for the full life
cycle of a loan from loan origination through servicing. If a servicing
contractor will service the loan portfolio, the arrangement and services
provided must be discussed.

(2) Show evidence of the availability of funds from sources other than the HWWS
grant. Describe the contributions the project will receive from your
organization, state agencies, local government, other federal agencies,
non-government organizations, private industry, and individuals. The
documentation should describe how the contributions will be used to pay your
operational costs and provide financial assistance for projects.

(3) Demonstrate that the organization has secured commitments of significant
financial support from other funding sources.

(4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be assessed.

2. Work Plan. The work plan or scope of work must describe the tasks and
activities that will be accomplished with available resources during thegrant
period. It must include who will carry out the activities and services to be
performed and specific timeframes for completion. Describe any unusual or unique
features of the project such as innovations, reductions in cost or time, or
extraordinary community involvement.

3. Budget and Budget Justification. Use the Form SF-424A, Budget
Information--Non-Construction Programs, to show your budget cost elements. The
form summarizes resources as Federal and non-Federal funds and costs. "Federal"
refers only to the HWWS Grant Program for which you are applying. "Non-Federal"
refers to resources from your organization, state agencies, local government,
other Federal agencies, non-government organizations, private industry, and
individuals. Both Federal and non-Federal resources shall be detailed and
justified in the budget and narrative justification.

a. Provide a budget with line item detail and detailed calculations for each
budget object class identified in section B of the Budget Information form
(SF-424A). Detailed calculations must include estimation methods, quantities,
unit costs, and other similar quantitative detail sufficient for the calculation
to be duplicated. Also include a breakout by the funding sources identified in
Block 15 of the SF-424.

b. Provide a narrative budget justification that describes how the categorical
costs are derived for all capital and administrative expenditures, the matching
contribution, and other sources of funds necessary to complete the project.
Discuss the necessity, reasonableness, and allocability of the proposed costs.
Consult OMB Circular A-122: "Cost Principles for Non-Profit Organizations", and
any successor OMB guidance for information about appropriate costs for each
budget category.

c. If the grant applicant will use a servicing contractor, the fees may be
reimbursed as an administrative expense as provided in 7 CFR 1776.13. These fees
must be discussed in the budget narrative. If the grant applicant will hire a
servicing contractor, it must demonstrate that all procurement transactions will
be conducted in a manner to provide, to the maximum extent practical, open and
free competition. Recipients must justify any anticipated procurement action
that is expected to be awarded without competition and exceed the simplified
acquisition threshold fixed at 41 U.S.C. 134 (currently set at $100,000).

d. The indirect cost category should be used only when the grant applicant
currently has an indirect cost rate approved by the Department of Agriculture or
another cognizant Federal agency. A grant applicant that will charge indirect
costs to the grant must enclose a copy of the current rate agreement. If the
grant applicant is in the process of initially developing or renegotiating a
rate, the grant applicant shall submit its indirect cost proposal to the
cognizant agency immediately after the applicant is advised that an award will
be made. In no event, shall the indirect cost proposal be submitted later than
three months after the effective date of the award. Consult OMB Circular A-122
and any successor OMB guidance for information about indirect costs.

4. Evidence of Legal Authority and Existence. The applicant must provide
satisfactory documentation that it is legally recognized under state or Tribal
and Federal law as a private non-profit organization. The documentation also
must show that it has the authority to enter into a grant agreement with the RUS
and to perform the activities proposed under the grant application. Satisfactory
documentation includes, but is not limited to, certificates from the Secretary
of State, copies of state/Tribal statutes or laws establishing your
organization, and copies of your organization's articles of incorporation and
bylaws. Letters from IRS awarding tax-exempt status are not considered adequate
evidence.

5. List of Directors and Officers. The applicant must submit a certified list of
directors and officers with their respective terms.

6. IRS Tax Exempt Status. The applicant must submit evidence of tax exempt
status from the Internal Revenue Service.

7. Financial Information and Sustainability. The applicant must submit pro forma
balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow statements for the last three
years and projections for three years. Additionally, the most recent audit of
the applicant's organization must be submitted.
B. Evaluation Criteria

Grant applications that are complete and eligible will be scored competitively
based on the following scoring criteria:
Scoring criteria Points
Degree of expertise and experience in promoting the safe and productive use of
individually-owned household water well systems and ground water Up to 30
points.
Degree of expertise and successful experience in making and servicing loans to
individuals Up to 20 points.
Percentage of applicant contributions. Points allowed under this paragraph will
be based on written evidence of the availability of funds from sources other
than the proceeds of a HWWS grant to pay part of the cost of a loan recipient's
project. In-kind contributions will not be considered. Funds from other sources
as a percentage of the HWWS grant and points corresponding to such percentages
are as follows:
0 to 9 percent ineligible.
10 to 25 percent 5 points.
26 to 30 percent 10 points.
31 to 50 percent 15 points.
51 percent or more 20 points.
Extent to which the work plan demonstrates a well thought out, comprehensive
approach to accomplishing the objectives of this part, clearly defines who will
be served by the project, and appears likely to be sustainable Up to 20 points.
Extent to which the goals and objectives are clearly defined, tied to the work
plan, and measurable Up to 10 points.
Lowest ratio of projected administrative expenses to loans advanced Up to 10
points.
Administrator's discretion, considering such factors as:
Creative outreach ideas for marketing HWWS loans to rural residents; factors
include: Up to 10 points.
1. Directs loans to rural areas where according to the American Community Survey
data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living
in poverty. This emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20
percent of its funding by 2016 to these areas of need.
2. Directs loans to areas that lack running water, flush toilets, and modern
sewage disposal systems, and areas that have open sewers and high rates of
disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas.
3. Directs loans to areas stricken by drought.
C. Review Standards

1. Incomplete applications as of the deadline for submission will not be
considered. If an application is determined to be incomplete, the applicant will
be notified in writing and the application will be returned with no further
action.

2. Ineligible applications will be returned to the applicant with an
explanation.

3. Complete, eligible applications will be evaluated competitively by a review
team, composed of at least two RUS employees selected from the Water Programs
Division. They will make overall recommendations based on the program elements
found in 7 CFR part 1776 and the review criteria presented in this notice. They
will award points as described in the scoring criteria in 7 CFR 1776.9 and this
notice. Each application will receive a score based on the averages of the
reviewers' scores and discretionary points awarded by the RUS Administrator.

4. Applications will be ranked and grants awarded in rank order until all grant
funds are expended.

5. Regardless of the score an application receives, if RUS determines that the
project is technically infeasible, RUS will notify the applicant, in writing,
and the application will be returned with no further action.
VI. Award Administration Information
A. Award Notices

RUS will notify a successful applicant by an award letter accompanied by a grant
agreement. The grant agreement will contain the terms and conditions for the
grant. The applicant must execute and return the grant agreement, accompanied by
any additional items required by the award letter or grant agreement.
B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

1. This notice, the 7 CFR part 1776, and the Application Guide implement the
appropriate administrative and national policy requirements.

2. Direct Federal grants, sub-award funds, or contracts under the HWWS Grant
Program shall not be used to fund inherently religious activities, such as
worship, religious instruction, or proselytization. Therefore, organizations
that receive direct assistance should take steps to separate, in time or
location, their inherently religious activities from the services funded under
the HWWS Grant Program. Regulations for the Equal Treatment for Faith-based
Organizations are contained in 7 CFR part 16, which includes the prohibition
against Federal funding of inherently religious activities.
C. Reporting

1. Performance Reporting. All recipients of HWWS Grant Program financial
assistance must provide quarterly performance activity reports to RUS until the
project is complete and the funds are expended. A final performance report is
also required. The final report may serve as the last annual report. The final
report must include an evaluation of the success of the project.

2. Financial Reporting. All recipients of HWWS Grant Program financial
assistance must provide an annual audit, beginning with the first year a portion
of the financial assistance is expended. The grantee will provide an audit
report or financial statements as follows:

a. Grantees expending $500,000 or more Federal funds per fiscal year will submit
an audit conducted in accordance with OMB Circular A-133 or any successor OMB
guidance. The audit will be submitted within 9 months after the grantee's fiscal
year. Additional audits may be required if the project period covers more than
one fiscal year.

b. Grantees expending less than $500,000 will provide annual financial
statements covering the grant period, consisting of the organization's statement
of income and expense and balance sheet signed by an appropriate official of the
organization. Financial statements will be submitted within 90 days after the
grantee's fiscal year.

3. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting. The applicant must have the necessary
processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements for
first-tier sub-awards and executive compensation under the Federal Funding
Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives
funding unless such applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements
pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 Section 170.110(b). The reporting requirements under
the Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are as follows:

a. First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act funds (unless
they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to
http://www.fsrs.gov no later than the end of the month following the month the
obligation was made.

b. The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if the Recipient
meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ by the end of the month following the
month in which the award was made.

c. The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Subrecipient (if the
Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to the Recipient by the
end of the month following the month in which the subaward was made.
VII. Agency Contacts

A. Web site: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm.

B. Phone: 202-720-0499.

C. Fax: 202-690-0649.

D. Email: JoyceM.Taylor@wdc.usda.gov

E. Main point of contact: Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs Specialist, Water
Programs Division, Water and Environmental Programs, RUS, U.S. Department of
Agriculture.
VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement
USDA Non-Discrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or allor part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)
How To File a Complaint

If you wish to file an employment complaint, you must contact your agency's EEO
Counselor within 45 days of the date of the alleged discriminatory act, event,
or in the case of a personnel action. Additional information can be found online
at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov
Persons With Disabilities

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and you
wish to file either an EEO or program complaint please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).
Dated: January 6, 2015.
Jasper Schneider,
Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.
[FR Doc. 2015-02680 Filed 2-9-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             July 17, 2008 Thursday

Grant to help pay for improvements

BYLINE: By Nancy Bowman Staff Writer

SECTION: TROY AND TIPP CITY; Pg. RA-7

LENGTH: 296 words


MONROE TWP., Miami County - County officials hope a grant will help pay for
sanitary sewer improvements in the Hilltop Sudivision near the Miami-Montgomery
County line.

No opposition was aired last week during a public hearing on the county request
for $410,766 from the Community Development Block Grant Water and Sanitary Sewer
Program.

Nikki Reese, county community development program manager, said the system
scheduled for construction in 2009 would serve 23 households. The project's
total cost is estimated at $781,532, with construction estimated at $610,532.

Reese said plans are for the grant to pay $300,766 for the sewer main, $100,000
for tap in fees, service line installations for those households meeting income
requirements and $10,000 for grant administration for a $410,766 grant request.
She said an income survey showed 11 households meet requirements for payment
help with tap in fees.

Matching funds for the CDBG grant will be sought from an Ohio Environmental
Protection Agency Water Pollution Control Loan for $370,766 for the sewer main
and $70,000 in engineering costs.

The subdivision was built in the 1950s without public utilties, Pat Turnbull,
county sanitary engineer, said.

He said a tile system was installed for water run off, then in the 1980s the
system tied into the neighboring Deercliff subdivision sewer, which now goes to
the Tri-Cities wastewater treatment plant. The broken down drain tile will be
demolished with installation of the new lines.

Turnbull said the cost of assessments to property owners is not yet known. Once
firm estimates are received, a meeting on the project is planned in Monroe Twp.
to discuss costs and the project further with residents, he said.

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2292 or nbowman@DaytonDaily News.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: STAFF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              33 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Sun Journal (New Bern, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              April 1, 2012 Sunday

Grant to fund free water, sewer hook-ups

BYLINE: Eddie Fitzgerald, Sun Journal, New Bern, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 427 words


April 01--Low- to moderate-income homeowners have only a few days to take
advantage of a grant the city is applying for that will provide free hook-up of
water and sewer lines.

Mike Avery, New Bern's director of planning and inspections, said the city has
to send applications to the state by Wednesday for households that have existing
water and sewer lines running in front of their homes that were originally not
installed with Community Development Block Grant funds.

"We currently have six applications and probably have the funding to do another
nine," Avery said.

The Infrastructure Hookup Grant Program will pay for the fees to tap onto
existing utility lines and other costs directly associated with the connection,
like plumbers' fees, Avery said.

To be eligible for the grant funding, the public water or sewer line that will
serve the houses must be installed in the ground and be used by other households
along the line prior to submission of the application.

Avery said there were hundreds of homes in the city that are not hooked up to
existing water and sewer lines the city installed. Those houses are using septic
tanks, he said.

Also to be eligible, the existing water or sewer line could not have been funded
in whole or part by CDBG funds. Homeowners taking advantage of the grant funds
have to be in the low- or moderate-income range with a maximum income for a
family of four not exceeding $46,400 and the homes must already have indoor
plumbing in working order.

The grant proposal is for $75,000 and does not require a local match.

The city is now closing out a 2009 grant of $59,800 that was used to connect 10
households to the sewer system. Not all of that money was used, Avery said.

"We need to hear from people who don't have water and sewer connection
services," Avery said. "These funds are solely to connect houses to the city's
system."

It could cost as much as $5,000 for tap-on fees and plumbers' costs if
homeowners decide to have the work done on their own, Avery said.

"We are encouraging folks to take advantage of this opportunity," he said. "The
grant will pay for the tap and the cost of the plumber to make the connection."

Anyone who meets the eligibility requirements and wants to take advantage of the
program may call the city planning department at 639-7581.

Eddie Fitzgerald can be reached at 252-635-5675 or at efitzgerald@freedomenc.com
Follow him on Twitter @staffwriter3.

___ (c)2012 the Sun Journal (New Bern, N.C.) Visit the Sun Journal (New Bern,
N.C.) at http://www.newbernsj.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120401-NS-Grant-to-fund-free-water-sewer-hook-ups-0401-20120401

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                           Copyright 2012 Sun Journal


                              34 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 10, 2015 Tuesday

Household Water Well System Grant Program Announcement of Application Deadlines
and Funding

LENGTH: 7352  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register, Government of USA has issued the following news
release:


Action

Notice Of Solicitation Of Applications (Nosa).
Summary

The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Household Water Well System
Grant Program (HWWS) application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2015. RUS will make
grants to qualified private non-profit organizations to establish lending
programs for homeowners to borrow up to $11,000 to construct or repair household
water wells for an existing home. The HWWS Grant Program is authorized under 7
U.S.C. 1926e. Regulations may be found at 7 CFR part 1776. Of particular note
this year, the RUS will assign administrative discretion points to applications
that:

1. Direct loans to rural areas where according to the American Community Survey
data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living
in poverty. This emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20
percent of its funding by 2016 to these areas of need.

2. Direct loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets, and modern
sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of
disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas.

3. Direct loans to areas stricken by drought.

RUS will publish on its Web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm the amount of funding
received in the final FY2015 Appropriations Act. Successful applications will be
selected by the Agency for funding and subsequently awarded to the extent that
funding may ultimately be made available to the Agency through appropriations.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Overview
    Items in Supplementary Information
    I. Funding Opportunity
    A. Program Description
    B. Background
    C. Purpose
    II. Award Information
    III. Eligibility Information
    A. Who is eligible for grants?
    B. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?
    IV. Application and Submission Information
    A. Where To Get Application Information
    B. Content and Form of Application Submission
    1. Rules and Guidelines
    2. Checklist of Items in Completed Application Packages
    Application Items
    C. How many copies of an application are required?
    D. How and Where To Submit an Application
    1. Submitting Paper Applications
    2. Submitting Electronic Applications
    E. Deadlines
    F. Funding Restrictions
    1. Eligible Grant Purposes
    2. Ineligible Grant Purposes
    V. Application Review Information
    A. Criteria
    B. Evaluation Criteria
    C. Review Standards
    VI. Award Administration Information
    A. Award Notices
    B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements
    C. Reporting
    VII. Agency Contacts
    VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement
    USDA Non-Discrimination Statement
    How To File a Complaint
    Persons With Disabilities

DATES: Back to Top

The deadline for completed applications for a HWWS grant is April 13, 2015.
Applications in either paper or electronic format must be postmarked or
time-stamped electronically on or before the deadline. Late applications will be
ineligible for grant consideration.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

Submit applications to the following addresses:

1. Electronic applications: http://www.grants.gov (Grants.gov). Submit
electronic applications through Grants.gov, following the instructions on that
Web site.

2. Paper applications: Water Programs Division, Rural Utilities Service, STOP:
1570, Room 2233-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570.

Obtain application guides and materials for the HWWS Grant Program
electronically or in paper format from the following addresses:

1. Electronic copies: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm.

2. Paper copies: Write Water Programs Division, Rural Utilities Service, STOP:
1570, Room 2233-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570 or
call (202) 720-9589.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs Specialist, Water Programs Division, Water
and Environmental Programs. Telephone: (202) 720-9589, fax: (202) 690-0649,
email: JoyceM.Taylor@wdc.usda.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

Overview Back to Top

Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service.

Funding Opportunity Title: HWWS Grant Program.

Announcement Type: Solicitation of Applications.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.862.

Due Date for Applications: April 13, 2015.
Items in Supplementary Information Back to Top

I. Funding Opportunity: Description of the HWWS Grant Program.

II. Award Information: To be determined.

III. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of projects are
eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.

IV. Application and Submission Information : Where to get application materials,
what constitutes a completed application, how and where to submit applications,
deadlines, items that are eligible.

V. Application Review Information: Considerations and preferences, scoring
criteria, review standards, selection information.

VI. Award Administration Information: Award notice information, award recipient
reporting requirements.

VII. Agency Contacts: Web, phone, fax, email, contact name.

VIII. Non-discrimination Statement: USDA non-discrimination statement, how to
file a complaint, persons with disabilities.
I. Funding Opportunity Back to Top
A. Program Description

The HWWS Grant Program has been established to help individuals with low to
moderate incomes finance the costs of household water wells that they own or
will own. The HWWS Grant Program is authorized under Section 306E of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT), 7 U.S.C. 1926e. The CONACT
authorizes the RUS to make grants to qualified private non-profit organizations
to establish lending programs for household water wells.

As the grant recipients, private non-profit organizations will receive HWWS
grants to establish lending programs that will provide water well loans to
individuals. The individuals, as loan recipients, may use the loans to
construct, refurbish, and service their household well systems. A loan may not
exceed $11,000 and will have a term up to 20 years at a one percent annual
interest rate.
B. Background

The RUS supports the sound development of rural communities and the growth of
our economy without endangering the environment. The RUS provides financial and
technical assistance to help communities bring safe drinking water and sanitary,
environmentally sound waste disposal facilities to Rural Americans in greatest
need.

Central water systems may not be the only or best solution to drinking water
problems. Distance or physical barriers make public central water systems costly
to deploy in remote areas. A significant number of geographically isolated
households without water service might require individual wells rather than
connections to new or existing community systems. The goal of the RUS is not
only to make funds available to those communities most in need of potable water
but also to ensure that facilities used to deliver drinking water are safe and
affordable. There is a role for private wells in reaching this goal.
C. Purpose

The purpose of the HWWS Grant Program is to provide funds to private non-profit
organizations to assist them in establishing loan programs from which
individuals may borrow money for HWWS. Faith-based organizations are eligible
and encouraged to apply for this program. Applicants must show that the project
will provide technical and financial assistance to eligible individuals to
remedy household well problems.

Due to the limited amount of funds available under the HWWS Grant Program in
previous fiscal years, the RUS expects that 10 applications may be funded from
FY 2015 funds. Applications from existing HWWS grant recipients are acceptable
and will be evaluated as new applications.
II. Award Information Back to Top

Funding Instrument Type: Grant.

Available funds: To be determined. This Notice is being issued prior to passage
of a final appropriations act to allow potential applicants time to submit
proposals and give the Agency time to process applications within the current
fiscal year. RUS will publish on its Web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm the amount of funding
received in the final FY2015 Appropriations Act.

Anticipated Number of Awards: 10.

Length of Project Periods: 12-month project.

Assistance Instrument: Grant Agreement with successful applicants before any
grant funds are disbursed.
III. Eligibility Information Back to Top
A. Who is eligible for grants?

1. An organization is eligible to receive a HWWS grant if it:

a. Has an active registration with current information in the System for Award
Management (SAM) (formerly Central Contractor Registry, (CCR)) and has a Dun and
Bradstreet (D&B) Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number.

b. Is a private, non-profit organization.

c. Is legally established and located within one of the following:

(1) A state within the United States

(2) The District of Columbia

(3) The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico

(4) A United States territory.

d. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant purpose.

e. Has sufficient expertise and experience in lending activities.

f. Has sufficient expertise and experience in promoting the safe and productive
use of individually-owned HWWS and ground water.

g. Has no delinquent debt to the Federal Government or no outstanding judgments
to repay a Federal debt.

h. Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and managerial
capability to comply with Federal and State laws and requirements, and

i. Is not a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had an officer
or agent acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a felony) within the
past 24 months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid federal tax liability that
has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been
exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant
to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability
is not eligible.

2. An individual is ineligible to receive a Household Water Well grant. An
individual may receive a loan from an organization receiving a grant award.
B. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?

1. Project Eligibility. To be eligible for a grant, the project must:

a. Be a revolving loan fund created to provide loans to eligible individuals to
construct, refurbish, and service individually-owned HWWS (see 7 CFR 1776.11 and
1776.12). Loans may not be provided for home sewer or septic system projects.

b. Be established and maintained by a private, non-profit organization.

c. Be located in a rural area. Rural area is defined as locations other than
cities or towns of more than 50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent
urbanized area of such towns and cities.

2. Required Matching Contributions. Grant applicants must provide written
evidence of a matching contribution of at least 10 percent from sources other
than the proceeds of a HWWS grant. In-kind contributions will not be considered
for the matching requirement. Please see 7 CFR 1776.9 for the requirement.

3. Other--Requirements.

a. DUNS Number. The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data
Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The Standard
Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The applicant can obtain
the DUNS number free of charge by calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please see
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more information on how to obtain a DUNS
number or how to verify your organization's number.

b. Prior to submitting an application, the applicant must register in the System
for Award Management (SAM) (formerly Central Contractor Registry, (CCR)).

(1) Applicants may register for the SAM at
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.

(2) The SAM registration must remain active with current information at all
times while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal Grant Award or
loan is active. To maintain the registration in the SAM database the applicant
must review and update the information in the SAM database annually from date of
initial registration or from the date of the last update. The applicant must
ensure that the information in the database is current, accurate, and complete.

c. Eligibility to receive a HWWS loan will be based on the following criteria:

(1) An individual must be a member of a household of which the combined
household income of all members does not exceed 100 percent of the median
non-metropolitan household income for the State or territory in which the
individual resides. Household income is the total income from all sources
received by each adult household member for the most recent 12-month period for
which the information is available. It does not include income earned or
received by dependent children under 18 years old or other benefits that are
excluded by Federal law. The non-metropolitan household income must be based on
the most recent decennial census of the United States.

RUS publishes a list of income exclusions in 7 CFR 3550.54(b). Also, the
Department of Housing and Urban Development published a list of income
exclusions in the Federal Register on May 20, 2014, at 79 FR 28938
(See"Federally Mandated Exclusions").

(2) The loan recipient must own and occupy the home being improved with the
proceeds of the Household Water Well loan or be purchasing the home to occupy
under a legally enforceable land purchase contract which is not in default by
either the seller or the purchaser.

(3) The home being improved with the water well system must be located in a
rural area.

(4) The loan for a water well system must not be associated with the
construction of a new dwelling.

(5) The loan must not be used to substitute a water well system for water
service available from collective water systems. (For example, a loan may not be
used to restore an old well abandoned when a dwelling was connected to a water
district's water line.)

(6) The loan recipient must not be suspended or debarred from participation in
Federal programs.
IV. Application and Submission Information Back to Top
A. Where To Get Application Information

The Household Water Well System Grant Application Guide (Application Guide),
copies of necessary forms and samples, and the HWWS Grant Program regulation are
available from these sources:

1. Internet for electronic copies: http://www.grants.gov or
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm;

2. Water and Environmental Programs for paper copies: RUS, Water Programs
Division, STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Washington, DC
20250-1570, Telephone: (202) 720-9589, Fax: (202) 690-0649.
B. Content and Form of Application Submission
1. Rules and Guidelines

a. Detailed information on each item required can be found in the HWWS Grant
Program regulation (7 CFR part 1776) and the Application Guide. Applicants are
strongly encouraged to read and apply both the regulation and the Application
Guide. This Notice does not change the requirements for a completed application
for any form of HWWS financial assistance specified in the regulation. The
regulation and Application Guide provide specific guidance on each of the items
listed.

b. Applications should be prepared in conformance with the provisions in 7 CFR
part 1776, subpart B, and departmental and other applicable regulations
including 2 CFR parts 180, 182, 417, 421, 7 CFR parts 3015, 3018, 3019, and 3052
or any successor regulations. Applicants should use the Application Guide which
contains instructions and other important information in preparing their
application. Completed applications must include the items found in the
checklist in the next paragraph.
2. Checklist of Items in Completed Application Packages

a. DUNS Number. The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data
Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The Standard
Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The applicant can obtain
the DUNS number free of charge by calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please see
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more information on how to obtain a DUNS
number or how to verify your organization's number.

b. Prior to submitting an application, the applicant must register in the System
for Award Management (SAM) (formerly Central Contractor Registry (CCR).

(1) Applicants may register for the SAM at:
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.

(2) The SAM registration must remain active with current information at all
times while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal Grant Award or
loan is active. To maintain the registration in the SAM database the applicant
must review and update the information in the SAM database annually from date of
initial registration or from the date of the last update. The applicant must
ensure that the information in the database is current, accurate, and complete.

(3) Your organization must be listed in the SAM. If you have not used Grants.gov
before, you will need to register with the SAM and the Credential Provider. New
registrations can take 3-5 business days to process. Updating or renewing an
active registration has a shorter turnaround, 24 hours. Registrations in SAM are
active for one year. The SAM registers your organization, housing your
organizational information and allowing Grants.gov to use the information to
verify your identity. The DUNS number, Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), and
name and address of the applicant organization must match SAM data files.

c. The electronic and paper application process requires forms with the prefixes
RD and SF as well as supporting documents and certifications.
Application Items

(1) SF-424, "Application for Federal Assistance".

(2) SF-424A, "Budget Information--Non-Construction Programs".

(3) SF-424B, "Assurances--Non-Construction Programs".

(4) SF-LLL, "Disclosure of Lobbying Activity".

(5) Form RD 400-1, "Equal Opportunity Agreement".

(6) Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil Rights Act of
1964).

(7) Project Proposal, Project Summary, Needs Assessment, Project Goals and
Objectives, Project Narrative.

(8) Work Plan.

(9) Budget and Budget Justification.

(10) Evidence of Legal Authority and Existence.

(11) Documentation of private non-profit status and Internal Revenue Service
(IRS). Tax Exempt Status.

(12) List of Directors and Officers.

(13) Financial information and sustainability (narrative).

(14) Assurances and Certifications of Compliance with Other Federal Statutes.

The forms in items 1 through 6 must be completed and signed where appropriate by
an official of your organization who has authority to obligate the organization
legally. RD forms are used by programs under the Rural Development mission area.
Standard forms (SF) are used Government-wide. In addition to the sources listed
in section A, the forms may be accessed electronically through the Rural
Development Web site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/FormsAndPublications.html.

See section V, "Application Review Information," for instructions and guidelines
on preparing Items 7 through 13.

3. Compliance with Other Federal Statutes. The applicant must provide evidence
of compliance with other Federal statutes and regulations, including, but not
limited to the following:

a. 7 CFR part 15, subpart A--Nondiscrimination in Federally Assisted Programs of
the Department of Agriculture--Effectuation of Title VI of the Civil Rights Act
of 1964.

b. 2 CFR part 417--Governmentwide Debarment and Suspension (Non-procurement), or
any successor regulations.

c. 7 CFR part 3052--Audits of States, Local Governments, and Non-profit
Organizations, or any successor regulations.

d. Subpart B of 2 CFR part 421, which adopts the Government wide implementation
(2 CFR part 182) of the Drug-Free Workplace Act.

e. Executive Order 13166, "Improving Access to Services for Persons with Limited
English Proficiency. " For information on limited English proficiency and
agency-specific guidance, go to http://www.LEP.gov.

f. Federal Obligation Certification on Delinquent Debt.
C. How many copies of an application are required?

1. Applications Submitted on Paper. Submit one signed original and two
additional copies. The original and each of the two copies must include all
required forms, certifications, assurances, and appendices, be signed by an
authorized representative, and have original signatures. Do not include
organizational brochures or promotional materials.

2. Applications Submitted Electronically. Additional paper copies are
unnecessary if the application is submitted electronically through http://www.
grants.gov.
D. How and Where To Submit an Application
1. Submitting Paper Applications

a. For paper applications, mail or ensure delivery of an original paper
application (no stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures) and two copies by
the deadline date to: RUS, Water Programs Division, STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570, Telephone: (202) 720-9589.

Submit paper applications marked "Attention: Water and Environmental Programs."

b. Applications must show proof of mailing or shipping by one of the following:

(1) A legibly dated U.S. Postal Service (USPS) postmark;

(2) A legible mail receipt with the date of mailing stamped by the USPS; or,

(3) A dated shipping label, invoice, or receipt from a commercial carrier.

c. If a deadline date falls on a weekend, it will be extended to the following
Monday. If the date falls on a Federal holiday, it will be extended to the next
business day.

d. Due to screening procedures at the Department of Agriculture, packages
arriving via the USPS are irradiated, which can damage the contents and delay
delivery. RUS encourages applicants to consider the impact of this procedure in
selecting an application delivery method.
2. Submitting Electronic Applications

a. Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail.

b. Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if submitted through
Grants.gov at http://www.grants.gov.

c. Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to use the
electronic applications option. Application information may be downloaded from
Grants.gov without preregistration.

d. Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their electronic
applications before the deadline.

e. Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required passwords,
credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at Grants.gov for
registering and submitting an electronic application.

f. Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number and an active
registration in SAM. See the "Checklist of Items in Completed Application
Packages" for instructions on obtaining a DUNS number and registering in the
SAM.

g. You must be registered with Grants.gov before you can submit an electronic
grant application.

(1) You must register at http://www.grants.gov/applicants/get_registered.jsp.

(2) Organization registration user guides and checklists are available at
http://www.grants.gov/applicants/get_registered.jsp.

(3) Grants.gov requires some credentialing and online authentication procedures.
When an applicant organization is registered with SAM, the organization
designates a point of contract who receives a password authorizing the person to
designate staff members who are allowed to submit applications electronically
through Grants.gov. These authorized organization representatives must be
registered with Grants.gov to receive a username and password to submit
applications. These procedures may take several business days to complete.

(4) Some or all of the SAM and Grants.gov registration, credentialing and
authorizations require updates. If you have previously registered at Grants.gov
to submit applications electronically, please ensure that your registration,
credentialing and authorizations are up to date well in advance of the grant
application deadline.

h. To use Grants.gov:

(1) Follow the instructions on the Web site to find grant information.

(2) Download a copy of an application package.

(3) Complete the package off-line.

(4) Upload and submit the application via the Grants.gov Web site.

(5) If a system problem or technical difficulty occurs with an electronic
application, please use the customer support resources available at the Grants.
gov Web site.

(6) Again, RUS encourages applicants to take early action to complete the
sign-up, credentialing and authorization procedures at http://www.grants.gov
before submitting an application at the Web site.
E. Deadlines

The deadline for paper and electronic submissions is April 13, 2015. Paper
applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later
than the closing date to be considered for FY 2015 grant funding. Electronic
applications must have an electronic date and time stamp by midnight of April
13, 2015 to be considered on time. RUS will not accept applications by fax or
email. Applications that do not meet the criteria above will be considered late
applications and will not be considered. RUS will notify each late applicant
that its application will not be considered.
F. Funding Restrictions
1. Eligible Grant Purposes

a. Grant funds must be used to establish and maintain a revolving loan fund to
provide loans to eligible individuals for household water well systems.

b. Individuals may use the loans to construct, refurbish, rehabilitate, or
replace household water well systems up to the point of entry of a home. Point
of entry for the well system is the junction where water enters into a home
water delivery system after being pumped from a well.

c. Grant funds may be used to pay administrative expenses associated with
providing Household Water Well loans.
2. Ineligible Grant Purposes

a. Administrative expenses incurred in any calendar year that exceed 10 percent
of the household water well loans made during the same period do not qualify for
reimbursement.

b. Administrative expenses incurred before RUS executes a grant agreement with
the recipient do not qualify for reimbursement.

c. Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government does not qualify for
reimbursement.

d. Grant funds may not be used to provide loans for household sewer or septic
systems.

e. Household Water Well loans may not be used to pay the costs of water well
systems for the construction of a new house.

f. Household Water Well loans may not be used to pay the costs of a home
plumbing system.
V. Application Review Information Back to Top
A. Criteria

This section contains instructions and guidelines on preparing the project
proposal, work plan, and budget sections of the application. Also, guidelines
are provided on the additional information required for RUS to determine
eligibility and financial feasibility.

1. Project Proposal. The project proposal should outline the project in
sufficient detail to provide a reader with a complete understanding of the loan
program. Explain what will be accomplished by lending funds to individual well
owners. Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed loan program in meeting the
objectives of this grant program. The proposal should include the following
elements:

a. Project Summary. Present a brief project overview. Explain the purpose of the
project, how it relates to RUS' purposes, how the project will be executed, what
the project will produce, and who will direct it.

b. Needs Assessment. To show why the project is necessary, clearly identify the
economic, social, financial, or other problems that require solutions.
Demonstrate the well owners' need for financial and technical assistance.
Quantify the number of prospective borrowers or provide statistical or narrative
evidence that a sufficient number of borrowers will exist to justify the grant
award. Describe the service area. Provide information on the household income of
the area and other demographical information. Address community needs.

c. Project Goals and Objectives. Clearly state the project goals. The objectives
should clearly describe the goals and be concrete and specific enough to be
quantitative or observable. They should also be feasible and relate to the
purpose of the grant and loan program.

d. Project Narrative. The narrative should cover in more detail the items
briefly described in the Project Summary. Demonstrate the grant applicant's
experience and expertise in promoting the safe and productive use of
individually-owned household water well systems. The narrative should address
the following points:

(1) Document the grant applicant's ability to manage and service a revolving
fund. The narrative may describe the systems that are in place for the full life
cycle of a loan from loan origination through servicing. If a servicing
contractor will service the loan portfolio, the arrangement and services
provided must be discussed.

(2) Show evidence of the availability of funds from sources other than the HWWS
grant. Describe the contributions the project will receive from your
organization, state agencies, local government, other federal agencies,
non-government organizations, private industry, and individuals. The
documentation should describe how the contributions will be used to pay your
operational costs and provide financial assistance for projects.

(3) Demonstrate that the organization has secured commitments of significant
financial support from other funding sources.

(4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be assessed.

2. Work Plan. The work plan or scope of work must describe the tasks and
activities that will be accomplished with available resources during the grant
period. It must include who will carry out the activities and services to be
performed and specific timeframes for completion. Describe any unusual or unique
features of the project such as innovations, reductions in cost or time, or
extraordinary community involvement.

3. Budget and Budget Justification. Use the Form SF-424A, Budget
Information--Non-Construction Programs, to show your budget cost elements. The
form summarizes resources as Federal and non-Federal funds and costs. "Federal"
refers only to the HWWS Grant Program for which you are applying. "Non-Federal"
refers to resources from your organization, state agencies, local government,
other Federal agencies, non-government organizations, private industry, and
individuals. Both Federal and non-Federal resources shall be detailed and
justified in the budget and narrative justification.

a. Provide a budget with line item detail and detailed calculations for each
budget object class identified in section B of the Budget Information form
(SF-424A). Detailed calculations must include estimation methods, quantities,
unit costs, and other similar quantitative detail sufficient for the calculation
to be duplicated. Also include a breakout by the funding sources identified in
Block 15 of the SF-424.

b. Provide a narrative budget justification that describes how the categorical
costs are derived for all capital and administrative expenditures, the matching
contribution, and other sources of funds necessary to complete the project.
Discuss the necessity, reasonableness, and allocability of the proposed costs.
Consult OMB Circular A-122: "Cost Principles for Non-Profit Organizations", and
any successor OMB guidance for information about appropriate costs for each
budget category.

c. If the grant applicant will use a servicing contractor, the fees may be
reimbursed as an administrative expense as provided in 7 CFR 1776.13. These fees
must be discussed in the budget narrative. If the grant applicant will hire a
servicing contractor, it must demonstrate that all procurement transactions will
be conducted in a manner to provide, to the maximum extent practical, open and
free competition. Recipients must justify any anticipated procurement action
that is expected to be awarded without competition and exceed the simplified
acquisition threshold fixed at 41 U.S.C. 134 (currently set at $100,000).

d. The indirect cost category should be used only when the grant applicant
currently has an indirect cost rate approved by the Department of Agriculture or
another cognizant Federal agency. A grant applicant that will charge indirect
costs to the grant must enclose a copy of the current rate agreement. If the
grant applicant is in the process of initially developing or renegotiating a
rate, the grant applicant shall submit its indirect cost proposal to the
cognizant agency immediately after the applicant is advised that an award will
be made. In no event, shall the indirect cost proposal be submitted later than
three months after the effective date of the award. Consult OMB Circular A-122
and any successor OMB guidance for information about indirect costs.

4. Evidence of Legal Authority and Existence. The applicant must provide
satisfactory documentation that it is legally recognized under state or Tribal
and Federal law as a private non-profit organization. The documentation also
must show that it has the authority to enter into a grant agreement with the RUS
and to perform the activities proposed under the grant application. Satisfactory
documentation includes, but is not limited to, certificates from the Secretary
of State, copies of state/Tribal statutes or laws establishing your
organization, and copies of your organization's articles of incorporation and
bylaws. Letters from IRS awarding tax-exempt status are not considered adequate
evidence.

5. List of Directors and Officers. The applicant must submit a certified list of
directors and officers with their respective terms.

6. IRS Tax Exempt Status. The applicant must submit evidence of tax exempt
status from the Internal Revenue Service.

7. Financial Information and Sustainability. The applicant must submit pro forma
balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow statements for the last three
years and projections for three years. Additionally, the most recent audit of
the applicant's organization must be submitted.
B. Evaluation Criteria

Grant applications that are complete and eligible will be scored competitively
based on the following scoring criteria:
Scoring criteria  Points
Degree of expertise and experience in promoting the safe and productive use of
individually-owned household water well systems and ground water  Up to 30
points.
Degree of expertise and successful experience in making and servicing loans to
individuals  Up to 20 points.
Percentage of applicant contributions. Points allowed under this paragraph will
be based on written evidence of the availability of funds from sources other
than the proceeds of a HWWS grant to pay part of the cost of a loan recipient's
project. In-kind contributions will not be considered. Funds from other sources
as a percentage of the HWWS grant and points corresponding to such percentages
are as follows:
0 to 9 percent  ineligible.
10 to 25 percent  5 points.
26 to 30 percent  10 points.
31 to 50 percent  15 points.
51 percent or more  20 points.
Extent to which the work plan demonstrates a well thought out, comprehensive
approach to accomplishing the objectives of this part, clearly defines who will
be served by the project, and appears likely to be sustainable  Up to 20 points.

Extent to which the goals and objectives are clearly defined, tied to the work
plan, and measurable  Up to 10 points.
Lowest ratio of projected administrative expenses to loans advanced  Up to 10
points.
Administrator's discretion, considering such factors as:
Creative outreach ideas for marketing HWWS loans to rural residents; factors
include:  Up to 10 points.
1. Directs loans to rural areas where according to the American Community Survey
data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living
in poverty. This emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20
percent of its funding by 2016 to these areas of need.
2. Directs loans to areas that lack running water, flush toilets, and modern
sewage disposal systems, and areas that have open sewers and high rates of
disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas.
3. Directs loans to areas stricken by drought.
C. Review Standards

1. Incomplete applications as of the deadline for submission will not be
considered. If an application is determined to be incomplete, the applicant will
be notified in writing and the application will be returned with no further
action.

2. Ineligible applications will be returned to the applicant with an
explanation.

3. Complete, eligible applications will be evaluated competitively by a review
team, composed of at least two RUS employees selected from the Water Programs
Division. They will make overall recommendations based on the program elements
found in 7 CFR part 1776 and the review criteria presented in this notice. They
will award points as described in the scoring criteria in 7 CFR 1776.9 and this
notice. Each application will receive a score based on the averages of the
reviewers' scores and discretionary points awarded by the RUS Administrator.

4. Applications will be ranked and grants awarded in rank order until all grant
funds are expended.

5. Regardless of the score an application receives, if RUS determines that the
project is technically infeasible, RUS will notify the applicant, in writing,
and the application will be returned with no further action.
VI. Award Administration Information Back to Top
A. Award Notices

RUS will notify a successful applicant by an award letter accompanied by a grant
agreement. The grant agreement will contain the terms and conditions for the
grant. The applicant must execute and return the grant agreement, accompanied by
any additional items required by the award letter or grant agreement.
B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

1. This notice, the 7 CFR part 1776, and the Application Guide implement the
appropriate administrative and national policy requirements.

2. Direct Federal grants, sub-award funds, or contracts under the HWWS Grant
Program shall not be used to fund inherently religious activities, such as
worship, religious instruction, or proselytization. Therefore, organizations
that receive direct assistance should take steps to separate, in time or
location, their inherently religious activities from the services funded under
the HWWS Grant Program. Regulations for the Equal Treatment for Faith-based
Organizations are contained in 7 CFR part 16, which includes the prohibition
against Federal funding of inherently religious activities.
C. Reporting

1. Performance Reporting. All recipients of HWWS Grant Program financial
assistance must provide quarterly performance activity reports to RUS until the
project is complete and the funds are expended. A final performance report is
also required. The final report may serve as the last annual report. The final
report must include an evaluation of the success of the project.

2. Financial Reporting. All recipients of HWWS Grant Program financial
assistance must provide an annual audit, beginning with the first year a portion
of the financial assistance is expended. The grantee will provide an audit
report or financial statements as follows:

a. Grantees expending $500,000 or more Federal funds per fiscal year will submit
an audit conducted in accordance with OMB Circular A-133 or any successor OMB
guidance. The audit will be submitted within 9 months after the grantee's fiscal
year. Additional audits may be required if the project period covers more than
one fiscal year.

b. Grantees expending less than $500,000 will provide annual financial
statements covering the grant period, consisting of the organization's statement
of income and expense and balance sheet signed by an appropriate official of the
organization. Financial statements will be submitted within 90 days after the
grantee's fiscal year.

3. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting. The applicant must have the necessary
processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements for
first-tier sub-awards and executive compensation under the Federal Funding
Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives
funding unless such applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements
pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 Section 170.110(b). The reporting requirements under
the Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are as follows:

a. First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act funds (unless
they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to
http://www.fsrs.gov no later than the end of the month following the month the
obligation was made.

b. The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if the Recipient
meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ by the end of the month following the
month in which the award was made.

c. The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Subrecipient (if the
Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to the Recipient by the
end of the month following the month in which the subaward was made.
VII. Agency Contacts Back to Top

A. Web site: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm.

B. Phone: 202-720-0499.

C. Fax: 202-690-0649.

D. Email: JoyceM.Taylor@wdc.usda.gov

E. Main point of contact: Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs Specialist, Water
Programs Division, Water and Environmental Programs, RUS, U.S. Department of
Agriculture.
VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement Back to Top
USDA Non-Discrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)
How To File a Complaint

If you wish to file an employment complaint, you must contact your agency's EEO
Counselor within 45 days of the date of the alleged discriminatory act, event,
or in the case of a personnel action. Additional information can be found online
at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov
Persons With Disabilities

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and you
wish to file either an EEO or program complaint please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

Dated: January 6, 2015.

Jasper Schneider,

Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             Bray People (Ireland)

                                January 16, 2013

Deadline for septic tank charge looms

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS

LENGTH: 530 words


IN ADDITION to the property tax, some homeowners are also liable for a one-off
septic tank charge of EUR50.

This is due for payment on or before February 1 this year. Payment after
February 1 may lead to possible prosecution and a maximum fine of EUR5,000.

Although generally known as the Septic Tank Charge, the official title is the
Water Services ( Amendment) Bill 2011.

The legislation provides for a registration and inspection system for septic
tanks and other domestic waste water treatment systems.

Contrary to popular belief, it is not just septic tanks that need to be
registered. Basically any property that is not connected to the main sewerage
system will be expected to register.

The Septic Tank charge was introduced in February 2012 to address the European
Court of Justice ruling against Ireland in October 2009 and to protect ground
and surface water quality from the risks posed by malfunctioning systems.

Registration forms are available from Local Authority Offices, Public Libraries,
Citizen information centres, Protect Our Water (Lo- Call 1890 800 800) and the
Protect Our Water's website.

Where application is made in writing, households can pay by cheque, bank draft,
postal order, or credit or debit card.

Households can also register and pay online by credit or debit card by creating
an account on the Protect Our Water website.

The EUR50 fee is payable to cover the costs of administration by the water
services authorities and of the riskbased inspections to be carried out.

The basic standard to be met by all domestic wastewater treatment systems is
that they do not cause a risk to human health or the environment. The
regulations also provide for the operation and maintenance of treatment systems
and set out de-sludging requirements

Inspections will commence after the end of the registration period in 2013 and
will be objective and evidencebased. Householders can be assured that if their
systems are working properly and are being maintained, they need not be
concerned. There will be a proportionate and risk- based approach to
inspections, which will be targeted towards areas where drinking water sources
or habitats are at risk from septic tank discharges.

Unlike the property tax system, there are no exemptions. All owners of premises
connected to domestic waste water treatment systems must register their system.
This includes owners of properties which are let, whether private landlords or
local authorities, and employers who provide living accommodation to employees.

Provision is being made in the Rural Water Programme 2013 for a grant scheme to
provide financial assistance to those households whose domestic wastewater
treatment systems are deemed, following inspection, to require remediation or
upgrading.

The level of grant available will be dependent on the income of the household.
The grant assistance will only be available to householders who have registered
their system by February 1 2013.

A certificate of registration is valid for five years and the date of expiry
will appear on the certificate. Re-registration after five years is necessary
but there will be no fee payable for second or subsequent registrations.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Wicklow People (Ireland)

                                January 16, 2013

Deadline for septic tank charge looms

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS

LENGTH: 530 words


IN ADDITION to the property tax, some homeowners are also liable for a one-off
septic tank charge of EUR50.

This is due for payment on or before February 1 this year. Payment after
February 1 may lead to possible prosecution and a maximum fine of EUR5,000.

Although generally known as the Septic Tank Charge, the official title is the
Water Services ( Amendment) Bill 2011.

The legislation provides for a registration and inspection system for septic
tanks and other domestic waste water treatment systems.

Contrary to popular belief, it is not just septic tanks that need to be
registered. Basically any property that is not connected to the main sewerage
system will be expected to register.

The Septic Tank charge was introduced in February 2012 to address the European
Court of Justice ruling against Ireland in October 2009 and to protect ground
and surface water quality from the risks posed by malfunctioning systems.

Registration forms are available from Local Authority Offices, Public Libraries,
Citizen information centres, Protect Our Water (Lo- Call 1890 800 800) and the
Protect Our Water's website.

Where application is made in writing, households can pay by cheque, bank draft,
postal order, or credit or debit card.

Households can also register and pay online by credit or debit card by creating
an account on the Protect Our Water website.

The EUR50 fee is payable to cover the costs of administration by the water
services authorities and of the riskbased inspections to be carried out.

The basic standard to be met by all domestic wastewater treatment systems is
that they do not cause a risk to human health or the environment. The
regulations also provide for the operation and maintenance of treatment systems
and set out de-sludging requirements

Inspections will commence after the end of the registration period in 2013 and
will be objective and evidencebased. Householders can be assured that if their
systems are working properly and are being maintained, they need not be
concerned. There will be a proportionate and risk- based approach to
inspections, which will be targeted towards areas where drinking water sources
or habitats are at risk from septic tank discharges.

Unlike the property tax system, there are no exemptions. All owners of premises
connected to domestic waste water treatment systems must register their system.
This includes owners of properties which are let, whether private landlords or
local authorities, and employers who provide living accommodation to employees.

Provision is being made in the Rural Water Programme 2013 for a grant scheme to
provide financial assistance to those households whose domestic wastewater
treatment systems are deemed, following inspection, to require remediation or
upgrading.

The level of grant available will be dependent on the income of the household.
The grant assistance will only be available to householders who have registered
their system by February 1 2013.

A certificate of registration is valid for five years and the date of expiry
will appear on the certificate. Re-registration after five years is necessary
but there will be no fee payable for second or subsequent registrations.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                          September 10, 2008 Wednesday
                                  East Edition

JEWISH DAY SCHOOL CELEBRATES EXPANSION

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 328 words


COUNTYWIDE

The Pinellas County Jewish Day School, 1775 S Highland Ave., Clearwater, will
celebrate its expansion from 7 to 9 p.m. Sept. 18. The event marks the
completion of phase I of the school's capital campaign, which includes the
addition of four new classrooms. School tours and refreshments will be offered.
RSVP by Saturday. Call (727) 588-0100 or go to www.pcjds.org.

LEALMAN

Free, reduced lunches available at center

Free and reduced-price meals are available to eligible children and adults at
Lealman Adult Day Center, 3455 58th Ave. N, and Largo Adult Day Center, 11095
131st St. Participants must complete an application with eligibility
information, including names of all household members; the Social Security
number of the head of household, primary wage earner or adult signing the
application, or an indication that no household member has a Social Security
number; total monthly household income or Food Stamps; SSI, Medicaid or FDPIR
identification number; and a signature from an adult center participant. Call
573-9444.

COUNTYWIDE

Mini-grants will fund class water projects

Educators interested in securing grant funding for classroom projects that focus
on water quality, natural systems, water conservation, alternative water
sources, flood protection or watersheds are encouraged to apply for a Splash!
mini-grant through the Southwest Florida Water Management District. The goal of
the mini-grant program is to promote hands-on water resources education that
teaches students about their local watersheds and the water resources within
them. The mini-grants provide up to $5,000 per school on a reimbursement basis
only and are available to public, private and homeschool teachers. Grant
applications are due Friday. For information, log on to the district's Web site
at WaterMatters.org/mini-grants to fill out the online application. For
additional information, call Mary Margaret Hull, lead communications
coordinator, at 1-800-423-1476, ext. 4774.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2008 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Kokomo Tribune (Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 18, 2017 Wednesday

Peru officials apply for grant to upgrade water system

BYLINE: Kokomo Tribune, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 313 words


Jan. 18--Peru officials are asking for the public's help in applying for a grant
that will upgrade and improve the city's water treatment plant and water lines.

The city is applying for a Community Development Block Grant, which is offered
through the Indiana Office of Community and Rural Affairs.

If the city is awarded the grant, the money would go toward projects to upgrade
the city's water systems.

As part of the application process, surveys have been randomly mailed to Peru
residents. Officials are asking that anyone who receives a survey to complete it
and return it in the self-addressed stamped envelope.

"Your support and participation is crucial to providing Peru the opportunity to
apply for grant dollars," officials with Peru Utilities said in a press release.

All information provided in the survey will be kept confidential and only a
collective summary will be included in the grant application. Official
representatives will never ask for any personal information such as
social-security numbers or bank account information.

Reminders will be sent to every household which does not complete a survey.
Every time surveys are mailed, it costs the city money for the postage and
material, "so we appreciate your reply to our initial survey mailing," officials
said.

A public hearing to discuss the grant is scheduled for 5 p.m. Feb. 1 at Peru
Utilities.

The Community Development Block Grant is a federally funded grant program that
benefits rural communities and funds initiatives such as planning studies,
improvements to community centers, wastewater, water, roads and bridges.

In order for communities to receive grant dollars, combined income levels must
be provided for households benefiting from the program.

___ (c)2017 the Kokomo Tribune (Kokomo, Ind.) Visit the Kokomo Tribune (Kokomo,
Ind.) at www.kokomotribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170118-KO-Peru-officials-apply-for-grant-to-upgrade-water-system
-0118-20170118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KO


                         Copyright 2017 Kokomo Tribune


                              39 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 18, 2017 Wednesday

Peru officials apply for grant to upgrade water system

BYLINE: Pharos-Tribune, Logansport, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 314 words


Jan. 18--Peru officials are asking for the public's help in applying for a grant
that will upgrade and improve the city's water treatment plant and water lines.

The city is applying for a Community Development Block Grant, which is offered
through the Indiana Office of Community and Rural Affairs.

If the city is awarded the grant, the money would go toward projects to upgrade
the city's water systems.

As part of the application process, surveys have been randomly mailed to Peru
residents. Officials are asking that anyone who receives a survey to complete it
and return it in the self-addressed stamped envelope.

"Your support and participation is crucial to providing Peru the opportunity to
apply for grant dollars," officials with Peru Utilities said in a press release.

All information provided in the survey will be kept confidential and only a
collective summary will be included in the grant application. Official
representatives will never ask for any personal information such as
social-security numbers or bank account information.

Reminders will be sent to every household which does not complete a survey.
Every time surveys are mailed, it costs the city money for the postage and
material, "so we appreciate your reply to our initial survey mailing," officials
said.

A public hearing to discuss the grant is scheduled for 5 p.m. Feb. 1 at Peru
Utilities.

The Community Development Block Grant is a federally funded grant program that
benefits rural communities and funds initiatives such as planning studies,
improvements to community centers, wastewater, water, roads and bridges.

In order for communities to receive grant dollars, combined income levels must
be provided for households benefiting from the program.

___ (c)2017 the Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Ind.) Visit the Pharos-Tribune
(Logansport, Ind.) at www.pharostribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170118-LG-Peru-officials-apply-for-grant-to-upgrade-water-system
-0118-20170118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LG


                         Copyright 2017 Pharos-Tribune


                              40 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 10, 2015 Tuesday

Household Water Well System Grant Program Announcement of Application Deadlines
and Funding

LENGTH: 7352  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register, Government of USA has issued the following news
release:


Action

Notice Of Solicitation Of Applications (Nosa).
Summary

The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Household Water Well System
Grant Program (HWWS) application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2015. RUS will make
grants to qualified private non-profit organizations to establish lending
programs for homeowners to borrow up to $11,000 to construct or repair household
water wells for an existing home. The HWWS Grant Program is authorized under 7
U.S.C. 1926e. Regulations may be found at 7 CFR part 1776. Of particular note
this year, the RUS will assign administrative discretion points to applications
that:

1. Direct loans to rural areas where according to the American Community Survey
data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living
in poverty. This emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20
percent of its funding by 2016 to these areas of need.

2. Direct loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets, and modern
sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of
disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas.

3. Direct loans to areas stricken by drought.

RUS will publish on its Web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm the amount of funding
received in the final FY2015 Appropriations Act. Successful applications will be
selected by the Agency for funding and subsequently awarded to the extent that
funding may ultimately be made available to the Agency through appropriations.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Overview
    Items in Supplementary Information
    I. Funding Opportunity
    A. Program Description
    B. Background
    C. Purpose
    II. Award Information
    III. Eligibility Information
    A. Who is eligible for grants?
    B. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?
    IV. Application and Submission Information
    A. Where To Get Application Information
    B. Content and Form of Application Submission
    1. Rules and Guidelines
    2. Checklist of Items in Completed Application Packages
    Application Items
    C. How many copies of an application are required?
    D. How and Where To Submit an Application
    1. Submitting Paper Applications
    2. Submitting Electronic Applications
    E. Deadlines
    F. Funding Restrictions
    1. Eligible Grant Purposes
    2. Ineligible Grant Purposes
    V. Application Review Information
    A. Criteria
    B. Evaluation Criteria
    C. Review Standards
    VI. Award Administration Information
    A. Award Notices
    B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements
    C. Reporting
    VII. Agency Contacts
    VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement
    USDA Non-Discrimination Statement
    How To File a Complaint
    Persons With Disabilities

DATES: Back to Top

The deadline for completed applications for a HWWS grant is April 13, 2015.
Applications in either paper or electronic format must be postmarked or
time-stamped electronically on or before the deadline. Late applications will be
ineligible for grant consideration.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

Submit applications to the following addresses:

1. Electronic applications: http://www.grants.gov (Grants.gov). Submit
electronic applications through Grants.gov, following the instructions on that
Web site.

2. Paper applications: Water Programs Division, Rural Utilities Service, STOP:
1570, Room 2233-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570.

Obtain application guides and materials for the HWWS Grant Program
electronically or in paper format from the following addresses:

1. Electronic copies: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm.

2. Paper copies: Write Water Programs Division, Rural Utilities Service, STOP:
1570, Room 2233-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570 or
call (202) 720-9589.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs Specialist, Water Programs Division, Water
and Environmental Programs. Telephone: (202) 720-9589, fax: (202) 690-0649,
email: JoyceM.Taylor@wdc.usda.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

Overview Back to Top

Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service.

Funding Opportunity Title: HWWS Grant Program.

Announcement Type: Solicitation of Applications.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.862.

Due Date for Applications: April 13, 2015.
Items in Supplementary Information Back to Top

I. Funding Opportunity: Description of the HWWS Grant Program.

II. Award Information: To be determined.

III. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of projects are
eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.

IV. Application and Submission Information : Where to get application materials,
what constitutes a completed application, how and where to submit applications,
deadlines, items that are eligible.

V. Application Review Information: Considerations and preferences, scoring
criteria, review standards, selection information.

VI. Award Administration Information: Award notice information, award recipient
reporting requirements.

VII. Agency Contacts: Web, phone, fax, email, contact name.

VIII. Non-discrimination Statement: USDA non-discrimination statement, how to
file a complaint, persons with disabilities.
I. Funding Opportunity Back to Top
A. Program Description

The HWWS Grant Program has been established to help individuals with low to
moderate incomes finance the costs of household water wells that they own or
will own. The HWWS Grant Program is authorized under Section 306E of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT), 7 U.S.C. 1926e. The CONACT
authorizes the RUS to make grants to qualified private non-profit organizations
to establish lending programs for household water wells.

As the grant recipients, private non-profit organizations will receive HWWS
grants to establish lending programs that will provide water well loans to
individuals. The individuals, as loan recipients, may use the loans to
construct, refurbish, and service their household well systems. A loan may not
exceed $11,000 and will have a term up to 20 years at a one percent annual
interest rate.
B. Background

The RUS supports the sound development of rural communities and the growth of
our economy without endangering the environment. The RUS provides financial and
technical assistance to help communities bring safe drinking water and sanitary,
environmentally sound waste disposal facilities to Rural Americans in greatest
need.

Central water systems may not be the only or best solution to drinking water
problems. Distance or physical barriers make public central water systems costly
to deploy in remote areas. A significant number of geographically isolated
households without water service might require individual wells rather than
connections to new or existing community systems. The goal of the RUS is not
only to make funds available to those communities most in need of potable water
but also to ensure that facilities used to deliver drinking water are safe and
affordable. There is a role for private wells in reaching this goal.
C. Purpose

The purpose of the HWWS Grant Program is to provide funds to private non-profit
organizations to assist them in establishing loan programs from which
individuals may borrow money for HWWS. Faith-based organizations are eligible
and encouraged to apply for this program. Applicants must show that the project
will provide technical and financial assistance to eligible individuals to
remedy household well problems.

Due to the limited amount of funds available under the HWWS Grant Program in
previous fiscal years, the RUS expects that 10 applications may be funded from
FY 2015 funds. Applications from existing HWWS grant recipients are acceptable
and will be evaluated as new applications.
II. Award Information Back to Top

Funding Instrument Type: Grant.

Available funds: To be determined. This Notice is being issued prior to passage
of a final appropriations act to allow potential applicants time to submit
proposals and give the Agency time to process applications within the current
fiscal year. RUS will publish on its Web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm the amount of funding
received in the final FY2015 Appropriations Act.

Anticipated Number of Awards: 10.

Length of Project Periods: 12-month project.

Assistance Instrument: Grant Agreement with successful applicants before any
grant funds are disbursed.
III. Eligibility Information Back to Top
A. Who is eligible for grants?

1. An organization is eligible to receive a HWWS grant if it:

a. Has an active registration with current information in the System for Award
Management (SAM) (formerly Central Contractor Registry, (CCR)) and has a Dun and
Bradstreet (D&B) Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number.

b. Is a private, non-profit organization.

c. Is legally established and located within one of the following:

(1) A state within the United States

(2) The District of Columbia

(3) The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico

(4) A United States territory.

d. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant purpose.

e. Has sufficient expertise and experience in lending activities.

f. Has sufficient expertise and experience in promoting the safe and productive
use of individually-owned HWWS and ground water.

g. Has no delinquent debt to the Federal Government or no outstanding judgments
to repay a Federal debt.

h. Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and managerial
capability to comply with Federal and State laws and requirements, and

i. Is not a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had an officer
or agent acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a felony) within the
past 24 months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid federal tax liability that
has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been
exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant
to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability
is not eligible.

2. An individual is ineligible to receive a Household Water Well grant. An
individual may receive a loan from an organization receiving a grant award.
B. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?

1. Project Eligibility. To be eligible for a grant, the project must:

a. Be a revolving loan fund created to provide loans to eligible individuals to
construct, refurbish, and service individually-owned HWWS (see 7 CFR 1776.11 and
1776.12). Loans may not be provided for home sewer or septic system projects.

b. Be established and maintained by a private, non-profit organization.

c. Be located in a rural area. Rural area is defined as locations other than
cities or towns of more than 50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent
urbanized area of such towns and cities.

2. Required Matching Contributions. Grant applicants must provide written
evidence of a matching contribution of at least 10 percent from sources other
than the proceeds of a HWWS grant. In-kind contributions will not be considered
for the matching requirement. Please see 7 CFR 1776.9 for the requirement.

3. Other--Requirements.

a. DUNS Number. The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data
Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The Standard
Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The applicant can obtain
the DUNS number free of charge by calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please see
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more information on how to obtain a DUNS
number or how to verify your organization's number.

b. Prior to submitting an application, the applicant must register in the System
for Award Management (SAM) (formerly Central Contractor Registry, (CCR)).

(1) Applicants may register for the SAM at
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.

(2) The SAM registration must remain active with current information at all
times while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal Grant Award or
loan is active. To maintain the registration in the SAM database the applicant
must review and update the information in the SAM database annually from date of
initial registration or from the date of the last update. The applicant must
ensure that the information in the database is current, accurate, and complete.

c. Eligibility to receive a HWWS loan will be based on the following criteria:

(1) An individual must be a member of a household of which the combined
household income of all members does not exceed 100 percent of the median
non-metropolitan household income for the State or territory in which the
individual resides. Household income is the total income from all sources
received by each adult household member for the most recent 12-month period for
which the information is available. It does not include income earned or
received by dependent children under 18 years old or other benefits that are
excluded by Federal law. The non-metropolitan household income must be based on
the most recent decennial census of the United States.

RUS publishes a list of income exclusions in 7 CFR 3550.54(b). Also, the
Department of Housing and Urban Development published a list of income
exclusions in the Federal Register on May 20, 2014, at 79 FR 28938
(See"Federally Mandated Exclusions").

(2) The loan recipient must own and occupy the home being improved with the
proceeds of the Household Water Well loan or be purchasing the home to occupy
under a legally enforceable land purchase contract which is not in default by
either the seller or the purchaser.

(3) The home being improved with the water well system must be located in a
rural area.

(4) The loan for a water well system must not be associated with the
construction of a new dwelling.

(5) The loan must not be used to substitute a water well system for water
service available from collective water systems. (For example, a loan may not be
used to restore an old well abandoned when a dwelling was connected to a water
district's water line.)

(6) The loan recipient must not be suspended or debarred from participation in
Federal programs.
IV. Application and Submission Information Back to Top
A. Where To Get Application Information

The Household Water Well System Grant Application Guide (Application Guide),
copies of necessary forms and samples, and the HWWS Grant Program regulation are
available from these sources:

1. Internet for electronic copies: http://www.grants.gov or
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm;

2. Water and Environmental Programs for paper copies: RUS, Water Programs
Division, STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Washington, DC
20250-1570, Telephone: (202) 720-9589, Fax: (202) 690-0649.
B. Content and Form of Application Submission
1. Rules and Guidelines

a. Detailed information on each item required can be found in the HWWS Grant
Program regulation (7 CFR part 1776) and the Application Guide. Applicants are
strongly encouraged to read and apply both the regulation and the Application
Guide. This Notice does not change the requirements for a completed application
for any form of HWWS financial assistance specified in the regulation. The
regulation and Application Guide provide specific guidance on each of the items
listed.

b. Applications should be prepared in conformance with the provisions in 7 CFR
part 1776, subpart B, and departmental and other applicable regulations
including 2 CFR parts 180, 182, 417, 421, 7 CFR parts 3015, 3018, 3019, and 3052
or any successor regulations. Applicants should use the Application Guide which
contains instructions and other important information in preparing their
application. Completed applications must include the items found in the
checklist in the next paragraph.
2. Checklist of Items in Completed Application Packages

a. DUNS Number. The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data
Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The Standard
Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The applicant can obtain
the DUNS number free of charge by calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please see
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more information on how to obtain a DUNS
number or how to verify your organization's number.

b. Prior to submitting an application, the applicant must register in the System
for Award Management (SAM) (formerly Central Contractor Registry (CCR).

(1) Applicants may register for the SAM at:
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.

(2) The SAM registration must remain active with current information at all
times while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal Grant Award or
loan is active. To maintain the registration in the SAM database the applicant
must review and update the information in the SAM database annually from date of
initial registration or from the date of the last update. The applicant must
ensure that the information in the database is current, accurate, and complete.

(3) Your organization must be listed in the SAM. If you have not used Grants.gov
before, you will need to register with the SAM and the Credential Provider. New
registrations can take 3-5 business days to process. Updating or renewing an
active registration has a shorter turnaround, 24 hours. Registrations in SAM are
active for one year. The SAM registers your organization, housing your
organizational information and allowing Grants.gov to use the information to
verify your identity. The DUNS number, Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), and
name and address of the applicant organization must match SAM data files.

c. The electronic and paper application process requires forms with the prefixes
RD and SF as well as supporting documents and certifications.
Application Items

(1) SF-424, "Application for Federal Assistance".

(2) SF-424A, "Budget Information--Non-Construction Programs".

(3) SF-424B, "Assurances--Non-Construction Programs".

(4) SF-LLL, "Disclosure of Lobbying Activity".

(5) Form RD 400-1, "Equal Opportunity Agreement".

(6) Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil Rights Act of
1964).

(7) Project Proposal, Project Summary, Needs Assessment, Project Goals and
Objectives, Project Narrative.

(8) Work Plan.

(9) Budget and Budget Justification.

(10) Evidence of Legal Authority and Existence.

(11) Documentation of private non-profit status and Internal Revenue Service
(IRS). Tax Exempt Status.

(12) List of Directors and Officers.

(13) Financial information and sustainability (narrative).

(14) Assurances and Certifications of Compliance with Other Federal Statutes.

The forms in items 1 through 6 must be completed and signed where appropriate by
an official of your organization who has authority to obligate the organization
legally. RD forms are used by programs under the Rural Development mission area.
Standard forms (SF) are used Government-wide. In addition to the sources listed
in section A, the forms may be accessed electronically through the Rural
Development Web site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/FormsAndPublications.html.

See section V, "Application Review Information," for instructions and guidelines
on preparing Items 7 through 13.

3. Compliance with Other Federal Statutes. The applicant must provide evidence
of compliance with other Federal statutes and regulations, including, but not
limited to the following:

a. 7 CFR part 15, subpart A--Nondiscrimination in Federally Assisted Programs of
the Department of Agriculture--Effectuation of Title VI of the Civil Rights Act
of 1964.

b. 2 CFR part 417--Governmentwide Debarment and Suspension (Non-procurement), or
any successor regulations.

c. 7 CFR part 3052--Audits of States, Local Governments, and Non-profit
Organizations, or any successor regulations.

d. Subpart B of 2 CFR part 421, which adopts the Government wide implementation
(2 CFR part 182) of the Drug-Free Workplace Act.

e. Executive Order 13166, "Improving Access to Services for Persons with Limited
English Proficiency. " For information on limited English proficiency and
agency-specific guidance, go to http://www.LEP.gov.

f. Federal Obligation Certification on Delinquent Debt.
C. How many copies of an application are required?

1. Applications Submitted on Paper. Submit one signed original and two
additional copies. The original and each of the two copies must include all
required forms, certifications, assurances, and appendices, be signed by an
authorized representative, and have original signatures. Do not include
organizational brochures or promotional materials.

2. Applications Submitted Electronically. Additional paper copies are
unnecessary if the application is submitted electronically through http://www.
grants.gov.
D. How and Where To Submit an Application
1. Submitting Paper Applications

a. For paper applications, mail or ensure delivery of an original paper
application (no stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures) and two copies by
the deadline date to: RUS, Water Programs Division, STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570, Telephone: (202) 720-9589.

Submit paper applications marked "Attention: Water and Environmental Programs."

b. Applications must show proof of mailing or shipping by one of the following:

(1) A legibly dated U.S. Postal Service (USPS) postmark;

(2) A legible mail receipt with the date of mailing stamped by the USPS; or,

(3) A dated shipping label, invoice, or receipt from a commercial carrier.

c. If a deadline date falls on a weekend, it will be extended to the following
Monday. If the date falls on a Federal holiday, it will be extended to the next
business day.

d. Due to screening procedures at the Department of Agriculture, packages
arriving via the USPS are irradiated, which can damage the contents and delay
delivery. RUS encourages applicants to consider the impact of this procedure in
selecting an application delivery method.
2. Submitting Electronic Applications

a. Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail.

b. Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if submitted through
Grants.gov at http://www.grants.gov.

c. Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to use the
electronic applications option. Application information may be downloaded from
Grants.gov without preregistration.

d. Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their electronic
applications before the deadline.

e. Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required passwords,
credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at Grants.gov for
registering and submitting an electronic application.

f. Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number and an active
registration in SAM. See the "Checklist of Items in Completed Application
Packages" for instructions on obtaining a DUNS number and registering in the
SAM.

g. You must be registered with Grants.gov before you can submit an electronic
grant application.

(1) You must register at http://www.grants.gov/applicants/get_registered.jsp.

(2) Organization registration user guides and checklists are available at
http://www.grants.gov/applicants/get_registered.jsp.

(3) Grants.gov requires some credentialing and online authentication procedures.
When an applicant organization is registered with SAM, the organization
designates a point of contract who receives a password authorizing the person to
designate staff members who are allowed to submit applications electronically
through Grants.gov. These authorized organization representatives must be
registered with Grants.gov to receive a username and password to submit
applications. These procedures may take several business days to complete.

(4) Some or all of the SAM and Grants.gov registration, credentialing and
authorizations require updates. If you have previously registered at Grants.gov
to submit applications electronically, please ensure that your registration,
credentialing and authorizations are up to date well in advance of the grant
application deadline.

h. To use Grants.gov:

(1) Follow the instructions on the Web site to find grant information.

(2) Download a copy of an application package.

(3) Complete the package off-line.

(4) Upload and submit the application via the Grants.gov Web site.

(5) If a system problem or technical difficulty occurs with an electronic
application, please use the customer support resources available at the Grants.
gov Web site.

(6) Again, RUS encourages applicants to take early action to complete the
sign-up, credentialing and authorization procedures at http://www.grants.gov
before submitting an application at the Web site.
E. Deadlines

The deadline for paper and electronic submissions is April 13, 2015. Paper
applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later
than the closing date to be considered for FY 2015 grant funding. Electronic
applications must have an electronic date and time stamp by midnight of April
13, 2015 to be considered on time. RUS will not accept applications by fax or
email. Applications that do not meet the criteria above will be considered late
applications and will not be considered. RUS will notify each late applicant
that its application will not be considered.
F. Funding Restrictions
1. Eligible Grant Purposes

a. Grant funds must be used to establish and maintain a revolving loan fund to
provide loans to eligible individuals for household water well systems.

b. Individuals may use the loans to construct, refurbish, rehabilitate, or
replace household water well systems up to the point of entry of a home. Point
of entry for the well system is the junction where water enters into a home
water delivery system after being pumped from a well.

c. Grant funds may be used to pay administrative expenses associated with
providing Household Water Well loans.
2. Ineligible Grant Purposes

a. Administrative expenses incurred in any calendar year that exceed 10 percent
of the household water well loans made during the same period do not qualify for
reimbursement.

b. Administrative expenses incurred before RUS executes a grant agreement with
the recipient do not qualify for reimbursement.

c. Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government does not qualify for
reimbursement.

d. Grant funds may not be used to provide loans for household sewer or septic
systems.

e. Household Water Well loans may not be used to pay the costs of water well
systems for the construction of a new house.

f. Household Water Well loans may not be used to pay the costs of a home
plumbing system.
V. Application Review Information Back to Top
A. Criteria

This section contains instructions and guidelines on preparing the project
proposal, work plan, and budget sections of the application. Also, guidelines
are provided on the additional information required for RUS to determine
eligibility and financial feasibility.

1. Project Proposal. The project proposal should outline the project in
sufficient detail to provide a reader with a complete understanding of the loan
program. Explain what will be accomplished by lending funds to individual well
owners. Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed loan program in meeting the
objectives of this grant program. The proposal should include the following
elements:

a. Project Summary. Present a brief project overview. Explain the purpose of the
project, how it relates to RUS' purposes, how the project will be executed, what
the project will produce, and who will direct it.

b. Needs Assessment. To show why the project is necessary, clearly identify the
economic, social, financial, or other problems that require solutions.
Demonstrate the well owners' need for financial and technical assistance.
Quantify the number of prospective borrowers or provide statistical or narrative
evidence that a sufficient number of borrowers will exist to justify the grant
award. Describe the service area. Provide information on the household income of
the area and other demographical information. Address community needs.

c. Project Goals and Objectives. Clearly state the project goals. The objectives
should clearly describe the goals and be concrete and specific enough to be
quantitative or observable. They should also be feasible and relate to the
purpose of the grant and loan program.

d. Project Narrative. The narrative should cover in more detail the items
briefly described in the Project Summary. Demonstrate the grant applicant's
experience and expertise in promoting the safe and productive use of
individually-owned household water well systems. The narrative should address
the following points:

(1) Document the grant applicant's ability to manage and service a revolving
fund. The narrative may describe the systems that are in place for the full life
cycle of a loan from loan origination through servicing. If a servicing
contractor will service the loan portfolio, the arrangement and services
provided must be discussed.

(2) Show evidence of the availability of funds from sources other than the HWWS
grant. Describe the contributions the project will receive from your
organization, state agencies, local government, other federal agencies,
non-government organizations, private industry, and individuals. The
documentation should describe how the contributions will be used to pay your
operational costs and provide financial assistance for projects.

(3) Demonstrate that the organization has secured commitments of significant
financial support from other funding sources.

(4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be assessed.

2. Work Plan. The work plan or scope of work must describe the tasks and
activities that will be accomplished with available resources during the grant
period. It must include who will carry out the activities and services to be
performed and specific timeframes for completion. Describe any unusual or unique
features of the project such as innovations, reductions in cost or time, or
extraordinary community involvement.

3. Budget and Budget Justification. Use the Form SF-424A, Budget
Information--Non-Construction Programs, to show your budget cost elements. The
form summarizes resources as Federal and non-Federal funds and costs. "Federal"
refers only to the HWWS Grant Program for which you are applying. "Non-Federal"
refers to resources from your organization, state agencies, local government,
other Federal agencies, non-government organizations, private industry, and
individuals. Both Federal and non-Federal resources shall be detailed and
justified in the budget and narrative justification.

a. Provide a budget with line item detail and detailed calculations for each
budget object class identified in section B of the Budget Information form
(SF-424A). Detailed calculations must include estimation methods, quantities,
unit costs, and other similar quantitative detail sufficient for the calculation
to be duplicated. Also include a breakout by the funding sources identified in
Block 15 of the SF-424.

b. Provide a narrative budget justification that describes how the categorical
costs are derived for all capital and administrative expenditures, the matching
contribution, and other sources of funds necessary to complete the project.
Discuss the necessity, reasonableness, and allocability of the proposed costs.
Consult OMB Circular A-122: "Cost Principles for Non-Profit Organizations", and
any successor OMB guidance for information about appropriate costs for each
budget category.

c. If the grant applicant will use a servicing contractor, the fees may be
reimbursed as an administrative expense as provided in 7 CFR 1776.13. These fees
must be discussed in the budget narrative. If the grant applicant will hire a
servicing contractor, it must demonstrate that all procurement transactions will
be conducted in a manner to provide, to the maximum extent practical, open and
free competition. Recipients must justify any anticipated procurement action
that is expected to be awarded without competition and exceed the simplified
acquisition threshold fixed at 41 U.S.C. 134 (currently set at $100,000).

d. The indirect cost category should be used only when the grant applicant
currently has an indirect cost rate approved by the Department of Agriculture or
another cognizant Federal agency. A grant applicant that will charge indirect
costs to the grant must enclose a copy of the current rate agreement. If the
grant applicant is in the process of initially developing or renegotiating a
rate, the grant applicant shall submit its indirect cost proposal to the
cognizant agency immediately after the applicant is advised that an award will
be made. In no event, shall the indirect cost proposal be submitted later than
three months after the effective date of the award. Consult OMB Circular A-122
and any successor OMB guidance for information about indirect costs.

4. Evidence of Legal Authority and Existence. The applicant must provide
satisfactory documentation that it is legally recognized under state or Tribal
and Federal law as a private non-profit organization. The documentation also
must show that it has the authority to enter into a grant agreement with the RUS
and to perform the activities proposed under the grant application. Satisfactory
documentation includes, but is not limited to, certificates from the Secretary
of State, copies of state/Tribal statutes or laws establishing your
organization, and copies of your organization's articles of incorporation and
bylaws. Letters from IRS awarding tax-exempt status are not considered adequate
evidence.

5. List of Directors and Officers. The applicant must submit a certified list of
directors and officers with their respective terms.

6. IRS Tax Exempt Status. The applicant must submit evidence of tax exempt
status from the Internal Revenue Service.

7. Financial Information and Sustainability. The applicant must submit pro forma
balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow statements for the last three
years and projections for three years. Additionally, the most recent audit of
the applicant's organization must be submitted.
B. Evaluation Criteria

Grant applications that are complete and eligible will be scored competitively
based on the following scoring criteria:
Scoring criteria  Points
Degree of expertise and experience in promoting the safe and productive use of
individually-owned household water well systems and ground water  Up to 30
points.
Degree of expertise and successful experience in making and servicing loans to
individuals  Up to 20 points.
Percentage of applicant contributions. Points allowed under this paragraph will
be based on written evidence of the availability of funds from sources other
than the proceeds of a HWWS grant to pay part of the cost of a loan recipient's
project. In-kind contributions will not be considered. Funds from other sources
as a percentage of the HWWS grant and points corresponding to such percentages
are as follows:
0 to 9 percent  ineligible.
10 to 25 percent  5 points.
26 to 30 percent  10 points.
31 to 50 percent  15 points.
51 percent or more  20 points.
Extent to which the work plan demonstrates a well thought out, comprehensive
approach to accomplishing the objectives of this part, clearly defines who will
be served by the project, and appears likely to be sustainable  Up to 20 points.

Extent to which the goals and objectives are clearly defined, tied to the work
plan, and measurable  Up to 10 points.
Lowest ratio of projected administrative expenses to loans advanced  Up to 10
points.
Administrator's discretion, considering such factors as:
Creative outreach ideas for marketing HWWS loans to rural residents; factors
include:  Up to 10 points.
1. Directs loans to rural areas where according to the American Community Survey
data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living
in poverty. This emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20
percent of its funding by 2016 to these areas of need.
2. Directs loans to areas that lack running water, flush toilets, and modern
sewage disposal systems, and areas that have open sewers and high rates of
disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas.
3. Directs loans to areas stricken by drought.
C. Review Standards

1. Incomplete applications as of the deadline for submission will not be
considered. If an application is determined to be incomplete, the applicant will
be notified in writing and the application will be returned with no further
action.

2. Ineligible applications will be returned to the applicant with an
explanation.

3. Complete, eligible applications will be evaluated competitively by a review
team, composed of at least two RUS employees selected from the Water Programs
Division. They will make overall recommendations based on the program elements
found in 7 CFR part 1776 and the review criteria presented in this notice. They
will award points as described in the scoring criteria in 7 CFR 1776.9 and this
notice. Each application will receive a score based on the averages of the
reviewers' scores and discretionary points awarded by the RUS Administrator.

4. Applications will be ranked and grants awarded in rank order until all grant
funds are expended.

5. Regardless of the score an application receives, if RUS determines that the
project is technically infeasible, RUS will notify the applicant, in writing,
and the application will be returned with no further action.
VI. Award Administration Information Back to Top
A. Award Notices

RUS will notify a successful applicant by an award letter accompanied by a grant
agreement. The grant agreement will contain the terms and conditions for the
grant. The applicant must execute and return the grant agreement, accompanied by
any additional items required by the award letter or grant agreement.
B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

1. This notice, the 7 CFR part 1776, and the Application Guide implement the
appropriate administrative and national policy requirements.

2. Direct Federal grants, sub-award funds, or contracts under the HWWS Grant
Program shall not be used to fund inherently religious activities, such as
worship, religious instruction, or proselytization. Therefore, organizations
that receive direct assistance should take steps to separate, in time or
location, their inherently religious activities from the services funded under
the HWWS Grant Program. Regulations for the Equal Treatment for Faith-based
Organizations are contained in 7 CFR part 16, which includes the prohibition
against Federal funding of inherently religious activities.
C. Reporting

1. Performance Reporting. All recipients of HWWS Grant Program financial
assistance must provide quarterly performance activity reports to RUS until the
project is complete and the funds are expended. A final performance report is
also required. The final report may serve as the last annual report. The final
report must include an evaluation of the success of the project.

2. Financial Reporting. All recipients of HWWS Grant Program financial
assistance must provide an annual audit, beginning with the first year a portion
of the financial assistance is expended. The grantee will provide an audit
report or financial statements as follows:

a. Grantees expending $500,000 or more Federal funds per fiscal year will submit
an audit conducted in accordance with OMB Circular A-133 or any successor OMB
guidance. The audit will be submitted within 9 months after the grantee's fiscal
year. Additional audits may be required if the project period covers more than
one fiscal year.

b. Grantees expending less than $500,000 will provide annual financial
statements covering the grant period, consisting of the organization's statement
of income and expense and balance sheet signed by an appropriate official of the
organization. Financial statements will be submitted within 90 days after the
grantee's fiscal year.

3. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting. The applicant must have the necessary
processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements for
first-tier sub-awards and executive compensation under the Federal Funding
Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives
funding unless such applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements
pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 Section 170.110(b). The reporting requirements under
the Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are as follows:

a. First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act funds (unless
they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to
http://www.fsrs.gov no later than the end of the month following the month the
obligation was made.

b. The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if the Recipient
meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ by the end of the month following the
month in which the award was made.

c. The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Subrecipient (if the
Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to the Recipient by the
end of the month following the month in which the subaward was made.
VII. Agency Contacts Back to Top

A. Web site: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems.htm.

B. Phone: 202-720-0499.

C. Fax: 202-690-0649.

D. Email: JoyceM.Taylor@wdc.usda.gov

E. Main point of contact: Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs Specialist, Water
Programs Division, Water and Environmental Programs, RUS, U.S. Department of
Agriculture.
VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement Back to Top
USDA Non-Discrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)
How To File a Complaint

If you wish to file an employment complaint, you must contact your agency's EEO
Counselor within 45 days of the date of the alleged discriminatory act, event,
or in the case of a personnel action. Additional information can be found online
at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov
Persons With Disabilities

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and you
wish to file either an EEO or program complaint please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

Dated: January 6, 2015.

Jasper Schneider,

Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Wicklow People (Ireland)

                               December 19, 2012

Grant Scheme available for septic tank upgrades

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS

LENGTH: 203 words


A GRANT Scheme providing financial assistance to householders who need to
upgrade their septic tanks or waste water treatment systems has been welcomed by
Deputy Billy Timmins.

The scheme will see grants of up to EUR4,000 being made available to
householders in need of an upgrade to their treatment systems. Domestic tanks
and other waste water systems have to be registered by February 1, and only
registered households can avail of the grant system.

' This announcement will be of particular benefit to lower income families.
Households with an income of less than EUR50,000 will be able to apply for up to
80 per cent of the cost of remedial works,' says Deputy Timmins.

He went on to say, ' the majority of septic tanks are working well, but those
that aren't pose a threat to our drinking water supplies. Ensuring we have
effective waste water treatment systems is essential for the environment and for
our economy. People living in rural areas fully understand the importance of
protecting our water supplies. This new inspection regime will not only enhance
our water supplies, it will have a positive effect on the tourism, recreation,
agricultural and food-producing sectors, all of which rely on clean water.'

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              March 7, 2008 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Nonprofits offered household well grants

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 104 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


More than $993,000 is available nationwide to qualified private nonprofit
organizations for use in ensuring quality water systems for rural homeowners
under the Household Water Well System Grant.

The grant, offered through USDA Rural Development, will allow individuals to
finance the cost of household wells through qualified private nonprofit
organizations that establish lending programs.

Funds can be used to upgrade or replace well systems and to increase awareness
of substandard drinking water systems in rural communities.

For information contact Gary Vanidestine at 990-9121 or visit www.usda.gov/rus/
water/HWWSP.html.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Bangor Daily News


                              43 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 1, 2016 Friday

Washington: Mikulski, Cardin, Delaney Announce $2.8 Million in Federal Grants
and Loans to Improve Water Infrastructure in Allegany County

LENGTH: 645  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the MP John Delaney has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Barbara A. Mikulski and Ben Cardin, together with U.S.
Representative John Delaney (all D-Md.), today announced that the Town of
Westernport has been awarded $2.2 million in federal grants and $600,000 in
federal loans to install a new water system and water tank. The new tank will
improve service for more than 1,144 households and 45 businesses in Allegany
County.









  "Maryland cities and towns need to upgrade their water and sewer
infrastructure, but they can't do it on their own," Senator Mikulski said.
"Rural communities need a government on their side. That's what these federal
grants and loans are about. They will help with construction jobs today by
building the new water system and tank. And they will help the people and
businesses of Westernport, Luke and Bloomington well into the future by
providing clean, reliable water service. I've always fought for the people of
Western Maryland. I'm on their side and always will be."







 "Our water infrastructure supports our daily lives in a way that few other
things do," said Senator Cardin, a Senior Member of the Senate Environment and
Public Works Committee and author of a comprehensive package of legislation to
update America's water infrastructure. "We ignore needed upgrades in water
infrastructure at our own peril, and substantial investments like these that
improve people's lives in Westernport should be applauded -- and duplicated
throughout Allegany County







 "Here's the bottom line: thanks to these federal grants 1,144 households and 45
businesses in Allegany County will have improved water service. This new project
in Westernport is a partnership between federal, state and local agencies that
should improve public health and greatly benefit the local community and is a
prime example of why I'm focused on bringing more infrastructure funding to
Western Maryland," said Congressman Delaney, who is the author of the
Infrastructure 2.0 Act, which provides state and local governments with
financing for new transportation, energy, education and water infrastructure
projects. "The pipes, pumps and tanks that bring us our water are often out of
sight, but improving and expanding our water infrastructure is a major issue
that demands attention."







 The U.S. Department of Agriculture Office of Rural Development (USDA-RD)
awarded the Town of Westernport a $1,000,000 grant and a $600,000 loan. The
Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) awarded $800,000 in Community
Development Block Grant (CDBG) funding through the Maryland Department of
Housing and Community Development (DHCD). The Appalachian Regional Commission
(ARC) awarded the town $400,000. These federal funds will be used to install a
750,000 gallon water storage tank and pump station, as well as 8,500 linear feet
of waterline. The new tank will improve water service to 1,144 households and 45
businesses. It will bring new water service to 12 households. As a result of the
additional capacity, the Town of Westernport will be able to provide new water
service to the Towns of Bloomington and Luke.







 The USDA Rural Development grant program was created to improve the economy and
quality of life in rural America. The program helps support essential services
and infrastructure improvements, and promotes economic development by supporting
loans to businesses through banks and community-managed lending pools.







 ARC is a federal-state partnership that promotes economic development in 13
states throughout the Appalachian region. In 2014, Maryland received $4.7
million in ARC funding, including $1.8 million for 18 local projects and $2.9
million for access road construction.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 30, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Cardin, Mikulski, Delaney Announce $2.8 Million In Federal Grants
And Loans To Improve Water Infrastructure In Allegany County

LENGTH: 645  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Ben Cardin has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Ben Cardin and Barbara A. Mikulski, together with U.S.
Representative John Delaney (all D-Md.), today announced that the Town of
Westernport has been awarded $2.2 million in federal grants and $600,000 in
federal loans to install a new water system and water tank. The new tank will
improve service for more than 1,144 households and 45 businesses in Allegany
County.









 "Our water infrastructure supports our daily lives in a way that few other
things do," said Senator Cardin, a Senior Member of the Senate Environment and
Public Works Committee and author of a comprehensive package of legislation to
update America's water infrastructure. "We ignore needed upgrades in water
infrastructure at our own peril, and substantial investments like these that
improve people's lives in Westernport should be applauded -- and duplicated
throughout Allegany County







  "Maryland cities and towns need to upgrade their water and sewer
infrastructure, but they can't do it on their own," Senator Mikulski said.
"Rural communities need a government on their side. That's what these federal
grants and loans are about. They will help with construction jobs today by
building the new water system and tank. And they will help the people and
businesses of Westernport, Luke and Bloomington well into the future by
providing clean, reliable water service. I've always fought for the people of
Western Maryland. I'm on their side and always will be."







 "Here's the bottom line: thanks to these federal grants 1,144 households and 45
businesses in Allegany County will have improved water service. This new project
in Westernport is a partnership between federal, state and local agencies that
should improve public health and greatly benefit the local community and is a
prime example of why I'm focused on bringing more infrastructure funding to
Western Maryland," said Congressman Delaney, who is the author of the
Infrastructure 2.0 Act, which provides state and local governments with
financing for new transportation, energy, education and water infrastructure
projects. "The pipes, pumps and tanks that bring us our water are often out of
sight, but improving and expanding our water infrastructure is a major issue
that demands attention."







 The U.S. Department of Agriculture Office of Rural Development (USDA-RD)
awarded the Town of Westernport a $1,000,000 grant and a $600,000 loan. The
Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) awarded $800,000 in Community
Development Block Grant (CDBG) funding through the Maryland Department of
Housing and Community Development (DHCD). The Appalachian Regional Commission
(ARC) awarded the town $400,000. These federal funds will be used to install a
750,000 gallon water storage tank and pump station, as well as 8,500 linear feet
of waterline. The new tank will improve water service to 1,144 households and 45
businesses. It will bring new water service to 12 households. As a result of the
additional capacity, the Town of Westernport will be able to provide new water
service to the Towns of Bloomington and Luke.







 The USDA Rural Development grant program was created to improve the economy and
quality of life in rural America. The program helps support essential services
and infrastructure improvements, and promotes economic development by supporting
loans to businesses through banks and community-managed lending pools.







 ARC is a federal-state partnership that promotes economic development in 13
states throughout the Appalachian region. In 2014, Maryland received $4.7
million in ARC funding, including $1.8 million for 18 local projects and $2.9
million for access road construction.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 30, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Mikulski, Cardin, Delaney Announce $2.8 Million in Federal Grants
and Loans to Improve Water Infrastructure in Allegany County

LENGTH: 643  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Barbara A. Mikulski has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Barbara A. Mikulski and Ben Cardin, together with U.S.
Representative John Delaney (all D-Md.), today announced that the Town of
Westernport has been awarded $2.2 million in federal grants and $600,000 in
federal loans to install a new water system and water tank. The new tank will
improve service for more than 1,144 households and 45 businesses in Allegany
County.





  "Maryland cities and towns need to upgrade their water and sewer
infrastructure, but they can't do it on their own," Senator Mikulski said.
"Rural communities need a government on their side. That's what these federal
grants and loans are about. They will help with construction jobs today by
building the new water system and tank. And they will help the people and
businesses of Westernport, Luke and Bloomington well into the future by
providing clean, reliable water service. I've always fought for the people of
Western Maryland. I'm on their side and always will be."



 "Our water infrastructure supports our daily lives in a way that few other
things do," said Senator Cardin, a Senior Member of the Senate Environment and
Public Works Committee and author of a comprehensive package of legislation to
update America's water infrastructure. "We ignore needed upgrades in water
infrastructure at our own peril, and substantial investments like these that
improve people's lives in Westernport should be applauded -- and duplicated
throughout Allegany County



 "Here's the bottom line: thanks to these federal grants 1,144 households and 45
businesses in Allegany County will have improved water service. This new project
in Westernport is a partnership between federal, state and local agencies that
should improve public health and greatly benefit the local community and is a
prime example of why I'm focused on bringing more infrastructure funding to
Western Maryland," said Congressman Delaney, who is the author of the
Infrastructure 2.0 Act, which provides state and local governments with
financing for new transportation, energy, education and water infrastructure
projects. "The pipes, pumps and tanks that bring us our water are often out of
sight, but improving and expanding our water infrastructure is a major issue
that demands attention."



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture Office of Rural Development (USDA-RD)
awarded the Town of Westernport a $1,000,000 grant and a $600,000 loan. The
Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) awarded $800,000 in Community
Development Block Grant (CDBG) funding through the Maryland Department of
Housing and Community Development (DHCD). The Appalachian Regional Commission
(ARC) awarded the town $400,000. These federal funds will be used to install a
750,000 gallon water storage tank and pump station, as well as 8,500 linear feet
of waterline. The new tank will improve water service to 1,144 households and 45
businesses. It will bring new water service to 12 households. As a result of the
additional capacity, the Town of Westernport will be able to provide new water
service to the Towns of Bloomington and Luke.



 The USDA Rural Development grant program was created to improve the economy and
quality of life in rural America. The program helps support essential services
and infrastructure improvements, and promotes economic development by supporting
loans to businesses through banks and community-managed lending pools.



 ARC is a federal-state partnership that promotes economic development in 13
states throughout the Appalachian region. In 2014, Maryland received $4.7
million in ARC funding, including $1.8 million for 18 local projects and $2.9
million for access road construction.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Irish Daily Mail

                          February 15, 2017 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Third of all water is used in 5% of homes;
And 765m litres a day lost in leaks, says Irish Water

BYLINE: Darren Hassett

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 629 words


MORE than a fifth of the country's entire domestic water supply is used by just
1% of households, it was claimed.

And Irish Water managing director Jerry Grant said just 75,000 households use 'a
third of all the water' supplied to homes around the country.

He claimed that 'a relatively small number of households are using a huge amount
of water' from an estimated 1.5million homes.

Mr Grant said: 'An awful lot of the information points to the fact that there
are a relatively small number of households using a huge amount of water.

'For example, we now know that 1% of households use over 20% of all water
supplied to households. We know that 5% of households use a third of the water
supplied to households.

'Because we have a leak alarm on the individual meter, we also know that about
7% of houses have continuous night flows which are very indicative of leaks.

'So we have been able to target the proportion of leakage which is on the
household side more directly through the first fix scheme.' Mr Grant made his
comments at the Oireachtas Committee on the future funding of domestic water
services yesterday.

As part of an agreement reached between Fianna Fáil and Fine Gael during
government-formation talks last year, water charges have been suspended for nine
months.

The suspension came into effect on July 1 and is officially in place until March
31 this year - but Irish Water is still monitoring the meters to study usage
levels and customer behaviour.

Mr Grant said in terms of excessive usage the guide is that about 7% of
households are showing leaks at the moment, but 'the other 93% are only using
about 110 litres per person'. This usage is understood to be per day.

He says that this is 'very comparable with northern European figures so we are
not in a very bad place as far as the vast majority of people are concerned'.

However, he added: 'When you look at the statistics that show 5% of households
are using a third of all the water, clearly there is, at the top end of the
usage curve, very significant usage.

'The fundamental gain is around stopping the leakage.

'The gains you'll get by behavioural change in terms of basic consumption, are a
lot lower than that.' The committee heard Irish Water distributes 1.7billion
litres of water a day but 765million litres of this, or 45%, is lost in leakage.

Mr Grant said: 'About 600million litres [goes into] households, roughly
300million litres in nondomestic, operational and other uses and about
765million litres at the moment, or 45%, is lost in public side leakage.

'So the big issue of leakage is undoubtedly on the public side and that is where
the district meters are crucial.

'That's where the sustained effort [over the next 20 years] will be needed to
bring that down to the sort of levels that other countries are achieved.

'But in the domestic side about 170million litres of the 600million litres
appears to be leakage, based on what the district meters are telling us. In the
last two years, 28,000 houses have had leaks repaired as a result of the meters
and the first fix notification scheme.' Under the first fix scheme, Irish Water
will repair customer's external leaks.

He said that 77million litres of water a day was being wasted in the 28,000
identified leaks.

Mr Grant also called for water meters to be installed in all new homes as 'it
makes total sense'.

He said: 'Now that we have the infrastructure to read the meters, having an
extra 20,000, 30,000 or 40,000 meters is no great burden at all.

'It makes total sense to me to put them in on new-builds because very often
you'll capture plumbing defects very early on and you'll find defects very early
on.

'I think it'd be a very useful benefit from having meters as an integral part of
a new-build.' darren.hassett@dailymail.ie

'Meters make sense'

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DML


          Copyright 2017 Irish Daily Mail - Associated Newspapers Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Offaly Express

                            January 8, 2013 Tuesday

Septic tank grant scheme widely welcomed

LENGTH: 447  words


THE introduction of septic tank grants up to [#x20ac]4,000 has been roundly
welcomed by local elected representatives, with both Sinn Féin and Labour
praising the decision by the Minister for the Environment, Phil Hogan, to
provide assistance for lower income households.

Senator John Whelan said that the scheme should allay the fears of householders
who are worried about large costs they might incur if their systems fail an
inspection.

"The scheme will provide a higher level of support for those on lower income,"
he said. "Those with a household income of less than [#x20ac]50,000 may be
eligible for a grant of up to [#x20ac]4,000, while households with an income of
over [#x20ac]50,000 may quality for a grant of up to [#x20ac]2,500."

The senator said there had been a lot of scaremongering about penal costs which
failure to pass the septic tank inspection might inflict. "This grant scheme is
fair and reasonable and will be welcomed by septic tank owners," he said.

Meanwhile, Sinn Féin TD, Brian Stanley, claimed that the announcement of grants
for septic tank repairs is a result of a strong campaign against the charges.

"While the news of the grants is welcome, it is due to the pressure placed on
the Minister by those of us who campaigned against the septic tanks charges
during the year," said Dep Stanley.

He explained that for households with income up to [#x20ac]50,000 the maximum
grant available is [#x20ac]4,000 or 80% of the cost, while for households with
incomes between [#x20ac]50,000 and [#x20ac]75,000 the maximum grant will be
[#x20ac]2,500 or 50% of the cost, whichever is the lesser.

"Sinn Féin has been consistent over the past 18 months in demanding full
financial assistance for rural households to upgrade their waste water treatment
systems. This situation arose due to the failure of previous governments to deal
with this issue and ensure proper standards during construction. Out of 207,000
households 42% have still not registered.

Dep Stanley said that the increase in the grant for group sewage schemes is also
to be welcomed. He described the previous grant of [#x20ac]2,031 per house as
unrealistic and said there was little take up.

"I pointed this out on many occasions in the Dáil to Minister Hogan and the
increase to [#x20ac]6,500 is far more realistic. The increase in this grant and
the provision of the new grant for septic tanks will go some way to improving
ground water quality in rural areas. It will also create some badly needed
employment in the construction sector," he concluded.

To be eligible for a grant householders must have registered their system before
February 1, 2013. Grants will only be available where systems have been
inspected by local authorities and found to be in need of remediation.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IOFE


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Chronicle (Centralia, Washington)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 14, 2015 Tuesday

Public Works Gets OK to Apply for Grant for Financially Troubled Onalaska Water
District

BYLINE: Kaylee Osowski, The Chronicle, Centralia, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 644 words


April 14--It's been nearly 20 years since an Onalaska water district's water
system plan was last approved.

But, if state funding comes through, Lewis County Water District 2's plan may
get updated in the near future.

According to Washington Administrative Code, a plan needs to be updated and
submitted for approval every six years. The water district's plan was most
recently approved in 1996.

An updated plan will allow the district, which has a history of financial woes,
to apply for funding for other improvements in the future.

With the Board of County Commissioners' approval at its Monday meeting, Water
District 2 serving the unincorporated area of Onalaska under the management of
the county's Public Works Department can move forward with a grant application.

The application is for a $24,000 Community Development Block Grant, or CDBG,
Planning Only Grant through the Department of Commerce. The Public Works
Department will sign and manage the grant, if awarded.

According to a preliminary budget for the project to update the plan, along with
the $24,000 if awarded, the water district would put $5,930 toward the plan for
a total cost of $29,930.

Updates have to address requirement changes such as water quality, treatment and
cross-connection control and changes to the district's system such as piping,
finances and customer projections, Shirley Kook, public works senior engineer,
said.

Updating the plan will take about one year.

Before applying for the grant, the water district conducted an income survey to
ensure it qualified for the program.

The survey showed that about 63 percent of the households met the required
low-to-moderate income threshold. To qualify for the grant, the district needed
to have more than 50 percent of its households meet the income requirements.

Public Works Director Tim Elsea said the water district was authorized to not
have to pay one monthly payment of its debt service owed to the county to pay
for the survey.

According to state audit documents, the county loaned the district $257,594 in
2014 at 3.25 percent interest with a final payment date of December 2018.
Monthly payments are $4,657.

Water District Manager Julie Brown spoke at the meeting Monday and said for
years the district struggled financially.

Kook said the district increased its rates from about $98 monthly for water and
sewer to about $128 for those two utilities in 2014.

"They've been working really hard to ... get out of their financial troubles and
(have) shown a lot of progress in the last half year," Kook said.

In 2014, the district began operating in the black with $14,000 in its general
fund and $23,000 in its capital projects fund, Brown said.

"We are holding our own and operating like a business now. It's a great feeling
not having to answer the question, 'Why can't we pay our bills?'" Brown said.

Along with updating the plan, a project assessing the feasibility of
consolidating the Evergreen Apartments private water system and Water District
2's system will be completed and incorporated into the district's plan. The
feasibility assessment is funded by a state Department of Health Drinking Water
State Revolving Fund Restructuring Grant.

The water district cannot apply for the grant on its own, and Lewis County can
only apply for one CDBG Planning Only Grant each year.

The grants are limited to $24,000 per jurisdiction.

The program offers six different types of grant funds, and the county can apply
for each one once annually. To qualify for a CDBG grant, a community must meet
one of three Housing and Urban Development objectives -- principally benefit
low-to-moderate income citizens, help to prevent or eliminate slums or blight or
address threat to public health or safety.

___ (c)2015 The Chronicle (Centralia, Wash.) Visit The Chronicle (Centralia,
Wash.) at www.chronline.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150414-1CE-Public-Works-Gets-OK-to-Apply-for-Grant
-for-Financially-Troubled-Onalaska-Water-District-0414-20150414

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CE


                          Copyright 2015 The Chronicle


                              49 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  Nationalist

                           September 6, 2012 Thursday

Register your septic tank on time for [#x20ac]5 - or [#x20ac]50 if you miss the
deadline

LENGTH: 829  words


Aileen Hahesy

Information leaflets are being distributed to more than 15,000 house and
premises owners notifying them that they must register their sewerage systems or
septic tanks by February 1 next year.

The information campaign on the controversial registration scheme is being
rolled out ahead of the September 28 deadline where householders can register
their septic tank for a reduced fee of [#x20ac]5.

After that date, the registration fee will increase to [#x20ac]50.

South Tipperary Co. Council's Acting Director of Environment and Water Services
Jimmy Harney informed Monday's Council meeting that so far just 571 premises in
South Tipperary have registered their septic tanks, which represents about 4% of
the total.

He urged those with premises relying on septic tanks to register and warned that
they will be committing an offence if they fail to do so.

The registration of septic tanks will pave the way for them to be inspected by
EPA appointed inspectors. The inspections will commence next year.

According to Mr Harney areas where ground and surface water is most at risk will
be prioritised for inspection.

Ten days notice will be given to households selected for an inspection and the
notification will come from the Co. Council.

If the inspectors find any faults in a household's domestic water treatment
system, its owner will receive an advisory notice and be obliged to remedy the
defects. A certificate of registration will be issued to households that
register, which will last for five years but the householder won't have to pay a
fee to re-register for the next five years.

Mr Harney said the Council aimed to have the information leaflets about the
registration scheme delivered to the more than 15,000 premises not connected to
a public sewerage system in the county by the end of the week.

He pointed out that there was no incidence of widespread pollution in South
Tipperary due to domestic waste water systems and the Council didn't envisage
there will be a problem for the majority of households with septic tank systems.

Concern was expressed by several councillors that householders with old septic
tanks will be face huge costs in repairing or replacing their systems if they
fail to pass the inspections.

Mr Harney agreed to write to Environment Minister Phil Hogan requesting him to
outline his Department's plans for a grant scheme to assist those who will have
to carry out substantial works on their domestic sewerage systems.

However, he told councillors he believed the Department was waiting to see the
condition of septic tank systems around the country first before deciding on any
grant measures.

Labour Cllr Bobby Fitzgerald said he didn't believe the registration scheme
would work unless it was accompanied by the availability of grant aid while
fellow Carrick-on-Suir councillor Sylvia Cooney-Sheehan said the Government
should postpone the registration deadline until a grant scheme was in place. She
feared that otherwise, the Government will be faced with the same situation as
the Household Charge with half registering and the other half not.

Workers & Unemployment Action Group councillor Pat English agreed with the grant
scheme proposal, pointing out that the real cost was not going to be the
registration fee but the work that would have to be done on the ground by
householders.

He accused Environment Minister Phil Hogan of putting another stealth tax on
people, who just couldn't afford it.

Fianna Fail Cllr Siobhan Ambrose pointed out that the registration system would
have come in irrespective of what government was in power because it was being
pushed by the EU. However, she was very concerned that pensioners and those on
low income would be burdened with the huge cost of replacing their systems.

A widow she knew was very concerned about the inspections as her septic tank
dated from the 1960s. Her daughter, who had built a house in her back garden,
had to invest about [#x20ac]18,000 in a sewerage treatment system.

Fine Gael Cllr Michael Fitzgerald voiced his support for the registration
system. He agreed financial help should be available to people, defective septic
tanks must be rectified.

"I certainly don't want to see a situation like what happened in Galway where
water tankers supplied people with water for months because their water systems
were contaminated," he argued.

Jimmy Harney stressed that Minister Hogan was adopting a "pragmatic" approach to
the septic tank inspections and "Rolls Royce style jobs" would not be sought
from householders required to repair or replace defective systems.

He advised householders who had a problem with their sewerage systems not to
wait until the EPA inspection. "If it's not working properly you should get it
sorted out," he advised.

Householders can register their septic tanks on-line at www.ProtectOurWater.ie
or at local authority offices. Application forms are available from South
Tipperary's local authorities, libraries and Citizen's Information Centres.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INAC


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                            February 2, 2015 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Homes that miss register deadline can still avail of (EURO)100 water grant

BYLINE: Sam Griffin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14,15

LENGTH: 510 words


HOUSEHOLDS that fail to register with Irish Water ahead of tonight's deadline
will still be able to qualify for the (EURO)100 water conservation grant.

And some of the 600,000 homes which had not signed up with the utility by
yesterday afternoon may also not be disadvantaged in any way if they miss the
deadline.

Irish Water sources admitted a failure to do so will only mean there is no
guarantee of "correct billing" of water usage.

Homes have until midnight tonight to register with Irish Water - but a
spokesperson said just over one million people had returned forms.

However, that figure includes 150,000 households which are not on the public
mains system but have still registered their details, as well as households that
returned their form but did not provide any billing details.

This means only 850,000 of the company's 1.5 million customers had submitted
details by yesterday evening.

The company said it would continue to accept the return of forms after the
deadline - but that homes run the risk of not being charged accurately when the
first bills arrive in April.

However they may still be able to get the (EURO)100 grant.

In a statement, the company said: "As of midnight tomorrow, the default charge
of (EURO)260 applies to household who have yet to confirm their details.

"Irish Water is today urging households who have not yet confirmed their details
to do so now to ensure that they get the correct bill and also to make sure that
they can avail of the Government's (EURO)100 Water Conservation Grant."

The Department of Environment confirmed yesterday another deadline will be put
in place by which point households must register to avail of the (EURO)100 water
conservation grant - which was a late addition to the Water Services Bill and
introduced as a sweetener following mass protests.

A department spokesperson said: "The grant is being paid on a universal basis to
all householders in respect of their principal private dwellings.

"It is important that all households have an equal chance to reduce their water
consumption in their primary dwellings, whether they have already been paying
for water privately or are about to pay for public water services."

The grant is due to be issued in September with the deadline to apply likely to
be some time in the summer.

Fianna Fáil environment spokesman Barry Cowen said there had been a "poor return
by the deadline set" and called on the Government to reveal how they plan to
deal with non-compliance.

"The expected legislation will deal with those who are non-compliant and we
await the detail to see how the Government believe they can further force people
to be compliant."

Speaking in relation to ensuring more people register with Irish Water,
Taoiseach Enda Kenny said the legislation dealing with compliance would be
drafted shortly.

"The minister has already made it clear on a number of issues that nobody will
be cut off in terms of their water supply.

"But I would hope that everybody is of the understanding that this is a very
small contribution for a very valuable resource," he said.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A man waves the national flag as water protesters march in Dublin;
below, protesters march through the centre of Cork city. Photos: Reuters, Niall
Carson

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 16, 2016 Wednesday

Funding Availabilities: Household Water Well System Grant Program; Correction

LENGTH: 405 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Utilities Service
(RUS)



  Action



 Notice; correction.

 Summary



 The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) published in the Federal Register, on March
9, 2016 a Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA), announcing the
Household Water Well System Grant Program application window for fiscal year
(FY) 2016. Inadvertently, an incorrect web link was included in the NOSA that
did not permit access to the intended Web site. This document removes the
incorrect web reference and replaces it with the correct version.



 Dates



 Effective on March 16, 2016.

 For Further Information Contact



 Derek Jones, Community Programs Specialist, Water and Environmental Programs,
Rural Utilities Service, Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture, STOP
1570, Room 2234-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570,
Telephone: (202) 720-9640, fax: (202) 690-0649, email: derek.jones@wdc.usda.gov

 Supplementary Information



 The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) published in the Federal Register on March 9,
2016, at 81 FR 12451, a Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA), for its
Household Water Well System Grant Program application window for fiscal year
(FY) 2016. Inadvertently, an incorrect web link was included in the NOSA that
did not permit access to the intended Web site. This document removes all
references to the incorrect web link published on March 9, 2016 and replaces it
with the correct web reference.



 In the Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA) FR Doc. 2016-05170
published on March 9, 2016, at 81 FR 12451, make the following correction.
Remove "rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems" and add in its place
"http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/household-water-well-system-grants" on
the following pages:



 Page 12451, second column, ADDRESSES: 1. Electronic copies: Page 12453, second
column, IV. Application and Submission Information, A. Where To Get Application
Information, 1. Internet for electronic copies; Page 12454, column one, (14)
Assurances and certifications of compliance with other Federal Statutes; and,
Page 12457, column 2, VII Agency Contacts, A. Web site.

 Dated: March 10, 2016.

 Brandon McBride,

 Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-05926 Filed 3-15-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE P





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           The Herald (South Africa)

                               May 4, 2012 Friday

Dismal showing for East Cape in survey

BYLINE: Brian Hayward

SECTION: SOCIAL ISSUES

LENGTH: 623 words


Province features dismally
  haywardb@avusa.co.za
 THE Eastern Cape has received prominent mention in the latest countrywide
survey of households, released yesterday by Statistics SA - but for all the
wrong reasons.
 According to the Stats SA General Household Survey 2011, conducted from July to
September, the province has the:


 Most grant beneficiaries;
 Most households without flush toilets;
 Worst piped-water access;
 Highest number of children not attending school because "education is useless";

 Most pupils who receive hidings at school;
 Second-highest number of households relying solely on social grants for
survival; and
 Second-highest number of households without a phone.
 The province has the dubious distinction of having the highest incidence
countrywide of corporal punishment at its schools, indicated by pupils surveyed
at home by researchers.
 "Corporal punishment was most common in the Eastern Cape [30.2%], KwaZulu-Natal
[22.5%] and Free State [22.1%], and least likely to occur in the Western Cape
where it was reported for only 3.7% of learners," the report said.
 The Eastern Cape had the second-highest number of pupils attending no-fee
schools (71.8%), after Limpopo (89.7%).
 The percentage of pupils who reported they paid no tuition fees had increased
from 0.7% in 2002 to 55.6% last year.
 Of children in the province not attending any educational institution, 18.3% of
those surveyed said the main reason was that "education is useless".
  This contrasted with 2% of Limpopo children and 6.9% of children countrywide
who gave this as a reason.
 The Eastern Cape also had the highest number of grant beneficiaries per
household.
 "Individuals in the Eastern Cape [38.5%], Limpopo [38.1%] and Northern Cape
[37.7%] are most likely to be grant beneficiaries," the report said.
 "More than half of households in Limpopo [58.9%], Eastern Cape [56.7%] and
Northern Cape [55.7%] received at least one grant compared to 28.5% of
households in Gauteng and 37% in the Western Cape."
 The Eastern Cape came out tops for poor access to water.
 "Although 89.5% of South African households had access to piped water in 2011,
only 74.8% of Eastern Cape households enjoyed such access.
 "This does, however, represent a substantial improvement over 2002 when only
56.8% of households in this province had access to piped water."
 The province was also ahead for the number of households without flush toilets,
with 17% of households surveyed relying on the bucket system. The national
average was 5.7%.
 Eastern Cape households were the second most likely to survive solely off
social grants (57.3%), after Limpopo (59.1%). In comparison, more than
two-thirds of households surveyed in the Western Cape and Gauteng lived off
salaries rather than grants.
 Telecommunications were a problem, the report stated, with 16% of Eastern Cape
households unlikely to have access to either cellular or landline services -
second after Limpopo (19.3%) and above the national average of 9%.
 The province also received mention for still having a high number of households
that relied on wood and paraffin for cooking (36%), while the national average
of electrified households had risen from 76.8% in 2002 to 82.7%.
 Rhodes University's Public Service Accountability Monitor (PSAM) said it was
not surprised at the findings. "They are further evidence of a province mired in
political turmoil and factionalism, which severely undermines service delivery
and the constitutional rights of the province's people," PSAM media and advocacy
head Derek Luyt said.
 Questions to Eastern Cape government communications head Manelisi Wolela had
not been answered at the time of going to press last night.
  Additional reporting by I-Net Bridge and Sapa

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Herald


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Wexford People (Ireland)

                                 July 26, 2016
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Grant scheme needed for water softening

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 196 words


'I'VE been banging on about this since before water charges were brought in,'
said Cllr. George Lawlor as he called for a grant scheme to assist householders
who are forced to install water softeners as an antidote to 'hard' water.

Cllr. Lawlor said there are 8,000 Wexford households supplied by the Fardystown
scheme which receive a water supply which is 'off the scale' in terms of
hardness.

'It causes untolled problems to household appliances. People have to fork out
for water treatment and the cost of damage to appliances,' he told a Borough
District Council meeting.

Cllr. Ger Carthy said the problem had been going on for years in south Wexford
and he fully supported the idea of a grant scheme. 'Anything that will help
households should be welcomed as it's a major problem,' said Cllr. David Hynes
adding that 'the whole water thing is a shambles'.

Cllr. Deirdre Wadding said she had personal experience of the problem in her own
house. 'The impact of limestone in that system is massive on households,' she
said.

Cllr. Mick Roche said he found it strange that Cllr. Lawlor was proposing a
grants scheme now since his party had been in Government for the last five
years.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WXP


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                      The St. Marys Oracle (West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 13, 2013

PSD, Commission Seek More Grants For Water Project;
Even When Current Customers Wont Use Water

BYLINE: The St. Marys Oracle staff

LENGTH: 683  words


The Pleasants County Public Service District is hoping to add 45 more households
to its water system with the help of a $1.5 million Small Cities Block Grant.

With no comments from the public received Wednesday morning during the required
hearing, Tim Meeks of the Mid-Ohio Valley Regional Council asked Pleasants
County commissioners to sign a resolution to proceed with the grant fund
request.

That water line extension, proposed by the PSD, will take in households along
County Roads 30, 30/6 and 32, also known as Hebron, Pine Grove and Rock Run
roads.

"The county water project and this extension are great endeavors and we (the
county) hope to continue it," stated commissioner Larry Barnhart. "There are
still many people out there desperately needing water."

Commission president Jay Powell reported said local officials were in Charleston
recently hoping to influence the state development office into providing the
SCBG funds.

"We applied last year for the funding and we were turned down," Powell said.
"We'll just keep trying to sell them on our water service. This is year two and
we hope we stand a better chance."

Meeks told the commission SCBG funds will not be awarded until December.

In other PSD matters, the commission reported on the March 5 meeting where it
was announced there are approximately 50-60 households in the current water
project still not hooked up for service and purchasing water.

Powell said the individuals are paying the required minimum payment, but are not
using the water. This is causing a financial burden on the PSD, Powell
explained.

"We hope these people will start using the water soon," he said. "We need their
usage income for the whole system to be manageable."

Powell also noted there are 12-14 households not paying anything - not even the
minimum required payment.

"All of this is very concerning," Powell added. "Eighty percent of our current
customers are getting water. It's the other 20 percent not using it. That's 20
percent of the revenue and here we are going back to Charleston for more money
to get more customers."

Jessi Rupert, executive director of the senior citizens center, gave her monthly
report to commissioners.

Some of the events planned at the center include: Group Lifestyle Balance
program with the Mid-Ohio Valley Health Department; trip to the ninth annual
Mountain Heritage Quilt Show, March 21, with one local senior's quilt on
display; "Stuff the Bus" fundraisers for items for the Latrobe Street Mission in
Parkersburg; and a Senior Easter Egg Hunt March 25.

Rupert said she attended the West Virginia Senior Directors Association meeting
and legislative reception Feb. 27 and will travel to Wheeling March 20 for a
Belomar budget revision meeting.

She asked the commissioners' opinions of allowing Gary Turtle to host monthly
music shows on Saturday evening at the center.

Rupert, as well as the commissioners, were apprehensive to allow the use since
Tuttle would be charging admission to his event.

Rupert added she believed a rental fee should be charged to Tuttle. The event
would be open to the public. Refreshments would also be sold.

Commissioners said they would make a decision at the next meeting, March 20.

Other matters approved during the meeting included:

- $300 donation to Pleasants County Habitat for Humanity. George Little and
Debbie Thompson appeared on behalf of the organization. Thompson explained this
is not an annual request, but more bi-annual.

Little reminded commissioners the organization provides the materials and
manpower to build the homes, but the homeowners are still required to pay for it
and provide sweat equity. He said many people misunderstand the purpose of
Habitat for Humanity. It is not a hand-out, Little said.

Habitat is currently building a home at Arvilla. The home being constructed at
Mound Manor is not a Habitat home, Little added.

- $500 donation to the Mid-Ohio Valley Foster Grandparent Program. This is an
annual donation that has been done for several years, commissioners said.

- Permission to use the courthouse at an emergency evacuation site for St. Marys
Elementary School.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SMO

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 The St. Marys Oracle


                              55 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                             April 25, 2014 Friday

Big V Water to upgrade Mississippi water system

SECTION: WATER SUPPLY; Regulatory and Policy

LENGTH: 244 words



HIGHLIGHT: Big V Water Association has received a grant from the US Department
of Agriculture (USDA) to install a new water well and larger storage tank at its
water system in Prentiss county, Mississippi, US.


Big V Water Association has received a grant from the US Department of
Agriculture (USDA) to install a new water well and larger storage tank at its
water system in Prentiss county, Mississippi, US.

The association will receive approximately $3.2m in funds for the upgrade; a
$1.41m grant, as well as a $1.81m low-interest rural development loan.

Big V Water Association will use the funds to replace an inoperable well, which
is nearly 50 years old, in order to improve service to almost 1,400 households
and small businesses. It will also rehabilitate a second 1980s-era well,
construct a 100,000gal elevated water storage tank, and upgrade some water
lines.

The USDA says that the project will provide around 1,366 rural households and
small businesses with a cost-effective, safe and reliable drinking water
delivery system, upon completion.

US Senator Thad Cochran said that the grant and loan package will enable the
water system to be kept functional for the families and small businesses that
depend on it.

"Many small communities and rural areas have limited wherewithal to make the
expensive infrastructure repairs and upgrades that are often necessary to meet
stringent federal safety and environmental requirements," Cochran added.

The funding is linked to the 2014 farm bill, which responded to rural
development needs by offering new resources to help rural communities. Enacted
in February, the farm bill will provide $150m to improve rural water systems.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                   Bluefield Daily Telegraph (West Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 8, 2016 Tuesday

Water projects in Mercer, McDowell approved for state funding

BYLINE: Greg Jordan, Bluefield Daily Telegraph, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 380 words


March 08--CHARLESTON -- Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin announced Tuesday more than $12
million in Small Cities Block Grant funds for 13 critical infrastructure
projects to support Mercer County, McDowell County, and other communities across
West Virginia.

In total, more than $44 million in other federal, state and local funding will
support these projects for more than 17,000 West Virginia households, improving
infrastructure reliability statewide.

"Today's grant funding kicks off a number of anticipated improvement projects in
cities and communities across West Virginia," Tomblin said in a news release.
"Economic development projects and infrastructure improvements, like those
supported by the Small Cities Block Grant program, are investments that not only
open the door to new business prospects, but also improve the quality of life
for West Virginians now and for years to come."

Small Cities Block Grant funding is provided by the U.S. Department of Housing
and Urban Development. The Community Development Division of the West Virginia
Development Office manages the administration of these fund

The Mercer County Commission received $1,209,503. This will aid a $5.1 million
project that will enable the Oakvale Road Public Service District to extend
water service to approximately 150 new households in the Elgood area, including
the communities of Elgood, Twin Oaks and Christians Ridge in Eastern Mercer
County. The project will include the installation of new water lines, booster
stations, water storage tank and related improvements needed to provide safe
drinking water to area residents.

The town of Northfork in McDowell County received $200,000 for a water project.
This $6.35 million project will allow the Town of Northfork to replace the
existing water system which serves the Upland, Powhatan, Kyle, Northfork and
Keystone communities and provide a second water source for the Maybeury Water
Treatment Plant, serving a total of more than 400 households. This project
replaces a water distribution system that has exceeded its useful life and is
plagued by frequent line breaks and water loss.

___ (c)2016 the Bluefield Daily Telegraph (Bluefield, W.Va.) Visit the Bluefield
Daily Telegraph (Bluefield, W.Va.) at bdtonline.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160308-WF-Water
-projects-in-Mercer-McDowell-approved-for-state-funding-0308-20160308

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WF


                    Copyright 2016 Bluefield Daily Telegraph


                              57 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                           October 13, 2011 Thursday

Solar heating 'can provide over half of households' hot water'

BYLINE: Adam Vaughanguardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 659 words

ABSTRACT

A year-long study also reveals green energy devices will save owners £55 a year
despite costing between £3,000-5,000

FULL TEXT

Solar heating systems can provide over half of households' hot water needs,
according to the largest ever field trial of the green energy devices.

But the year-long study, undertaken at 88 homes by the Energy Saving Trust, also
reveals that the solar water heating systems will save most owners just £55 a
year despite costing between £3,000-5,000, prompting calls from green
campaigners for clarity on government subsidies for them.

Residential payment levels under the government's £860m renewable heat incentive
(RHI) scheme, announced in March, are not due to be announced until 2012. But if
on a par with those for large-scale solar heating systems, householders could
expect payments of around £96 annually. The true figure is likely to be higher
because smaller installations will probably attract bigger subsidies.

The trust also revealed that, between 1 August and 9 October this year, 707
people took out new £300 grants for solar thermal systems. The government has
put aside £15m for the renewable heat premium payment (RHPP) scheme, which runs
until March 2012 offering grants for a range of green heating technologies
including groundsource heat pumps and biomass boilers. The separate RHI
payments, similar to those made to owners of solar panels and wind turbines
under the feed-in tariffs for green electricity generation, will launch after
the RHPP.

Solar water heating systems work by using the sun's energy to heat water or
anti-freeze in collectors on the roof of a building. The heated water or
anti-freeze is then usually pumped to a hot-water cylinder to be stored until
the hot water is needed.

Overall, the trust said it was impressed by how well solar heating systems were
working in the UK. The field study found the systems provided a median of 39% of
households' hot water needs, rising to 60% for the best and plummeting to 9% for
the worst-installed one. The trust had previously believed around 35-40% would
be a typical figure, based on laboratory tests.

Jaryn Bradford, senior technical manager for the Energy Saving Trust, and author
of the report, said: "This is a technology that works, and works well in the
UK." He said the main impact on a system's performance was how well insulated
the home's hot water tank and pipes were.

The study also showed the pumps powering the systems used between 1 and 23% of
the energy generated, though would cost just £8 in electricity annually for a
typical system. Some systems had pumps powered by free electricity using solar
photovoltaic panels.

The market for solar water heating in the UK has continued to grow despite the
economic climate - up 18.1% in 2010, compared with 13.1% for Europe overall,
though the trust said that was largely because the UK was starting from such a
low baseline. There are an estimated 140,000 homes with solar water heating in
the UK.

Founder and CEO of Good Energy, Juliet Davenport, said: "This pioneering
research demonstrates that households with solar hot water generators really can
benefit, provided their generator has been correctly installed and they
understand how to make the most of it. Solar thermal panels are a fantastic,
cost effective way for the UK to reduce our demand on imported energy whilst
cutting our bills and also our carbon emissions."

Friends of the Earth's energy campaigner, Tony Bosworth, said: "Unless we end
the nation's dependency on increasingly expensive fossil fuels, homes and
businesses will continue to pay the price through soaring power bills. The
government's renewable heat incentive can't be delayed any longer - ministers
must provide households with real cash incentives to help families switch to
clean energy to heat their homes."

The field study follows similar trials by the trust of micro wind power and
heat-pumps, both of which performed poorer than had been expected.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 Guardian Unlimited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      The Gold Coast Bulletin (Australia)

                             May 14, 2008 Wednesday
                                B - Main Edition

Households, surf clubs get tank plan

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 357 words


Water

SURF clubs will be called upon to provide their own water with the Rudd
Government allocating $250 million to help surf clubs and families to install
rainwater tanks and greywater systems.

Another $1 billion would be provided under the `water for the future' plan over
six years to help cities and towns to secure water supplies through
desalination, recycling and stormwater harvesting.

The plan was a key election commitment providing $12.9 billion over the long
term.

Penny Wong, the Minister for Climate Change and Water, said the Rudd Government
was providing crucial leadership by supporting our towns and cities as they
sought to diversify their water supply.

``The effects of climate change mean most of Australia's cities and towns have
less water and we can no longer rely on rainfall to supply our drinking water,''
she said.

Under the national rainwater and greywater initiative, grants of up to $10,000
each would be available for 300 surf lifesaving clubs to become water efficient
by installing rainwater tanks or contributing towards water saving projects
onsite.

Households would also be able to apply for a grant.

``We recognise communities across the country want to do their bit to conserve
our drinking water supplies,'' she said. ``Through this initiative, households
will receive support to install rainwater tanks and greywater systems which will
reduce their use of drinking water.''

Households will be able to receive rebates of up to $500 towards the cost of
rainwater tanks and grey-water products.

Funding has been set aside to provide rebates for up to 500,000 homes over six
years.

The $1 billion national urban water and desalination plan will enable cities and
towns of 50,000 people or more to be eligible for funding to establish new
sources of water supply through the use of desalination, recycling and
stormwater harvesting.

The private sector, water utilities, state governments and councils would be
able to apply for funds which will be provided through grants and tax offsets.

The funding would be conditional on the state government achieving agreed water
reforms through the Council of Australian Governments.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GCB


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                   Bluefield Daily Telegraph (West Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday

Water projects gain steam

BYLINE: Greg Jordan, Bluefield Daily Telegraph, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 609 words


March 09--CHARLESTON -- More than $1.4 million in state grants announced Tuesday
will help bring public water service to hundreds of families in Mercer and
McDowell Counties.

More than $12 million in Small Cities Block Grant funds for 13 critical
infrastructure projects will support Mercer County, McDowell County, and other
communities across West Virginia. In total, more than $44 million in other
federal, state and local funding will support these projects for more than
17,000 West Virginia households, improving infrastructure reliability statewide.

"Today's grant funding kicks off a number of anticipated improvement projects in
cities and communities across West Virginia," Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin said in a
news release. "Economic development projects and infrastructure improvements,
like those supported by the Small Cities Block Grant program, are investments
that not only open the door to new business prospects, but also improve the
quality of life for West Virginians now and for years to come."

The Mercer County Commission received $1,209,503. This will aid a $5.1 million
project that will enable the Oakvale Road Public Service District to extend
water service to approximately 150 new households in the Elgood area, including
the communities of Elgood, Twin Oaks and Christians Ridge in eastern Mercer
County. The project will include the installation of new water lines, booster
stations, a water storage tank and related improvements needed to provide safe
drinking water to area residents.

Mercer County Commission President Mike Vinciguerra and Commissioners Gene
Buckner and Greg Puckett traveled Tuesday to Charleston to accept the grant.

"I think it's going to complete that circle at Cheesy Creek," Vinciguerra told
the Bluefield Daily Telegraph later. "It helps those poor people who don't have
water. It helps them big time."

Vinciguerra estimated the completed system would bring water to approximately
165 families.

The town of Northfork in McDowell County received $200,000 for a water project.
This $6.35 million project will allow the town of Northfork to replace the
existing water system which serves the Upland, Powhatan, Kyle, Northfork and
Keystone communities and provide a second water source for the Maybeury Water
Treatment Plant, serving a total of more than 400 households, state officials
said. This project replaces a water distribution system that has exceeded its
useful life and is plagued by frequent line breaks and water loss.

Small Cities Block Grant funding is provided by the U.S. Department of Housing
and Urban Development. The Community Development Division of the West Virginia
Development Office manages the administration of these funds.

As a member of the House Appropriations Committee, U.S. Rep. Evan Jenkins,
R-W.Va. said he voted to increase funding above the president's budget request,
providing $3 billion for these important community grants.

"Investment in water infrastructure is crucial for West Virginia's rural
communities. These projects will expand access to unserved communities, connect
homes to municipal water, install more fire hydrants for public safety, and
reduce dependence on wells and streams for drinking water. These investments
will help provide a better quality of life for hundreds of West Virginia
families, and I will continue to support funding that invests in rural West
Virginia," Jenkins said.

-- Contact Greg jordan at gjordan@bdtonline.com

___ (c)2016 the Bluefield Daily Telegraph (Bluefield, W.Va.) Visit the Bluefield
Daily Telegraph (Bluefield, W.Va.) at bdtonline.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160309-WF-Water-projects-gain-steam-0309-20160309

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WF


                    Copyright 2016 Bluefield Daily Telegraph


                              60 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday

June 30th is deadline to get water conservation grant

BYLINE: Aine McMahon

SECTION: IRELAND; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 184 words


The deadline for registering with Irish Water to be eligible for  receipt of the
water conservation grant is June 30th.

Minister for the Environment Alan Kelly has said if a household has not
registered by this date, it will not  receive the EUR 100 grant from the
Department of Social Protection from September 2015.

Mr Kelly  said  the EUR 100 grant  can be used towards buying some of the many
devices available to conserve water such as water butts to recycle water,
displacement devices to reduce water flow in toilets, or aerators to reduce
flow from taps. The grant can also be used towards repairing a household
plumbing system to reduce water leakage.

Mr Kelly said  June 30th  was chosen to acknowledge that there will be some
changes in residency up to that point.

Irish Water will be able to deduct water bills directly from wages and welfare
payments under strengthened compliance measures being considered by the
Government.

The introduction of attachment orders  to increase compliance with the  charges
marks a  change in the Coalition's approach to those who do not pay their water
bills.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  The Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 13, 2014 Thursday

Crown Point water surveys trickle in

BYLINE: Lohr McKinstry, The Press-Republican, Plattsburgh, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 520 words


Nov. 13--CROWN POINT -- Financial aid to repair the Crown Point public water
system unless an income study is completed and demonstrates need.

Town Supervisor Charles Harrington said income survey forms have been sent to
households served by town water districts in the hopes of countering a past
study.

But not enough have been returned.

THOUGHT TOO HIGH

"A previous financial survey, based on statistics gathered by a company that
specializes in community data evaluations, has determined that household incomes
in the Crown Point water districts average $53,378," the supervisor said by
email.

"This data is utilized by state and federal agencies when evaluating grant
applications."

He said the only way to alter the previous figure, which is believed to be
erroneously high, is to disprove it.

"At present, this $53,378 household-income figure disqualifies the districts
from gaining state and federal grants, along with interest-free loans."

KEY TO FUNDING

Harrington said not just residents of the water districts but those who work
there and utilize the water system have an obligation to complete the surveys.

"The financial survey more than likely will be the monetary key for the
implementation of this necessary project for the Town of Crown Point," he said.

"Surveys have been forwarded not only to heads of households but also to those
who are employed within the district but reside elsewhere."

The surveys have a tracking number, Harrington said, but the person completing
the survey will remain anonymous.

PROJECT STALLED

"Progress on the proposed water-improvement project will not proceed further
until the surveys have been returned," he said.

"Actually, the project could proceed, but it would entail the districts paying
the total project cost, which would be prohibitive, unrealistic and not in the
best interest of those paying for water in the future."

That cost is estimated at $2 million.

DELIVERY ISSUES

He said the Crown Point Water Committee has identified improvement needs that
include replacement of both the 1898 Main Street line and another line, made
with cement and asbestos, also on Main Street.

Other important needs, Harrington said, are addressing pressure variants
throughout the system; establishing adequate firefighting flows; turbidity; the
ability to continue supplying water when there are system failures, such as
water line breaks, power interruptions and pump failures; and identifying areas
where pollutants could foul the aquifers and make the water unsafe for
consumption.

The Essex County Industrial Development Agency is tabulating the surveys,
Harrington said.

"Crown Point has wonderful water, as tests conducted by the New York State
Health Department will confirm," Harrington said, and it's the delivery system
that need upgrading.

The Crown Point water system serves about 430 users.

Email Lohr McKinstry: lmckinstry@pressrepublican.com

Twitter: @LohrMcKinstry

?Email: lmckinstry@pressrepublican.com

Twitter: @LohrMcKinstry

___ (c)2014 the Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, N.Y.) Visit the Press-Republican
(Plattsburgh, N.Y.) at pressrepublican.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141113-ZI-Crown-Point-water-surveys-trickle-in-1113-20141113

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZI


                      Copyright 2014 The Press-Republican


                              62 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 15, 2011 Monday

BRIEF: West Millgrove gets water, sewer grant

BYLINE: The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 157 words


Aug. 15--The village of West Millgrove in Wood County has been awarded a
$600,000 grant from the Ohio Department of Development's office of housing and
community partnerships to make critical improvements to its wastewater and sewer
system.

Village officials said they plan to use the funds to install about 31,000 linear
feet of sewer lines and a pumping station. Money also will be used to assist 48
low and moderate-income households within the village in tapping into the sewer
system. The village plans to spend $2.7 million on its sewer system
improvements, which are expected to benefit about 111 households.

To see more of The Blade, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.toledoblade.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110815-TO-BRF-West-Millgrove-gets-water-sewer-grant-0815-20110815

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2011 The Blade


                              63 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Beacon (Ashtabula, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 1, 2008 Friday

Austinburg residents may get financial aid

BYLINE: Stacy Millberg, Star Beacon, Ashtabula, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 573 words


Feb. 1--AUSTINBURG TOWNSHIP -- Tentative results from an income survey could
bring some financial assistance to township residents who will bear the majority
of the cost for a state-mandated sewer project.

The survey was conducted by the Ashtabula County Ohio State University Extension
Office. The estimated cost of the project is $2.3 million, the majority of which
will be paid by township residents through assessments.

County officials have secured a $350,000 grant and a $150,000 zero-interest loan
from the Ohio Public Works Commission, but may be able to get additional grants
meant to aid low and moderate-income households, said Janice Switzer, Ashtabula
County Recycling and Community Services Office program manager.

"The residents in the project area have a lower median income than the township
as a whole," she said. "Therefore, if the results are verified, which we hope
they will be, it may allow the county to apply for additional grant funding."

Switzer said that the survey results, which show more than half of the affected
households would fall into that category, are subject to verification by the
Ohio Department of Development's Office of Strategic Research. It is unknown how
long the verification will take.

Eighty-one of the 94 households affected by the project responded to the income
survey. The median household income (MHI) for the project area was determined to
be $35,842, significantly lower than the township MHI of $49,494, according to
tentative survey results.

Fifty-one percent of the entire survey population (48 of 94 households) are
considered low and moderate-income households. Eighty-one surveys were returned.
Of the 200 persons living in the survey area, 111 are living in low and
moderate-income households, according to the tentative results.

Ninety of the 200 residents in the responding population are classified as
full-time workers, 22 of them are 65 years of age or older, 49 of them are under
the age 18, and 42 of the respondents are living in rental properties, according
to the tentative results.

OSU Extension has reported the findings to potential funding sources, such as
U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development, Community Development Block
Grant Water and Sewer Program and the Ohio Environmental Protection Agency Water
Pollution Control Fund, Switzer said.

"It's too early to say how much individual residents may save," she said. "We
have to wait until we hear from the Office of Strategic Research to know what
grant funding we can apply for."

Township residents rallied from the beginning, spearheading an effort by
residents, township and county officials to find alternative funding sources.
Property owners will be assessed about $140 per front foot. Assessments could be
upward $40,000 for residential properties and more than $300,000 for some
commercial properties.

"The county has been working hard with the Austinburg Sewer Committee and
affected residents to identify ways to lower project costs," said Daniel
Claypool, Ashtabula County commissioner.

To see more of the Star Beacon or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.starbeacon.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Star Beacon, Ashtabula, Ohio
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080201-OB-Austinburg-residents-may-get-financial-aid-0201

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OB


                                 Copyright 2008


                              64 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            February 3, 2015 Tuesday

When is a deadline not a deadline?

BYLINE: Conor Pope

SECTION: IRELAND; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 918 words


Another Irish Water deadline? What is this one about? Well, people had until
midnight last night to sign up to Irish Water or else.

Or else what? Or else nothing it seems.

Deadlines for registration The first deadline for sending back the Irish Water
application packs was October 31st last year. This deadline was ignored by
hundreds of thousands of people as the utility flailed about. So another
deadline of November 30th was set. This too was ignored by many people as
thousands took to the streets in protest at the charges. The Government then
caved in (or listened to the people, depending on your take) and announced a
dramatic overhaul of the water charging system. A new deadline of February 2nd
was announced for registration.

Three deadlines in four months? This one is set in stone, though, right? Not
remotely. There will be no penalties imposed on those who fail to meet the
"deadline" for registration. Speaking on RTÃ[0/00] Radio, Labour Senator
Lorraine Higgins said this was never "a drop dead deadline". In fact she used
that phrase on three occasions. She also said  "there will be a situation where
you will be given optimal time to actually register".  What does that mean? We
have no idea. She then said it was "very important for people to register
today".

Why? After her interview, Irish Water clarified things by saying that some
people who fail to sign up for the new regime may face higher charges at some
future point.

Right, what does that mean?  Irish Water spokeswoman Elizabeth Arnett has said
there will be an assumption made that those who do not confirm their details
with Irish Water are part of a two-adult household and so will face the standard
charge of EUR 260.

She also said  households who do not register with the utility will not be in a
position to apply to the Department of Social Protection for the EUR 100 water
conservation grant, although the deadline for applying for that grant is still
some way off.

So back to the deadline. What happens if I miss it? Nothing. A spokeswoman for
Irish Water told The Irish Times the utility would continue to accept
confirmation from people or changes in their details after the deadline.

"People can confirm or change their details with us any time. We'll continue to
do that beyond February 2nd. The earlier you give it to us the better so you get
the correct bill. If you get a bill that has any aspect of it not right, get
onto us."

So how do I register? You can register at water.ie or by returning the revised
application form downloadable from water.ie. Or register by phone. You don't
need a Pin number or the original documentation unless you want to register
online.   What are the charges? Households made up of two adults or more will
have their water charges capped at EUR 160 a year, a figure that includes a EUR
100 water conservation grant that will only be applied if people register with
Irish Water.

Single-adult households will pay an effective EUR 60 rate. The charges are
capped until January 1st, 2019, and legislation has been promised to allow for
capped charges to continue after that. The metered charge has also been reduced
from just under 0.5c a litre to 0.37c. If a house has just a water supply or
only a sewage service they will pay 50 per cent of the new rates.

So if everyone is paying the same charge the meters are useless now?  Not
really. If you are on a meter and use less water than the assessed charge, you
can get a rebate. Minister for the Environment Alan Kelly has said if metered
households cut use by 10-15 per cent they will be able to "beat the cap". If
consumption in the first year after a meter is installed is less than the capped
charge, a once-off rebate on the amount they paid before moving to a meter will
be applied. This will be calculated by Irish Water.

What's this about a water conservation grant?  To be honest, it seemed to be
less about conserving water and more about reducing water bills to stop a
national meltdown. It's EUR 100. The Department of Social Protection will
administer it. It will not be operational until September next.  To be eligible,
householders with any element of public water/ sewage water supply or on group
water schemes or with private supplies, must complete a valid registration with
Irish Water.

When is the deadline for applying for the grant? All we have been told by the
Department of the Environment is that a separate deadline is to be put in place
although there is no indication when this deadline is likely to be. The grant is
to be administered by the Department of Social Protection, which is in the
process of putting new systems in place to administer the scheme.

What happens if I refuse to pay my water charges?  The power Irish Water had to
reduce the supply of water where water charges are not paid is being removed.
Instead, unless the customer enters into a payment plan: late payment penalties
of EUR 30 for a single-adult household and EUR 60 for other households will be
added to bills three months following a year of non-payment. If someone does not
pay, Irish Water can apply the charge to a property in the event of non-payment.

When will my first bill arrive?  The billing began in January and the first
bills will start to arrive in April.  I am renting a home. Am I liable or is my
landlord? The occupier pays the bill. Irish Water wants landlords to prove they
are not the occupier by supplying the tenant's name.

Irish Water will then contact the tenant and demand they complete the
registration.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                            October 9, 2007 Tuesday

$17-M water supply project targets eastern Metro Manila's poor households

BYLINE: Maria Kristina C. Conti

SECTION: Pg. S1/6

LENGTH: 465 words


The World Bank's International Finance Corp. (IFC) will provide $2.8 million for
a $17-million Manila Water Co. project designed to reach out to 20,000 poor
metro households.

Via the Global Partnership on Output-based Aid, or GPOBA, Manila Water President
Antonino T. Aquino said the IFC will partly sponsor the Tubig para sa Barangay
(TPSB) project that will benefit communities in Antipolo, Rizal, Pasig and
Taguig, all within the east zone concession area.

Target beneficiaries are mainly poor families relocated from Metro Manila and
some Gawad Kalinga villages, said project coordinator Paula P. Pe Benito. The
whole project - including the construction of reservoirs, booster pumps, and
filtration wells - costs $17.35 million, 80% of which will be shouldered by the
Ayala-led water company.

The GPOBA grant earmarked for subsidized connection fees and the provision of
faucets and water closets, was approved by the donor in early August, but Manila
Water had not yet signed the grant agreement, said Ms. Pe Benito.

Ms. Pe Benito said that, pending clarification of financial details, the GPOBA
task team could approve $100,000 as advance credit within the week. Since the
grant is output-based, Manila Water has to shell out the money for the project
first before it can reimburse expenses.

The connection fee, which is about P6,000, will be waived for the selected
households. But they are still expected to pay a P600 meter and P1,020 guarantee
fee, said Ms. Pe Benito.

Manila Water hopes to finish connecting communities before the year ends, she
added. "The grant is CPI (inflation-) adjusted, so it will be more expensive
next year. We can connect up to 21,000 households if exchange rate stays at P45
[to $1]," she said.

Mr. Aquino said in a separate interview that Manila Water had already finished
connecting 700 households in Baybay Sapa, San Mateo, Rizal.

"As we help communities, we help ourselves. Most of Manila Water's nonrevenue
water [losses] come from low-income areas with bad infrastructure. This is a
classic example of your social and environmental goals perfectly aligning with
business goals," he said.

GPOBA is a multi-donor trust fund administered by the World Bank which funds and
designs "output-based" approaches to support the delivery of basic services to
the poorer, unserved majority.

"Output-based aid," the World Bank Web site said, pegs actual assistance like
subsidies to performance indicators.

"GPOBA has previously provided support and is currently working towards
providing subsidy funding for new connections," the funding agency said of the
TPSB project in its Web site.

For instance, it has spent $500,000 to connect the 700 households in Baybay Sapa
to the main water supply network. To date, it has funded 64 projects worth
$146.52 million since 2003.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2007 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                     October 7, 2015 Wednesday 4:26 PM GMT

700,000 households apply for 100 euro water conservation grant

SECTION: REPUBLIC OF IRELAND

LENGTH: 165 words


Some 716,000 households have applied for a 100 euro water conservation grant
ahead of Thursday's midnight deadline.

The Department of Social Protection, which is processing the payment, released
the figures as part of an 11 hour drive to get people into the system through
watergrant.ie.

More than 1.3 million households are eligible to apply for the payment, as they
have registered with Irish Water.

Some 395,000 households have already received their payment and all payments
should be made by the end of October.

There is no condition attached to the grant that it has to be spent on
conservation and neither is there an obligation to pay water charges if a
consumer signs up for the payment.

The scheme was only open to consumers who registered with Irish Water by the end
of June this year.

A helpline for people seeking information about the grant or for those who
cannot apply online will remain open until 10pm on Wednesday and from 8.30am
until the Thursday midnight deadline.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2015 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Wexford People (Ireland)

                               September 3, 2013
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Getting septic tank grant 'like trying to win the lotto';
BROWNE CALLS ON MINISTER TO CHANGE SYSTEM

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 364 words


DEPUTY John Browne has urged the government to change the way grants for septic
tank upgrades will be applied to make it easier for people to gain access to
funding.

A minimum of 99 septic tanks are due to be inspected in County Wexford over the
coming months, but under the current scheme, people whose tanks are not
inspected are unable to apply for grants, even if they are faulty.

'We have a ludicrous situation where receiving a grant to upgrade your septic
tank is like trying to win the lotto,' said the Fianna Fail deputy.

'Under Phil Hogan''s regime you have to fail an inspection before being eligible
for a grant but you can''t request an inspection because they''re conducted at
random. How is a homeowner who knows they have a problem with their septic tank
expected to meet the criteria to secure a grant? 'I am aware of people in
Wexford who are incurring regular costs in maintaining their septic tank. They
know their waste water treatment system needs to be upgraded but they cannot
take on the full cost of upgrading it themselves.' '  Deputy Browne said
Minister Hogan was very reluctant to have a grant scheme in the first place 'but
the system is now so restrictive you could only conclude he actually doesn't
want to provide meaningful help for people'.

'It is in the best interests of the environment, the government and the owners
who have septic tanks that are sub-standard that there is proper support for
upgrade works.

Almost 90 per cent of households served by private on-site sewage treatment
systems have now registered their tanks with their local authorities.

Inspections will initially concentrate on areas where waste water discharges
present a high risk to health or the environment.

Homeowners will be notified by their local council at least 10 days before an
inspection.

Those who registered their tank by the deadline of February 1 will be eligible
for grant aid if they fail the inspection.

The maximum grant available will be (EURO)4,000, or 80 per cent of the cost, for
households with income of up to (EURO)50,000. For households with income of
between (EURO)50,000 and (EURO)75,000, the maximum grant will be (EURO)2,500, or
50 per cent of the cost.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: John Browne, TD.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WXP


             Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                              June 22, 2015 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

No grant for those who identify own septic tank issue

BYLINE: Paul Melia

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 360 words


HOMEOWNERS who identify major issues with their septic tanks are barred from
availing of a grants scheme to fix the problem and protect water sources.

Only if the tank fails an inspection are local authorities allowed to provide up
to (EURO)4,000 in financial aid, the Department of the Environment has
confirmed.

This is despite some 500,000 septic tanks being dotted across the country, many
of which are in high-risk areas and linked to pollution.

This is because they are not being emptied or properly maintained, but in many
cases they also require replacement or structural repairs.

New figures show that just 65 grants have been paid in 2014 and 2015, totalling
(EURO)206,000.

Most have been paid to homeowners in Meath, where 13 have been awarded; followed
by seven each in Roscommon and Sligo and six each in Limerick and Clare.

Households with incomes of up to (EURO)50,000 can claim 80pc of the costs of
carrying out works, to a maximum of (EURO)4,000.

For incomes between (EURO)50,001 and (EURO)75,000, 50pc can be claimed up to
(EURO)2,500.

However, there has been sharp criticism of excluding households which identify a
problem on their own initiative.

Fianna Fáil environment spokesman Barry Cowen said if the Government was serious
about protecting water sources, it would be extended to all households. "In
Offaly, where our water sources are underground, a bad septic tank is a major
contributor to pollution," he said.

"The Environmental Protection Agency is expected to carry the can, one would
assume, but they would not have the manpower or people on the ground to ensure
standards are adhered to."

Some 497,281 septic tanks and other on-site wastewater treatment systems are
located across the country. To date, some 454,464 systems have been registered,
a 91.3pc compliance rate.

Households which failed to register their tanks by February 2013 are not
eligible for the grant payment.

The Department of the Environment defended the decision to exclude registered,
but not inspected, tanks.

It said the scheme was introduced to assist in repair costs for domestic
wastewater treatment systems that were deemed, following inspection, as
requiring repairs.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 4, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Household Water Well System Grant Program

LENGTH: 194  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Jul 26, 2013
Contact

Joyce M. Taylor
Community Programs Specialist
Phone: 202.720.9589
Email: JoyceM.Taylor@wdc.usda.gov
Purpose

The Household Water Well System Grant Program provides funding to private
nonprofit organizations to create a revolving loan fund to provide low-interest
loans to eligible individuals to construct, refurbish, and service
individually-owned household water well systems. Loans may not be provided for
home sewer or septic system projects.
Eligibility

Private, nonprofit organizations that have tax-exempt status are eligible to
apply.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $917,221
Award Ceiling: $300,000
Number of Awards: Up to 10
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and online application process will be available
through grants.gov.

Updated program details were published in the Federal Register on June 26, 2013.

Tagged as  Community development, Housing and homelessness, Public health

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                           October 22, 2015 Thursday
                              Business Day Edition

Municipalities to benefit from grant overhaul

BYLINE: WYNDHAM HARTLEY

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 405  words


Municipalities to benefit from grant overhaul

CAPE TOWN - The government is to overhaul and streamline municipal grants to
reduce the administrative burden they create.

Local government faces the twin crises of violent service delivery protests and
decaying infrastructure, particularly water systems. The proposed changes -
announced during Finance Minister Nhlanhla Nene's medium-term budget policy
statement in Parliament yesterday - are intended to assist local government in
these areas.

The plethora of grants paid to municipalities include separate ones for
infrastructure, roads and water services. Grants to local government are
generally ring-fenced and paid out in three or four tranches.

The state has revised local government's allocation to R101.3bn for the 2015-16
financial year, while the funding for this sphere of government will increase by
an average 8.2% in the next three years.

The Treasury said: & Changing the structure of the grants ... (will) increase
differentiation between types of municipalities, while reducing proliferation,
improving asset management over the lifespan of infrastructure, (as well as)
improving national support and oversight of grants.& Ensuring reliable service
delivery depended on maintaining and renewing infrastructure and building new
infrastructure to reach unserved households.

& Changes include allowing grant funds to be used to refurbish infrastructure,
whereas previously funds had largely targeted the construction of new
infrastructure.& Grants would also fund the establishment of asset maintenance
plans and stronger conditions would be placed on municipalities to use these to
& prioritise the maintenance and investment needed on their infrastructure& The
municipal water infrastructure grant, water services operating subsidy grant and
rural households infrastructure grant will merge into a single grant since they
largely overlap.

The public transport network grant will have a new formula-based allocation
method phased in from 2016-17. & This should increase certainty about the extent
of national funding that municipalities can expect when planning their public
transport networks....& The indirect bucket eradication grant will be extended
to 2016-17 to complete the removal of bucket sanitation systems in formal
residential areas.

Other grants will continue to be used in informal residential areas for
upgrading sanitation and eradicating the bucket system.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                             July 28, 2016 Thursday

No payout under lead pipe grant scheme;
Subvention plan to cut exposure to lead in drinking water introduced in June
last year

BYLINE: Olivia Kelly

SECTION: IRELAND; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 382 words


No money has been paid out by the Department of the Environment in grants for
households to replace lead pipes on their properties since the scheme was
announced one year ago.

In June 2015, Alan Kelly, then minister for the environment, announced a
national strategy to reduce exposure to lead in drinking water. Among the
measures announced was a grant scheme to assist "low-income" households with the
costs of replacing lead pipes.

Households with income of up to EUR 50,000 were eligible to apply for a grant of
80 per cent of costs or up to EUR 4,000, while those with an income between EUR
50,000 and EUR 75,000 were entitled to receive a grant of EUR 2,500 or 50 per
cent of the cost.

Almost 180,000 homes built before 1980 are believed to have lead pipes. Irish
Water plans to spend EUR 370 million over the next 10 years replacing pipes
leading to these properties, but householders are responsible for lead pipes in
their homes. Homeowners can apply to their local authority, which then recoups
the money from the department. Local authorities have been able to seek
reimbursement since February.

Recoupment not sought

 "To date no local authority has sought recoupment from the department," a
spokesman for the department said.

While there may be a time lag between applications made and reimbursement
sought, neither Dublin nor Limerick city councils - the two local authorities
where most of the households with lead pipes are located - have received any
applications from householders.

"Limerick City and County Council has had fewer than 10 inquiries about the lead
pipe replacement grant scheme so far and there have been no applications
received to date," a spokesman said. He said the council was making homeowners
aware of the grant and encouraging them to apply.

A spokesman for Dublin City Council said: "So far there have not been any grants
paid out for lead pipe replacement".

Tests on water in Dublin homes up to December 2014 showed lead levels far in
excess of legal limits, with one house in Raheny 80 times the "safe" limit.
While pipe replacement is the best solution, Irish Water plans to introduce a
chemical called orthophosphate into the system to lessen the lead in water.
Limerick is likely to be the first water supply to receive the treatment from
October.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 26, 2013 Friday

Utah: Household Water Well System Grant Program

LENGTH: 148  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Jul 26, 2013
Contact

Joyce M. Taylor
Community Programs Specialist
Phone: 202.720.9589
Email: JoyceM.Taylor@wdc.usda.gov
Purpose

The Household Water Well System Grant Program provides funding to private
nonprofit organizations to create a revolving loan fund to provide low-interest
loans to eligible individuals to construct, refurbish, and service
individually-owned household water well systems. Loans may not be provided for
home sewer or septic system projects.
Eligibility

Private, nonprofit organizations that have tax-exempt status are eligible to
apply.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $917,221
Award Ceiling: $300,000
Number of Awards: Up to 10

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 25, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Household Water Well System Grant Program

LENGTH: 148  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Jul 26, 2013
Contact

Joyce M. Taylor
Community Programs Specialist
Phone: 202.720.9589
Email: JoyceM.Taylor@wdc.usda.gov
Purpose

The Household Water Well System Grant Program provides funding to private
nonprofit organizations to create a revolving loan fund to provide low-interest
loans to eligible individuals to construct, refurbish, and service
individually-owned household water well systems. Loans may not be provided for
home sewer or septic system projects.
Eligibility

Private, nonprofit organizations that have tax-exempt status are eligible to
apply.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $917,221
Award Ceiling: $300,000
Number of Awards: Up to 10

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 24, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Household Water Well System Grant Program

LENGTH: 148  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Jul 26, 2013
Contact

Joyce M. Taylor
Community Programs Specialist
Phone: 202.720.9589
Email: JoyceM.Taylor@wdc.usda.gov
Purpose

The Household Water Well System Grant Program provides funding to private
nonprofit organizations to create a revolving loan fund to provide low-interest
loans to eligible individuals to construct, refurbish, and service
individually-owned household water well systems. Loans may not be provided for
home sewer or septic system projects.
Eligibility

Private, nonprofit organizations that have tax-exempt status are eligible to
apply.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $917,221
Award Ceiling: $300,000
Number of Awards: Up to 10

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 23, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Household Water Well System Grant Program

LENGTH: 148  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Jul 26, 2013
Contact

Joyce M. Taylor
Community Programs Specialist
Phone: 202.720.9589
Email: JoyceM.Taylor@wdc.usda.gov
Purpose

The Household Water Well System Grant Program provides funding to private
nonprofit organizations to create a revolving loan fund to provide low-interest
loans to eligible individuals to construct, refurbish, and service
individually-owned household water well systems. Loans may not be provided for
home sewer or septic system projects.
Eligibility

Private, nonprofit organizations that have tax-exempt status are eligible to
apply.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $917,221
Award Ceiling: $300,000
Number of Awards: Up to 10

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 30, 2016 Wednesday

Westernport awarded $2.2M for new water system

BYLINE: Greg Larry, Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 599 words


March 30--WESTERNPORT -- The town of Westernport has been awarded $2.2 million
in grants and a $600,000 federal loan to install a new water system in the
community.

U.S. Sens. Barbara Mikulski and Ben Cardin and U.S. Rep. John Delaney announced
the funding package Wednesday, saying a new water system and water tank will be
installed with the funding. The new tank will improve service to more than 1,144
households and 45 businesses in Allegany County, according to a press release
issued through Mikulski's office.

"Maryland cities and towns need to upgrade their water and sewer infrastructure,
but they can't do it on their own," said Mikulski. "Rural communities need a
government on their side. That's what these federal grants and loans are about."

The funding package includes a $1 million grant from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture Office of Rural Development and a $600,000 loan. The Department of
Housing and Urban Development awarded $800,000 in Community Development Block
Grant funding through the Maryland Department of Housing and Community
Development. The Appalachian Regional Commission also awarded Westernport
$400,000.

The federal funds will be used to install a 750,000 gallon water storage tank
and pump station, as well as 8,500 linear feet of waterline. As a result of the
additional capacity, the Westernport will be able to provide new water service
to the towns of Bloomington and Luke.

"They will help with construction jobs today by building the new water system
and tank. And they will help the people and businesses of Westernport, Luke and
Bloomington well into the future by providing clean, reliable water service,"
said Mikulski.

The funds will provide much needed infrastructure improvements, according to
Cardin.

"Our water infrastructure supports our daily lives in a way that few other
things do," said Cardin, a senior member of the Senate Environment and Public
Works Committee. "We ignore needed upgrades in water infrastructure at our own
peril. Substantial investments like these that improve people's lives in
Westernport should be applauded and duplicated throughout Allegany County."

Delaney said the project is long overdue.

"Here's the bottom line: thanks to these federal grants 1,144 households and 45
businesses in Allegany County will have improved water service," said Delaney.
"This new project in Westernport is a partnership between federal, state and
local agencies that should improve public health and greatly benefit the local
community and is a prime example of why I'm focused on bringing more
infrastructure funding to Western Maryland," said Delaney.

The USDA Rural Development grant program was created to improve the economy and
quality of life in rural America. The program helps support essential services
and infrastructure improvements, and promotes economic development by supporting
loans to businesses through banks and community-managed lending pools.

"The pipes, pumps and tanks that bring us our water are often out of sight, but
improving and expanding our water infrastructure is a major issue that demands
attention," said Delaney.

ARC is a federal-state partnership that promotes economic development in 13
states throughout the Appalachian region. In 2014, Maryland received $4.7
million in ARC funding, including $1.8 million for 18 local projects and $2.9
million for access road construction.

Follow staff writer Greg Larry on Twitter @GregLarryCTN.

___ (c)2016 the Cumberland Times News (Cumberland, Md.) Visit the Cumberland
Times News (Cumberland, Md.) at times-news.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160330-UM-Westernport-awarded-2.2M-for-new-water-system-0330-20160330

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2016 Cumberland Times-News


                              77 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Ballymena Times

                              June 1, 2012 Friday

£2million grant scheme will create Toasty Homes'

LENGTH: 749  words


firmus energy has just launched an exciting initiative offering almost £2million
worth of grants to qualifying households in Ballymena to switch their existing
heating system to natural gas.

This is the third year that firmus energy has run the toasty homes' scheme,
which is part-funded through the Northern Ireland Sustainability Energy
Programme.

The toasty homes' scheme gives homes in Ballymena the opportunity to secure a
grant of up to £1,500 towards the installation costs of converting to a new
natural gas heating system. Anyone who successfully secures one of the toasty
homes' grants can also benefit from up to £800 towards insulating their home,
free energy saving light bulbs and a free energy monitor.

Last year more than 500 homes across Northern Ireland received a grant to
convert to natural gas, which is a convenient, versatile and more efficient
fuel. This year, grants totalling £1,915,000 will be available to over 600
households via the toasty homes scheme and a further 200 households can benefit
from the toasty home plus grants.

The grants are available across the firmus energy network in Northern Ireland,
on a first-come, first-served basis.

What makes the toasty home' scheme unique is that it is open to households which
currently use oil, LPG, Economy 7, solid fuel or those with no heating system.

New this year, an additional £715,000 worth of grants has been allocated to
qualifying homes under the Toasty Homes Plus scheme. Toasty Homes Plus offers
qualifying households a free natural gas heating system conversion and up to
£800 to help insulate their home.

Given that almost a quarter of heat is lost through the roof of an un-insulated
home1, the toasty homes' scheme, which can also includes insulation, will allow
householders in Ballymena to ensure their homes are as energy-efficient as
possible.

Customers who secure a toasty homes' grant will receive financial support to
install a high efficiency natural gas boiler which will help reduce household
fuel bills and reduce CO2 emissions2.

Adding the savings from more efficient boilers, proper controls and the lower
cost of natural gas can create huge savings.

firmus energy natural gas prices continue to be the lowest of any domestic gas
supplier in Northern Ireland3.   Natural gas from firmus energy remains one of
the lowest cost heating fuels for your home.

Shelly Burns, firmus energy, was in Ballymena on Friday, June 1, to help launch
the toasty homes' scheme with the Mayor of Ballymena, Councillor Hubert Nicholl.

She said:  "We're delighted to announce that even more toasty homes' grants are
available this year. It's a fantastic scheme as the criterion allows us to reach
out to those households that may miss out on other benefit schemes. Switching to
natural gas from firmus energy makes common sense as it just takes one quick
phone call to take advantage of a more versatile and environmentally friendly
fuel.

"Our existing customers in Ballymena love the fact that they will never run out'
of fuel and have a constant, instant supply of hot water.  Those who qualify for
toasty homes will also enjoy these benefits and as there is no need for an oil
tank or hot water cylinder, people who switch to natural gas can also have extra
space in their gardens or could even splash out' on a new shower unit inside!"

Mayor of Ballymena, Councillor Hubert Nicholl, added: "We are very pleased to
support firmus energy at the launch of this year's toasty homes' scheme. The
cost-saving benefits to people living in Ballymena are two-fold; initially the
substantial discount off the installation but equally importantly, the
significant savings on fuel bills gained by installing a highly efficient
heating system and by insulating the home.

"I would encourage anyone who is eligible and interested in making their home a
toasty home' to apply for a grant sooner rather than later, as there are a
limited number of grants available."

To qualify for the toasty homes' scheme, people must:

Own their own home or live in privately rented accommodation

Currently use LPG, oil, Economy 7, solid fuel or have no central heating

Live along the firmus energy natural gas network in Ballylmena

Be single with an income/pension of up to £24K gross per annum

OR couple (with/without children) /single parent family with income/pension up
to £35K gross per annum

If you would like to find out if you are eligible or you want to turn your home
into a toasty home' simply contact firmus energy on 08456 08 00 88.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INBT


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 22, 2011 Thursday

Piedmont, Paw Paw receive block grants for infrastructure projects

BYLINE: Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 394 words


Dec. 22--PIEDMONT, W.Va. -- Both Piedmont and Paw Paw will benefit from block
grants recently announced by Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin, who released more than $15
million for 23 critical infrastructure projects.

Piedmont will receive $545,000 to make repairs to the water plant on Reservoir
Road and also to repair some water lines, according to Betsy Rice, Piedmont city
clerk. Approximately 315 households will benefit from these improvements.

"We are very happy and pleased. We don't usually get the Small Cities Block
Grant," said Rice. "It's something we had been working on for four years with
the help of Region 8, former Governor Joe Manchin, and Allen Evans, who was the
delegate at the time. They were very helpful."

Gary Howell is now the delegate because of redistricting, according to Rice.

Paw Paw will receive $1 million toward a $2.2 million project to improve its
sewer system. The sewer system has received notice of violations from the
Department of Environmental Protection, according to the press release that
announced the funding. Approximately 175 households will benefit from the
improvements.

Thee infrastructure projects will serve approximately 27,300 residents
statewide, of which more than 15,800 are low- and moderate-income. More than
5,800 households in these communities will receive improved or new service as a
result of these investments.

"I am committed to assisting the citizens of West Virginia in improving their
quality of life and believe these projects, funded with Small Cities Block Grant
funds, will assist us in this effort," Tomblin said in the press release. "In
order to provide for economic development, a suitable living environment and
adequate housing, there must be a strong local commitment to these types of
community development projects that provide access to clean, adequate water and
reliable sewer facilities. By working together we can promote future economic
development and make West Virginia a better place to live."

The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development provides Small Cities Block
Grant funds to the state, according to the press release. The Community
Development Division of the West Virginia Development Office manages these
funds.

___ (c)2011 the Cumberland Times News (Cumberland, Md.) Visit the Cumberland
Times News (Cumberland, Md.) at times-news.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111222-UM-Piedmont-Paw-Paw-receive-block-grants
-for-infrastructure-projects-1222-20111222

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2011 Cumberland Times-News


                              79 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                            August 2, 2008 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Pulling the plug...Save money by getting off the grid!

BYLINE: Patrick Langston, CanWest News Service

SECTION: AT HOME; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 650  words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


OTTAWA -- Looking to wean yourself off the grid? The savings -- to you and the
planet -- can be astronomical.

Here's how: Start by calculating how much energy your home is consuming and what
you can save by changing your habits and retrofitting your home. Online aids,
like Natural Resources Canada's home heating calculator (www.canren.gc.ca) are
invaluable.

Meant for Ontario residents, Hydro One's PowerSaver Plus for Residential
Customers (hydroonenetworks.com), offers tips which can help evryone in the
country.

The next step is to calculate the return on investment of generating your own
energy, beginning with the simplest technologies and those that give the biggest
immediate bang for the buck.

Remember that once you opt for generating your own energy, you'll need an energy
audit to qualify for federal EcoENERGY and matching provincial grants; your
system supplier will provide audit and grant details.

- A drain water heat recovery system:

Like RenewABILITY Energy Inc.'s Power-Pipe (www.renewability.com), it uses heat
from shower, dishwasher and other household waste water to warm cold water
before it enters your hot water heater. Hot waste water passes down an interior
copper pipe around which cold water tubing is wrapped, warming the fresh water
to roughly 25 C from 10 C. There is no contact between waste and fresh water.

Installed cost: $600 to $1,200

Approximate savings: $200 a year

Government rebates: Up to $260

Sources: Sears Canada Home Services for installation; Home Depot
(www.homedepot.ca) for DIYs.

3 A solar hot air system:

It consists of wall-mounted solar panels that warm the cooler air from the floor
level of your house and return it via a vent mounted a couple of feet below the
ceiling. Thermostat-controlled systems, like SolarSheet (www.yoursolarhome.com),
use a solar-powered fan to move the air through the panels.

Installed cost: from $2,500

Approximate savings: Up to 15 per cent of annual heating costs

Government rebates: None

3 Solar hot water system

Increasingly popular, it consists of solar panels or tubes, usually mounted on
the roof, a pump, a heat exchanger and a holding tank. The system pumps a
liquid, such as glycol, through a closed loop to the panels or tubes, where it
is heated by the sun's energy, before returning to the basement where it
transfers its heat to household water. Popular systems include EnerWorks
(www.enerworks.com). Solar heating is especially well suited to swimming pools.

Installed cost: from $6,000

Approximate savings: Up to 60 per cent of annual hot water heating costs.

Government rebates: $1,300 plus

3 Windmills

Suitable for rural properties, they are great in high-wind areas. They supply
power, via an inverter, to a battery bank that then feeds the household energy
needs. Windmills can be a supplemental energy source or part of a varied
off-grid strategy.

Installed cost: $15,000 plus

Approximate savings: Up to 30 per cent of household electricity; payback is a
relatively long 12 to 15 years.

Government rebates: None

3 Solar electricity generation

It is, for now, within reach of only the well-heeled. Full-scale systems are
very expensive while smaller ones, like windmills, usually require backup energy
sources.

They are, however, ideal for isolated sites where energy needs are minimal and
hydro hookup prohibitively expensive.

Installed cost: $35,000 plus

Approximate savings: As much as 100 per cent

Government rebates: None

3 Other off-grid products

Wood stoves: Modern stoves provide comfy heat with reduced emissions. If you
don't have a source of free, high-quality wood, be prepared to pay roughly
$1,100 a year to heat a 2,000-square-foot home.

Pellet stoves: They need a small amount of electricity to operate and are noisy,
but these little beauties burn compressed wood pellets, throwing lots of heat
and producing minimal emissions. A good stove will keep an 1,800-square-foot
home comfortable for about $1,500 a year.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: (See hardcopy for photo description) ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                            August 30, 2008 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Getting off the grid; Looking to wean yourself off the grid? The savings -- to
you and the planet -- can be astronomical. Here's how:

BYLINE: For Canwest News Service

SECTION: SPECIAL SECTION; Pg. L9

LENGTH: 519  words


Start by calculating how much energy your home is consuming and what you can
save by changing your habits and retrofitting your home. Online aids, like
Natural Resources Canada's home heating calculator (www.canren.gc.ca) are
invaluable.

The next step is to calculate the return on investment of generating your own
energy, beginning with the simplest technologies and those that give the biggest
immediate bang for the buck.

Remember that once you opt for generating your own energy, you'll need an energy
audit to qualify for federal EcoENERGY and matching provincial grants; your
system supplier will provide audit and grant details.

A DRAIN WATER HEAT RECOVERY SYSTEM

Like RenewABILITY Energy Inc.'s Power-Pipe (www.renewability.com), it uses heat
from shower, dishwasher and other household waste water to warm cold water
before it enters your hot water heater. Hot waste water passes down an interior
copper pipe around which cold water tubing is wrapped, warming the fresh water
to roughly 25 C from 10 C. There is no contact between waste and fresh water.

Installed cost: $600 to $1,200

Approximate savings: $200 a year

Government rebates: Up to $260

Sources: Sears Canada Home Services for installation; Home Depot
(www.homedepot.ca) for DIYs.

A SOLAR HOT AIR SYSTEM

It consists of wall-mounted solar panels that warm the cooler air from the floor
level of your house and return it via a vent mounted a couple of feet below the
ceiling. Thermostat-controlled systems, like SolarSheet (www.yoursolarhome.com),
use a solar-powered fan to move the air through the panels.

Installed cost: from $2,500

Approximate savings: Up to 15 per cent of annual heating costs

Government rebates: None

SOLAR HOT WATER SYSTEM

Increasingly popular, it consists of solar panels or tubes, usually mounted on
the roof, a pump, a heat exchanger and a holding tank. The system pumps a
liquid, such as glycol, through a closed loop to the panels or tubes, where it
is heated by the sun's energy, before returning to the basement where it
transfers its heat to household water. Popular systems include EnerWorks
(www.enerworks.com). Solar heating is especially well suited to swimming pools.

Installed cost: from $6,000

Approximate savings: Up to 60 per cent of annual hot water heating costs.

Government rebates: $1,300 plus

WINDMILLS

Suitable for rural properties, they are great in high-wind areas. They supply
power, via an inverter, to a battery bank that then feeds the household energy
needs. Windmills can be a supplemental energy source or part of a varied
off-grid strategy.

Installed cost: $15,000 plus

Approximate savings: Up to 30 per cent of household electricity; payback is a
relatively long 12 to 15 years.

Government rebates: None

SOLAR ELECTRICITY GENERATION

It is, for now, within reach of only the well-heeled. Full-scale systems are
very expensive while smaller ones, like windmills, usually require backup energy
sources. They are, however, ideal for isolated sites where energy needs are
minimal and hydro hookup prohibitively expensive.

Installed cost: $35,000 plus

Approximate savings: As much as 100 per cent

Government rebates: None

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Jean Levac, Canwest News Service; Windmills are another green
alternative for home energy. Alain Scott powers his home with windmill/solar
electricity. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday
                                 Budget Edition

LOCAL GOVERNMENT - Grants cut back, controls tightened

BYLINE: KHULEKANI MAGUBANE

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 394  words


LOCAL GOVERNMENT

Grants cut back, controls tightened

Parliamentary Writer

FINANCE Minister Pravin Gordhan has reduced the number of bulk infrastructure
grants for municipalities and adjusted their requirements and formulae.

Local authorities' underspending on grant allocations necessitated a review of
infrastructure grants, Mr Gordhan said in his budget speech.

Conditional grants are contested and only the most compelling cases for
infrastructure development usually qualify.

However, the Department of Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs has
seen persistent underspending of the grant in some cases and misuse of the
allocation in others.

Mr Gordhan said the cost of building, maintaining, repairing and refurbishing
bulk infrastructure was rising, as was the number of households around the
country that would need to be connected to bulk services.

Grants related to water infrastructure would be reduced from four to just two -
the regional bulk infrastructure grant and the water services infrastructure
grant.

Mr Gordhan said R11bn had been shifted over the medium term to direct
allocations, allowing councils with the capacity to implement projects for
themselves to do so.

& We are mindful that municipalities face growing pressures from both the rising
cost of bulk services and the rapidly growing number of households.

& Municipal capital spending exceeded R53bn in 2014-15. Yet we continue to see
underspending on infrastructure in many local authorities,& he said.

The structural changes to the grant will allow municipalities to use conditional
grants to refurbish existing infrastructure.

The water services infrastructure grant will fund construction and refurbishment
of reticulation schemes and services in rural councils, while the bulk
infrastructure grant funds large bulk water and sanitation projects.

Meanwhile, cities are implementing the new Spatial Planning and Land Use
Management Act through land use densification and public transport projects with
private sector buy-in.

Mr Gordhan outlined 90 integrated land development programmes in seven metros
where transport will receive investment.

The projects are worth more than R130bn and include an airport node, housing
projects, commercial office facilities, rail upgrades, the introduction of bus
rapid transit systems and building transport networks and corridors.

magubanek@bdlive.co.za

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 10, 2008 Sunday

Wiley Ford water project receives $1.5M state grant: Work includes upgrades,
expansion to help those served by private wells

BYLINE: Liz Beavers, Cumberland Times News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 567 words


Feb. 10--WILEY FORD, W.Va. -- Mineral County has been approved for a $1.5
million Small Cities Community Development Block grant as partial funding to
expand and upgrade water service in Wiley Ford.

The $1.5 million was part of $31 million in grant funds awarded by Gov. Joe
Manchin on Friday.

Mineral County Coordinator Mike Bland said recently the grant would be used to
secure the remainder of the funding for the $5.5 million upgrade.

"We have a commitment of $940,000 from the West Virginia Infrastructure and Job
Development Council," he said. "Now that we have the Small Cities money, we plan
to go back to the IJDC and request the balance of the funding."

According to Bland, the multimillion-dollar upgrade would expand water service
to include a potential of approximately 90 Wiley Ford area residents who are
served by deteriorating private wells.

"We're looking at a lot of the people in the John Chaney Road area," he said,
noting that although the Swan Pond area is not being targeted, the county plans
"to take a closer look at that as the project moves forward."

The project also would replace the bulk of the existing water distribution lines
in the areas that are served by the system.

Commission President Janice LaRue and Commissioner Cindy Pyles traveled to
Charleston on Friday to accept the award.

"I was really excited about the announcement," LaRue said. "I'm very happy that
we're able to help another section of the county get water."

Manchin said he was happy to be able to extend the assistance to more than 30
projects throughout the state.

"I am very pleased to award these Small Cities Block Grant funds for these
worthwhile projects and am committed to helping West Virginians improve their
quality of life," he said. "We cannot provide for economic development, a
suitable living environment or have decent housing without strong local
commitment to these types of community development projects. These
infrastructure projects will help our communities prepare for future growth and
development."

Manchin said the $31 million would be used to leverage approximately $67 million
in additional federal, state and local funds for the completion of 36 critical
infrastructure projects throughout the state.

He estimated the projects will serve approximately 16,574 citizens, of which
more than 10,963 are low- to moderate-income.

"More than 9,000 households will receive improved or new service because of
these investments," according to the Governor's Office.

Other projects in the region include $200,000 to the Pendleton County Commission
to design a system that will extend water service to 87 households in the
Kline-Mozer area and $200,000 to design a water supply system for Newburg in
Preston County.

In Tucker County, Parsons received $1.5 million toward reconstruction of a water
distribution system for 762 customers and Thomas was awarded $300,000 for its
waste water collection system to serve 250 customers.

Contact Liz Beavers at lbeavers@times-news.com

To see more of the Cumberland Times News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.times-news.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Cumberland Times News, Md.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080210-UM-Wiley-Ford-water-project-receives-1.5M-state-grant-0210

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                                 Copyright 2008


                              83 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                            August 27, 2015 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Burton hoping to pay (EURO)100 water grant earlier and help families plan

BYLINE: Niall O'Connor

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 483 words


THE payment of the (EURO)100 Water Conservation Grant will be brought forward by
a number of months as part of changes being considered by the Government.

Tánaiste Joan Burton said distributing the grant in the early part of the year
would make it easier for households in terms of financial planning.

But Ms Burton repeatedly refused to commit on proposals to link the grant to the
payment of bills despite pressure from Government backbenchers.

The Irish Independent reported last week that Fine Gael backbenchers have been
coming under fire in their constituencies because the grant is due to be paid to
all householders - regardless of whether they have paid their bills or not.

The issue sparked tensions within the Coalition after this newspaper revealed
that the proposal had been tabled a number of months ago by Environment Minister
Alan Kelly but was shot down by Finance Minister Michael Noonan.

Mr Noonan felt that linking the grant to bill payment could break State rules
and could isolate 300,000 households on group water schemes or those who have
grants and septic tanks.

But the prospect of linking the grant to the payment of bills now appears to be
firmly off the table in the short term.

Speaking at an event in Dublin yesterday, the Labour Party leader said she
believed the system in place would deliver "very affordable charges".

Bills and she said she hoped changes would be introduced which would see the
(EURO)100 grant, available to all householders who register, paid in the first
half of the year. At present, the grant is paid in the autumn.

However, Ms Burton said she believed the payment date could be brought forward
once a complete set of data was collated by Irish Water.

"Obviously, the first Irish Water bills went out a couple of months ago. The
second billing cycle is under way at the moment and the conservation grant will
be paid as we indicated on an annual basis. We are setting up that system now.
We'll be paying it for this year in the last part of the year," Ms Burton said.

"As the billing system is established, we will in fact be paying it on behalf of
the Department of the Environment, and I hope to be able in future years to pay
it in the first half of the year so that people can manage their obligations in
relation to water charges."

The Dublin West TD was also asked about the upcoming water protest on Saturday
and the situation surrounding a number of individuals who are facing charges as
a result of their role in the infamous Jobstown protest last November.

She said she had read in the media reports that some protesters intended to take
legal action over the alleged leak of the planned arrests but that she was not
in a position to comment further.

Anti-Austerity Alliance TD Paul Murphy has formally complained about the alleged
leak to Garda Commissioner Nóirín O'Sullivan, the Office of the Director of
Public Prosecutions and the Garda watchdog.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                             October 5, 2015 Monday

Majority have not applied for water grant;
Less than half of eligible households have applied for EUR 100 water
conservation grant

BYLINE: Conor Pope

SECTION: IRELAND; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 359 words


Less than half of those eligible for the water conservation grant which has been
linked to controversial water charges have applied, despite a fast-approaching
deadline.

The Department of Social Protection is processing the EUR 100 grant, and its
latest figures show just under 600,000 households have applied for the grant.
The deadline for applications is this Thursday.

Starting in August, the department issued more than 1.3 million letters inviting
people to apply for the grant but more than 700,000 households have yet to do so
and unless they act quickly they will miss out.

Online applications can be made at watergrant.ie, and the site will remain live
until midnight on October 8th.

A Government spokeswoman said a special helpline would operate extended opening
hours up to and including the closing date. She said there had been "a steady
volume of inquiries" last week .

Meanwhile, the volume of calls being made directly to Irish Water has increased
by 200 per cent over the past week as the deadline for applying for the grant
nears.

While the grant is processed by the Department of Social Protection, almost half
the calls to Irish Water last week were from anxious users trying to find
details of their account numbers without which they cannot make the application.


Account numbers

An Irish Water spokeswoman said much of the increase in calls was a result of
people calling to pay their bills but 40 per cent of calls were from people
looking for account numbers.

She said that in order to deal with a greater than normal volume of calls, it
had added a further 30 staff to its call centre.

The company also reported that a leak detection scheme, which has been operating
since March has revealed the porous state of the infrastructure. It said leaks
causing an estimated 18 million litres of purified water to drain out of the
system every day had been detected.

By the end of August, Irish Water's meters had identified 50,000 leaks on
customer properties throughout the State.

It has written to more than 35,000 of those customers alerting them to a
potential leak on their property. They have to bear the burden of repairs
themselves.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                     The Glenville Democrat (West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               December 20, 2012

Gov. Tomblin presents Small Cities Block Grants for fiscal year 2012 projects;
17 projects receive a total of more than $12.5 million

BYLINE: The Glenville Democrat staff

LENGTH: 391  words


Recently, Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin presented over $ 12.5 million in Small Cities
Block Grant funds for 17 critical infrastructure projects.

More than $66 million in other federal, state, and local funds will be leveraged
to.complete these projects - serving approximately 12,200 citizens, of which
nearly 60 percent are low-and moderate-income individuals. More than 5,480
households in these communities will receive improved or new service as a result
of these investments.

"The Small Cities Block Grants I presented today (Wed., Dec. 12) will help fund
important infrastructure projects throughout our state directly improving our
communities," Gov. Tomblin said. "Having the necessary infrastructure in place
makes West Virginia a better place to live and allows us to further promote
economic development. I'm grateful for the strong local support that's helping
these projects thrive."

The U. S. Department of Housing and Urban Development provides Small Cities
Block Grant funds to the state. The Community Development Division of the West
Virginia Development Office manages these funds.

Following are details of several of the grants, most notably, the one awarded to
Gilmer County for the extension of water service to the Coxs Mills area.

GILMER COUNTY COMMISSION, $1,300,000 - This $3.2 million project will extend
water service to approximately 104 households in the Coxs Mill area of Gilmer
County.

TOWN OF CHAPMANVILLE (Logan County), $400,000-This $2.5 million project will
improve reliability and enhance water services to approximately 963 residential
and small commercial customers in Chapmanville and the surrounding area.

FAYETTE COUNTY COMMISSION, $700,000 - This $1.4 million project will extend
water service to approximately 31 households in the Boonesborough area of
Fayette County.

UPSHUR COUNTY COMMISSION, $700,000 - This $5.5 million project will allow the
Upshur County Commission to extend water service to approximately 123 households
in the Indian Camp and Kanawha Head areas of Upshur County.

WETZEL COUNTY COMMISSION, $1,100,000 - This $3.6 million project is for the
Wetzel County Public Service District No. 1, Phase IV Water Line Extension,
which will extend water service to 94 households in the State Run Road, Eight
Mile Road and surrounding areas of Wetzel County.

Some other counties/cities also received lessor grants.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GNV

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2012 The Glenville Democrat


                              86 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       The Stokes News, Walnut Cove, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 20, 2012 Friday

Walnut Cove board pursues grants, discusses budget

BYLINE: Meghann Evans, The Stokes News, Walnut Cove, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 575 words


April 20--At a budget meeting on Thursday, April 12, the Walnut Cove Board of
Commissioners gave the go ahead to a grant application in hopes of getting more
funds to pay for water and sewer upgrades.

The town is hoping to get $72,000 from the Clean Water Management Trust Fund and
$66,300 from the Appalachian Regional Commission so it only has to put up
$37,000 for upgrades. Town Manager Byron Ellis said the town's chances of
receiving a grant from Clean Water look good so far.

The town commissioners approved the ARC application for submission, but
afterward had a lively discussion about water and sewer rates. Commissioner
Sharon Conaway informed Ellis that she thought his calculations were off as to
how much the rate would have to be raised for the town to be eligible for
grants.

In Feburary, the board agreed to raise rates by 20 percent to aid the town in
repairing the town's aging water and sewer system. Ellis had reminded the board
at its January meeting that it could not qualify for a the Clean Water
Management Trust Fund Grant due to the town's low water and sewer rates. To
qualify for the grant, the town's rate has average minimum rate has to be
slightly over $45 per household. Ellis did not believe the 20 percent raise
would lead to the town meeting the average minimum threshhold, and that another
significant raise would be needed.

Conaway believed the town was closer than had previously been thought due to
miscalculations. Ellis agreed to look into it further.

Ellis explained a few days after the meeting that the calculation is complicated
by the fact that there are four different classes of household users: in-town
water, in-town sewer, outside water and outside sewer. Plus, there are four
different rates and four different add-on rates -- a base, or minimum, rate,
plus a cost per gallon over the base. Take into account that there are more than
500 in-town residential water customers and just over 100 outside residential
users. The outside customers pay double the in-town rate.

Ellis said he constructed a rate calculator after the meeting, and from the best
he can tell, the actual average monthly in-town residential water bills prior to
the rate increase in March was $32.53. For out-of-towners it was $65.67. The
weighted average is $38 a month according to the calculation formula dictated by
the grant application. With the recent rate increases, the weighted average
would be around $45 a month.

Ellis said the water and sewer rates will still have to be raised "slightly,"
with the weighted average only needing to rise about $1 a month. Ellis said the
board has until October to decide on raising water and sewer rates if needed to
get a grant.

Also during the meeting, the board agreed to consider a 2.1-percent raise for
most employees. Conaway was only in favor of a raise of around 1 percent due to
the town's tight budget, but she noted that it was up to the will of the
majority. Mayor Lynn Lewis said the board was just agreeing to consider it, not
approve anything yet.

Ellis also suggested the board use some of its Powell Bill funds from the state
to pay for more sidewalks, possibly along Main Street, south of the Food Lion
Shopping Center, towards the central business district. The board gave Ellis
permission to look into the possibility.

___ (c)2012 The Stoke News (Walnut Cove, N.C.) Visit The Stoke News (Walnut
Cove, N.C.) at www.thestokesnews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120420-1WC-Walnut-Cove-board-pursues-grants
-discusses-budget-0420-20120420

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1WC


                                 Copyright 2012


                              87 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       The Stokes News, Walnut Cove, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 19, 2012 Thursday

Walnut Cove board pursues grants, discusses budget

BYLINE: Meghann Evans, The Stokes News, Walnut Cove, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 575 words


April 19--At a budget meeting on Thursday, April 12, the Walnut Cove Board of
Commissioners gave the go ahead to a grant application in hopes of getting more
funds to pay for water and sewer upgrades.

The town is hoping to get $72,000 from the Clean Water Management Trust Fund and
$66,300 from the Appalachian Regional Commission so it only has to put up
$37,000 for upgrades. Town Manager Byron Ellis said the town's chances of
receiving a grant from Clean Water look good so far.

The town commissioners approved the ARC application for submission, but
afterward had a lively discussion about water and sewer rates. Commissioner
Sharon Conaway informed Ellis that she thought his calculations were off as to
how much the rate would have to be raised for the town to be eligible for
grants.

In Feburary, the board agreed to raise rates by 20 percent to aid the town in
repairing the town's aging water and sewer system. Ellis had reminded the board
at its January meeting that it could not qualify for a the Clean Water
Management Trust Fund Grant due to the town's low water and sewer rates. To
qualify for the grant, the town's rate has average minimum rate has to be
slightly over $45 per household. Ellis did not believe the 20 percent raise
would lead to the town meeting the average minimum threshhold, and that another
significant raise would be needed.

Conaway believed the town was closer than had previously been thought due to
miscalculations. Ellis agreed to look into it further.

Ellis explained a few days after the meeting that the calculation is complicated
by the fact that there are four different classes of household users: in-town
water, in-town sewer, outside water and outside sewer. Plus, there are four
different rates and four different add-on rates -- a base, or minimum, rate,
plus a cost per gallon over the base. Take into account that there are more than
500 in-town residential water customers and just over 100 outside residential
users. The outside customers pay double the in-town rate.

Ellis said he constructed a rate calculator after the meeting, and from the best
he can tell, the actual average monthly in-town residential water bills prior to
the rate increase in March was $32.53. For out-of-towners it was $65.67. The
weighted average is $38 a month according to the calculation formula dictated by
the grant application. With the recent rate increases, the weighted average
would be around $45 a month.

Ellis said the water and sewer rates will still have to be raised "slightly,"
with the weighted average only needing to rise about $1 a month. Ellis said the
board has until October to decide on raising water and sewer rates if needed to
get a grant.

Also during the meeting, the board agreed to consider a 2.1-percent raise for
most employees. Conaway was only in favor of a raise of around 1 percent due to
the town's tight budget, but she noted that it was up to the will of the
majority. Mayor Lynn Lewis said the board was just agreeing to consider it, not
approve anything yet.

Ellis also suggested the board use some of its Powell Bill funds from the state
to pay for more sidewalks, possibly along Main Street, south of the Food Lion
Shopping Center, towards the central business district. The board gave Ellis
permission to look into the possibility.

___ (c)2012 The Stoke News (Walnut Cove, N.C.) Visit The Stoke News (Walnut
Cove, N.C.) at www.thestokesnews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120419-1WC-Walnut-Cove-board-pursues-grants
-discusses-budget-0419-20120419

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1WC


                                 Copyright 2012


                              88 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Northern Territory News (Australia)

                             June 25, 2009 Thursday
                                  1 - Edition

Sunshine hot topic Cost effective

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 252 words


GAS and electricity prices are on the rise and predicted to go even higher as
emissions trading becomes a reality in Australia -- but you can fight back.

Water heating is the largest single energy use in the average household
according to Grant Miller of Top End Solahart.

``By replacing your conventional water heater with a Solahart solar water heater
you'll enjoy hot water free from the sun that can save 50 per cent to 85 per
cent of your water heating energy use and make big savings in your energy bills
and greenhouse gas emissions,'' Grant said.

``In fact, by replacing an electric water heater with a Solahart you can you
reduce your carbon footprint by 2.2 tonnes to 2.6 tonnes every year.''

Replace your electric water heater with a Solahart and you could get up to $2980
in government rebates and incentives.

The environmental benefits of solar water heaters are recognised with a range of
Federal Government rebates and incentives to help households make the switch to
solar water heating.

A cash incentive is provided through Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs) which
can reduce the price of a new solar hot water system by more than $1300
depending on the model and your location.

In addition, eligible households can claim a $1600 rebate for switching from
electric to solar or heat pump hot water systems.

Fight back against rising energy costs, switch to Solahart hot water free from
the sun today.

Call your local Solahart expert on 1300 721 946 or visit www.solahart.com.au.

-- Copy supplied by Solahart

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NTN


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Americus Times Recorder (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 9, 2010 Tuesday

GRCAP makes recommendation on Schley water issue

BYLINE: Carly Farrell, Americus Times-Recorder, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1595 words


Feb. 9--ELLAVILLE -- The Georgia Rural Community Assistance Program (GRCAP)
filed a report recently suggesting that Schley County request a moratorium on
any and all payments that are and will become due during the period of the
moratorium, and suggested the moratorium be for at least a year, and possibly
two. During the moratorium, the GRCAP suggested the County form a task force
consisting of local officials and concerned citizens to further delve into and
study the problem. GRCAP suggested monthly or quarterly reports be published.

The Schley County government requested the GRCAP look into the issue because the
water system was initially built to support 960 water taps, but only 363 taps
are now being used. The County expects 25 more taps to be connected once
construction's finished on Schley County's roads. But currently, the County
isn't receiving as much revenue as it had anticipated.

At a January meeting with Jim Caldwell, director of GRCAP, representatives from
two of Georgia's U.S. Congressmen's offices, Schley County Board of
Commissioners and citizens, it was reported that the monthly bill the County is
expected to pay in the phase two water system is $25,582, and the County has
defaulted, as of January, on the loan for three months, making their debt
$76,746.

The County's only bringing in between $14,000 and $15,000 per month from water
bills, which has been going to pay a loan that was doled out for Phase One of
the water system, which covers Ellaville. The County's never gotten behind on
Phase One's bill.

The rural development department of the United States Department of Agriculture
made the loan to Schley County. This type of loan from the USDA/RD, according to
the report filed, is often referred to as a lender of last resort, meaning
Schley County couldn't obtain a reasonable rate on a commercial loan;
federally-funded agencies don't compete with commercial lenders, but
federally-funded agencies will step in if the project would fall to the wayside
and not be finished.

The County initially built the large system because a survey taken in the '90s
by the County's chamber of commerce showed 960 households were interested in
tapping into the system. But, only 38 percent of those who showed initial
interest are tapped into the system.

At January's meeting, Greg Barineau, chairman of the Schley County Board of
Commissioners, explained that most of the residents initially responded they
would like to have a tap just in case their well stopped working.

"It's insurance," Barineau said. "A lot of us did it, including me."

Some households haven't requested to be tapped into Schley County's water system
yet, even though the County was offering customers $150 tap fee, which would
save residents $600 off the regular tap fee. The initial tap fee wouldn't
require a household to receive the County's water -- it would just be there when
or if the customer ever wanted to receive the County's water.

At January's meeting, several suggestions were made to remedy the issue, which
included:

--Charge each of the 363 Schley County water customers $110 per month.

With this, the County would break even, and wouldn't be in debt. But, GRCAP
worried that if this were to happen, the high bills would scare off some of the
water customers already tapped into the system, thereby leaving a higher water
bill for the remaining ones. If all 960 residents were hooked up to the system,
the water bill would be $40 per month, which Barineau said would still be high
to some residents who already have water from wells -- for free except for well
maintenance.

--Begin a well-organized public relations effort to promote the water system.
(The County's water system has a filter that wells don't provide, thereby making
the County's water cleaner than well water.)

By doing this, the water bills may go up a bit initially, but would, in all,
eventually go down because more people would be tapped into the system. But, the
GRCAP concluded this wouldn't guarantee the number of users go up as much as the
County needed.

--Check into grant programs that may be able to help.

The GRCAP found no stand-alone grant aid programs from the federal or state
levels that will consider grant aid to liquidate existing debt. But, in its
report, the GRCAP said, "However, there is a remote, albeit fragile chance, that
the Disadvantaged Community Program under the (U.S. Environmental Protection
Agency) Safe Drinking Water Act Amendments of 1996, as administered in Georgia
by Georgia Environmental Facilities Authority, could offer up to a 50 percent
grant aid, (which) must be matched locally, minimally dollar-for-dollar, and
with a grant limit of $500,000, if this county, with state legislative approval,
created an authority and that authority negotiated a disadvantaged community
loan/grant with GEFA." That way, the County could search for more customers, and
assumes the households already tapped in would be at a reduced fee. Funding may
come from new grants.

The GRCAP also recommended Schley County check into the Immediate Threat and
Danger program administered by the Georgia Department of Community Affairs,
which could give the County $50,000, but has a dollar-for-dollar local match
requirement.

The GRCAP worries these may exacerbate the problem more because of the
dollar-for-dollar matching fees.

--Combine Phase I and Phase II water systems. (Phase One has never been in
default; Phase Two is the problem)

GRCAP worries people in Phase One may drop out of Phase One because of an
increase in their bills, and it wouldn't be fair to Phase One residents because
the City of Ellaville, where Phase One was built, still has its own debt service
considerations.

--Look into modifying the terms of the existing loan.

"Modifying terms of a bond issue may be rare to none," the report says.

--Refinancing the loan.

In part, the report reads, "Even if the interest rate were refinanced at zero
percent, the payment due would only drop by $2,000. The existing shortfall is
nearer to $12,000. Another consideration is the fact that the loan is young;
less than two years into a maturity of 40 years."

--Prepare a Community Development Block Grant (CDBG), which has a maximum of
$500,000.

The report, in part, reads, "... the plan to use such funding for the work
needed to tie on additional customers might be a valid justification. Still, the
number of customers needed is close to 600 if user charges are to be kept at or
near the present level."

Moreover, the report says the money is only offered once a year and the
application is typically due around April 1. Moreover, if the CDBG gives
$300,000 or more, there's a community match that's required at five percent, and
there's usually a $3,000 administration fee. The net gain, the report said, if
Schley County was granted the entire $500,000, would be $465,000. So, the report
concludes, "The overriding consideration is, will the justification of paying
off existing debt have enough merit to warrant consideration for approval of the
highly competitive CDBG program?"

--Create a special water district for those who initially showed interest in
becoming a part of the County's water system, then opted out; let these people
tap into the water system at no cost, then charge those customers a $7.50
surcharge fee every month for their tap. It typically costs $750 to tap into the
County's system, but Schley County has been offering taps for $150 for the past
few months to try to get people on the water system.

The report said that additional revenue would help, but those customers'
additional revenue wouldn't be enough to make this option conceivable.

--County officials could add a debt service fee onto current County water
customers and should be considered for those who have tapped into the system,
but aren't using the County's water.

The report didn't say anything for or against this option; it said, "Impact fees
are common and well known and understood, but the debt service fee is a
mechanism for achieving essentially the same thing, that is returning to all
other citizens any costs associated with a special or specialized service."

The report referred its readers to a page on the City of Nashville's (Ga.) Web
site, which explains, in part, to Nashville's citizens that the City will be
implementing a sewer debt fee of $7 per each residential equivalent unit, and
the water debt service fee will be $1.95 per each equivalent unit each month.

The report also asks its readers to Google Middletown Debt Service Fee Policy
Resolution 99-04 for a similar example.

Besides recommending Schley County request a moratorium on any and all payments
that are and will become due during the period of the moratorium, and suggesting
the moratorium be for at least a year, and possibly two years, the GRCAP said
the River Valley Regional Commission tried obtaining a list of households that
still showed interest in becoming water customers, but determined that fewer
than 50 may consider doing so in a relatively short amount of time.

GRCAP is an organization, which works within seven states, that provides
cost-free service to small units of local government.

To see more of the Americus Times-Recorder, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.americustimesrecorder.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Americus
Times-Recorder, Ga. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100209-AF-GRCAP-makes-recommendation-on-Schley-water-issue-0209

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AF


                                 Copyright 2010


                              90 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                   Bluefield Daily Telegraph (West Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 6, 2008 Wednesday

Bluefield Daily Telegraph, W.Va., Charles Owens column: Water projects must be
aggressively pursued in communities throughout region

BYLINE: Charles Owens, Bluefield Daily Telegraph, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 767 words


Feb. 6--Water is a necessity in life that all too often we tend to take for
granted. However, as difficult as it may seem to believe, there are still
communities across southern West Virginia and Southwest Virginia that lack
modern public drinking water systems.

Two stories I wrote last week offered very differing views of the plight of
those communities struggling with water, and those that are now being served by
modern water and sewer systems.

Headlines last week once again detailed the struggle of residents in the Elkhorn
community, who have been dealing with water outages and water pressure problems
since late last year. We heard last week from the owners of the Elkhorn Inn and
Theater, which had to struggle for almost a month with low water pressure
problems.

I spoke Monday with residents in the Bradshaw Mountain and Paynesville
communities, who have been dealing with water woes for several months now.

Several hundred households in the Bradshaw Mountain and Paynesville communities
are currently having to buy all of their water for drinking and cooking. Many
others are using cistern systems, and catching water in buckets, barrels and
cans. The drought conditions from last summer have left other wells and springs
in the community dry.

Residents in the community are asking the McDowell County Public Service
District for help, and have mailed letters asking for assistance to Gov. Joe
Manchin, U.S. Sen. Robert C. Byrd, D-W.Va., U.S. Sen. Jay Rockefeller, D-W.Va.,
U.S. Rep. Nick Joe Rahall, D-W.Va., Sen. John Pat Fanning, D-McDowell, and
others.

The community is estimating that as many as 600 households in the Paynesville
and Bradshaw Mountain areas could be served by the proposed water system.

Just across the state line in Virginia in neighboring Tazewell County, a very
different story is being told. We learned last week that the Tazewell County
Public Service Authority has completed more than $70 million worth of new water
and sewer projects over the last decade.

The county has completed 47 water and sewer projects over the last 15 years at a
cost of $68,231,310 with work either underway or construction pending on another
three projects at a cost of $2,385,670. The three remaining projects include the
Falls Mills Water/Sewer Project, the Red Ash Water Line Extension Project and
the Northern Tazewell County Regional Water Project.

The numbers shared by Tazewell County Administrator Jim Spencer are quite
phenomenal. The majority of those 47 projects constructed by the county were
made possible through grant funding. That means grant dollars are available for
those communities that aggressively pursue such dollars.

The total debt incurred by Tazewell County over the 10-year period was
$29,687,422. The majority of that debt is loan funding at a 0 percent interest
rate, according to Spencer. Despite the tremendous accomplishments in Tazewell
County, there are still communities in the county -- including Tannersville --
in need of public drinking water.

There is no doubt that Tazewell County officials have been aggressive when it
comes to the pursuit of state and federal grant and loan dollars. Not too many
communities in Southwest Virginia -- and southern West Virginia for that matter
-- can say they have secured more than $70 million in grant and loan funding
over a 10-year period for the construction of 47 new water and sewer projects.

However, the aggressive attitude of our Virginia-side neighbors is something we
should certainly strive to emulate when it comes to pursing grant and even loan
funding for urgently needed infrastructure projects -- such as water and sewer.

It is difficult to understand that why in the year 2008 there are still
communities across southern West Virginia and Southwest Virginia without modern
infrastructure -- specifically water and sewage treatment facilities. Clearly,
there is still much work to be done -- even in Tazewell County -- before we can
achieve our goal of providing water and sewer to all households across the
region.

Water is a necessity of life. It should be readily available to all families who
open their kitchen faucet.

Charles Owens is the Daily Telegraph's city editor

To see more of Bluefield Daily Telegraph, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.bdtonline.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Bluefield Daily Telegraph,
W.Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080206-WF-Bluefield-Daily-Telegraph-W-Va-Charles-Owens-column-0206

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WF


                                 Copyright 2008


                              91 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                            August 1, 2015 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Water bills could rise by 50pc and (EURO)100 grant facing axe as EU report hits
home

BYLINE: Paul Melia

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8,9

LENGTH: 581 words


WATER bills could rise by as much as 50pc if the Coalition insists on keeping
Irish Water's loans off the national balance sheet.

The (EURO)100 water conservation grant and the pricing cap are also in the
firing line, if the Coalition wants the company to pass Eurostat's market
corporation test.

This would result in 70pc of customers, or almost 950,000 households, being hit
with a higher charge as they would have been expected to pay no more than the
maximum bill of (EURO)260 per year.

Scrapping the (EURO)100 grant to every householder who registers with Irish
Water will also result in higher charges.

European agency Eurostat earlier this week ruled Irish Water did not pass a
crucial test because more than 50pc of revenues came from Government. It also
found the so-called 'water conservation grant' should be treated as a payment to
Irish Water, as it was "clearly" designed to offset bills.

Failure to pass the market corporation test means that Irish Water's borrowings
will be added to the national debt.

The Government has committed to not changing the charging structure, including
the cap, until at least 2019.

Subsidies It has also said the (EURO)100 grant will be paid annually, but the
Eurostat decision means that some subsidies will have to be withdrawn for Irish
Water to qualify as a standalone entity.

ESRI economist Dr Edgar Morgenroth said that the "minimum" the Government needed
to do was scrap the (EURO)100 grant.

"It's hard to argue the (EURO)100 water conservation grant is anything other
than a rebate to Irish Water. To meet the Eurostat criteria I expect that at the
minimum the government would have to get rid of the untargeted (EURO)100
subsidy.

"The true cost of providing water and wastewater is probably (EURO)500 to
(EURO)600. We now have (a charge of) (EURO)260, less the (EURO)100, and we're
not even close to 50pc."

New data published by the Central Statistics Office (CSO) also shows how the
Government is heavily subsidising the cost of treating water.

It says that households are currently being charged (EURO)3.70 per 1,000 litres
of drinking water and wastewater, but that the "real" cost is (EURO)5.42.

The prices are being kept low because the Government not only subsidises
household bills, but also pays another (EURO)1.72 per 1,000 litres to cover the
cost of child allowances and the cap.

Removing these subsidies would add around 46pc to bills.

The CSO, Irish Water, Eurostat and the Government have all refused to release
redacted figures in the Eurostat ruling, arguing they are commercially
sensitive.

But data released by the CSO shows the extent Irish Water relies on the State.

The Government will this year provide Irish Water with (EURO)400m to offset
treatment costs and keep charges low. This will increase to (EURO)479m next
year.

Some (EURO)60m is being provided from taxation to pay for the 'free' allowance
of 21,000 litres per child. Another (EURO)129m is being paid to keep the maximum
charge at (EURO)260 per two-adult household and (EURO)160 for a oneadult home.

A "product subsidy" of (EURO)211m is paid to offset treatment costs. These
subsidies exclude the water grant, which costs (EURO)130m.

Dr Morgenroth said if 51pc of total funding had to come from direct charges to
customers, it gave the Government "very little room for manoeuvre".

"Prices are not set in relation to costs at all, they're set politically. It
can't be like that if you want a market operation firm," he said, adding that
payment rates would have to improve.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Economist Edgar MorgenrothProtesters at one of the recent marches
against water charges

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    The Blairsville Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 11, 2011 Friday

Funding steered toward Indiana County rentals

BYLINE: Jared Stout, The Blairsville Dispatch, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 762 words


March 11--Contract modifications for the Homeless Prevention and Rapid
Re-Housing Program were among a long list of Office of Planning and Development
items approved at Wednesday's Indiana County Commissioners' meeting.

Funding for most portions of HPRP will be decreased so the county can transfer
that money to increase the allocation for rental vouchers by $37,600 up to a
total of $198,851.35. The number of households assisted will be revised from 25
to 38.

"This is the area of greatest need for assistance by Indiana County residents
through the HPRP program," said LuAnn Zak of the Office of Planning and
Development.

As for the other areas of the program:

-- Homeless prevention will be cut from $18,000 to $6,200 and the beneficiaries
will be reduced from 60 households to 15.

-- The rapid rehousing utility subsidies allocation will be reduced from $30,000
to $8,000 but still will assist 25 households.

-- Rapid rehousing emergency hotel assistance will be decreased from $6,000 to
$2,200 but still will assist 10 households.

Funds for HPRP were approved in the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of
2009 -- the federal stimulus -- which included a total of $1.5 billion for a
Homeless Prevention Fund.

Several planning and development items involving water and sewage improvements
also were approved Wednesday.

The commissioners entered into a contract with Terra Works, Inc., of Clarion to
undertake the Locust Street Sanitary and Storm Sewer Improvements Project in
Indiana.

The contract of $692,860 is being funded with an H2O PA Grant awarded to the
Indiana Borough/White Township Regional Sanitary Sewer Improvements Project.

The project will replace the sanitary sewer line and improve the storm sewer
system on Locust Street between Fourth and Sixth streets -- benefiting 41
households.

The commissioners approved a contract for Ray I. Winter and Sons, Inc., of
Indiana for the construction of the Glen Campbell Water System Improvements
Project.

The contract award was for a base bid of $299,810, but a change order was
approved to address the replacement of water lines on three streets in addition
to the five streets planned in the original contract.

The change order brought the project cost to $437,930, which will be funded by a
2006 Indiana County Entitlement Grant and a 2010 Competitive Grant from the
Community Development Block Grant program.

The commissioners approved a change order in the amount of $4,513.75 to the
general/mechanical contract with Galway Bay Corporation for the Blairsville
Municipal Authority Sewage Treatment Plant expansion.

The change order is needed for additional aluminum ladders to the control
building roof at the existing digesters and an additional ladder and platform
for the new secondary digester. The project is paid for by funding through the
Penn Works and PennVest programs.

The commissioners terminated the balance of a contract agreement of $2,500 with
Earthmovers Unlimited, Inc., for failure to complete punch-list items for the
Marsh Run Stream Bank Rehabilitation Project in Indiana by this past Sept. 30.
The project was funded through Indiana Borough CDBG Entitlement Funds.

A contract amendment was ratified for the county's Core Communities Housing
Program, funded by the state. It will reduce the audit allocation from $7,000 to
$3,000 and increase the allocation for salaries and fringe benefits from $38,000
to $42,000.

In other matters, the commissioners approved a Hazardous Materials Emergency
Preparedness Grant for 2011, representing an increase of about $4,000 from last
year. Funding for training and planning operations will total $19,995.20 for
2011.

Contracts were approved with three constables -- Charles Bracken, Barry Rosen
and Rick Yarnick -- to transport certain clients on an as-needed basis on behalf
of the Armstrong-Indiana Mental Health/Mental Retardation program.

The motion had been tabled at the previous meeting because the two constables
originally proposed -- Bracken and Rosen -- were both from Armstrong County.
Yarnick, an Armstrong Township constable, was added to the list to provide
Indiana County with a representative.

The commissioners proclaimed March to be Intellectual Disabilities Awareness
Month.

To see more of The Blairsville Dispatch or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pittsburghlive.com/x/blairsvilledispatch/. Copyright (c) 2011, The
Blairsville Dispatch, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services.
For more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110311-DH-Funding-steered-toward-Indiana-County-rentals-0311-20110311

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DH


                    Copyright 2011 The Blairsville Dispatch


                              93 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Sligo Champion

                                January 15, 2013
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

February 1 septic tanks deadline

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 233 words


IN ADDITION to the property tax, some homeowners are also liable for a one-off
septic tank charge of (EURO)50.

This is due for payment on or before February 1 this year. Payment after that
date could lead to possible prosecution and a maximum fine of (EURO)5,000.
Contrary to popular belief, it is not just septic tanks that need to be
registered. Basically any property that is not connected to the main sewerage
system will be expected to register.

The Septic Tank charge was introduced in February 2012 to address the European
Court of Justice ruling against Ireland in October 2009 and to protect ground
and surface water quality from the risks posed by malfunctioning systems.

The (EURO)50 fee is payable to cover the costs of administration by the water
services authorities and of the risk-based inspections to be carried out.

Inspections will commence after the end of the registration period in 2013.

Unlike the property tax system, there are no exemptions but provision is being
made in the Rural Water Programme 2013 for a grant scheme to provide financial
assistance to those households whose domestic waste water treatment systems are
deemed, following inspection, to require remediation or upgrading.

The level of grant available will be dependent on the income of the household.
The grant assistance will only be available to householders who have registered
their system by February 1 2013.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SGC


             Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            October 7, 2010 Thursday

Japan, World Bank Join Forces with Egypt to Improve Sanitation Services for
Rural Population

LENGTH: 738  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Oct. 07 -- Japan and the World Bank are joining forces with the
Government of Egypt (GoE) to address the country's priority program for
improving sanitation services and delivering comprehensive sanitation coverage
in rural areas.

Most households in villages lack adequate sanitation and hygiene services in
rural Egypt. While almost all households in urban areas have piped connections
to a public water service network, roughly 15% of households in slum areas and
13% in rural areas do not.

To address such challenge, the Japanese Government under the Japan Social
Development Fund (JSDF) is providing a grant to finance a Community Development
and Capacity Building component that will support the implementation of the
ongoing Integrated Sanitation and Sewerage Infrastructure Project (ISSIP) to
which the World Bank is providing US$120 million finance.

"We are very pleased to contribute to Egypt's development agenda and to support
the promotion of hygiene practices, social mobilization, communication, and
sustainable rural sanitation services," said Ambassador of Japan to the Arab
Republic of Egypt H.E. Ambassador Norihiro Okuda at the event to mark the launch
of the grant.

"The JSDF provides grants to support community-driven development and poverty
reduction in developing countries, with a special focus on the poorest and most
vulnerable groups," he added.

The primary beneficiaries under the JSDF grant will be the smaller villages in
the rural Delta within the ISSIP project area. A total of 60 villages (with an
average total population of up to 1000 each) will benefit from direct support
for delegated management systems. A secondary target group will be the larger
villages and communities (a total of about 500,000 people) in about 8 village
clusters that will benefit from the implementation of the community
participation strategy.

"We are particularly pleased to continue to have such solid partnership with the
Japanese Government in support of Egypt's developmental efforts. This
capitalizes on the World Bank's donor coordination efforts and other donors'
long-term engagement and experience in the water supply and sanitation sector,"
said David Craig, Country Director for Egypt, Yemen and Djibouti.

ISSIP aims at developing the rural sanitation in towns and villages in three
Governorates in the Delta region: Gharbiya, Kafr-el-Sheikh and Beheira. The
project will provide improved wastewater collection and treatment systems in
targeted clusters to help reduce the pollution in the surrounding water canals
and drains. It plans to finance centralized sanitation systems in about 222
large villages within 14 clusters, and decentralized sanitation systems in an
estimated 120 individual villages with smaller populations.

"The lessons learned from the implementation phase of this grant activities will
be disseminated and replicated for the larger population of the entire project
area and at the national level by mainstreaming it within the Water and
Sanitation Companies (WSCs) and Holding Company for Water and Wastewater (HCWW)
operations and within the National Rural Sanitation Strategy," said Param Iyer,
Task Team Leader of ISSIP at the World Bank.

The National Holding Company for Water and Wastewater (HCWW) is currently
implementing ISSIP 1 covering Garbiya, Beheria and Kafr-El-Sheikh. The HCWW is
also preparing with World Bank support a follow-on project to cover the
Governorates of Menoufia, Sharkeya, Sohag and Assiut.

"Both of these projects are fully consistent with the national priorities of
strengthening the role of the public sector through enhancing the provision of
public services such as sanitation and sewerage," said Dr. Abdel Kawi Khalifa,
the Chairman of National Holding Company for Water and Wastewater (HCWW).

"The Japanese Grant will provide an entry point to strengthening the
subsidiaries, local actors and communities and it is expected that lessons will
be learned to inform the sector's vision toward the future," he added.

ISSIP's three governorates have a total population of approximately 8,015,700,
of which 72.9% live in rural areas. The project is co-financed by the
Governments of Egypt, Switzerland, Japan and the German Development Agency
(GTZ). Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For
any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                              May 22, 2009 Friday

About the 4 winners of block grants in Franklin County

BYLINE: Staff report

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 416 words


Letterkenny Township Municipal Authority got $75,000 to help qualifying
households connect to public sewer. The Cumberland Franklin Joint Municipal
Authority is constructing the $5 million sewer line in Letterkenny Township,
from Orrstown to Upper Strasburg.

Nearly 120 low- to moderate-income households are getting financial help to
connect to sewer. A qualified homeowner will get help in paying a contractor to
run a line from his or her house to the authority 's pipe at the road. To
acquire a competitive $350,000 block grant from the state for the project, the
county was required to put in its own block grant funds.

- - -

Quincy Township got $125,000 to extend a water line on Furnace Road. The
township's $500,000 project will supply drinking water to 44 families, most of
whom get their potable water from cisterns.

Block grant money previously paid for extending the water line from Mont Alto to
17 homes in Quincy Township.

The latest project will extend the line 7,000 feet to Fox Hill near Tomstown
Road.

A landowner is willing to put $125,000 toward the project, according to Quincy
Township Supervisor Robert Gunder. The owner plans to develop about 156 homes on
the land, but the Borough of Mont Alto has not agreed to supply them.

"The $125,000 is in doubt," Gunder said. "As it stands right now, we would not
be able to go to the end of the 7,000 feet."

Should the developer contribution fall through, the township would seek the
amount through the block grant, Gunder said.

Gunder contends the borough has enough water. David Monn of the borough
authority was not available for comment on Thursday.

Quincy has been financing the project piecemeal through the block grant program
since 2007. The township contribution is $25,000.

The project is to start in the fall once the township has the permits, Gunder
said.

- - -

The village of Dry Run got $18,417 to cover cost overruns from a project to
replace water lines. The community in Fannett Township had asked for $81,000.

The county block grant program has put more than $1 million into rebuilding the
water system since 1994.

The block grant program already has paid for 95 percent of the most recent
project.

- - -

Indian Lake Camp Corp., Fannettsburg, got $200,000 to $120,000 from the annual
county block grant and $80,000 from the Community Development Block Grant
Recovery. Water mains will be replaced as part of another ongoing public water
project in Path Valley. The community had asked for $442,000. Half the project
can be completed.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  Antrim Times

                                 July 27, 2010

'Toasty homes' £500,000 grant scheme launched in Antrim

BYLINE: Staff reporter

LENGTH: 462 words



HIGHLIGHT: FIRMUS energy launched an exciting initiative last week offering
grants to qualifying households in Antrim to switch their existing heating
system to natural gas.


The 'toasty homes' scheme is giving people in Antrim the opportunity to secure a
grant of up to £1,500 towards the installation costs of converting to a new
natural gas heating system. Anyone who successfully secures one of the 'toasty
homes' grants can also benefit from up to £800 towards insulating their home and
free energy saving light bulbs.

The scheme, which is part-funded through the Northern Ireland Sustainability
Energy Programme, will be available to 350 households*, and equates to more than
£500,000 across these homes, on a first-come, first-served basis. What makes
this scheme unique is that 'toasty homes' is open to households which currently
use oil, LPG, Economy 7, solid fuel or those with no heating system.

Given that almost half of heat loss in a typical home is through the walls and
roof, the 'toasty homes' scheme, which can also include insulation, will allow
households in Ballymena to ensure their homes are as energy-efficient as
possible.

Customers who secure a 'toasty homes' grant gain financial help to install a
high efficiency natural gas boiler, which means you waste less fuel and heat,
which in turn keeps fuel bills and C02 emissions down. Converting from a 10 year
old G rated oil boiler to a new A rated natural gas boiler with a full set of
heating controls can lead to an improvement of 32% in boiler efficiency, which
impacts directly on annual fuel bills.

Adding the savings from more efficient boilers, proper controls and lower cost
of natural gas can create a huge saving of around 46% or £493 per annum for
households who have made the switch to natural gas.

Gary Swann, firmus energy, was in Antrim last week to help launch the 'toasty
homes' scheme she said: "We're delighted to announce that 'toasty homes' grants
are available again this year. It's a fantastic scheme as the criteria allows us
to reach out to those households who may narrowly miss-out on other benefit
schemes. Switching to firmus energy natural gas makes common sense as it just
takes one quick phone call which can have huge advantages, including lower fuel
bills. Natural gas from firmus energy is cheaper than oil and we review our
prices annually to ensure it continues to be cheaper.

"Our existing customers in Antrim love the fact that they will 'never run out'
of fuel and that they have a constant, instant supply of hot water. It's great
that all those who qualify for toasty homes will also enjoy these benefits. With
no need for an oil tank or hot water cylinder, people who switch to natural gas
can have extra space in the garden or 'splash' out on a new shower unit inside.

"We also offer a 'pay-as-you-go' facility with the firmus energy smart card -
which makes it easier to budget and means one less bill for householders to
worry about.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ANTM


                       Copyright 2010 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Ballymena Times

                                 July 27, 2010

'Toasty homes' grant scheme launched

BYLINE: Staff reporter

LENGTH: 463 words



HIGHLIGHT: FIRMUS energy launched an exciting initiative last week offering
grants to qualifying households in Antrim to switch their existing heating
system to natural gas.


The 'toasty homes' scheme is giving people in Antrim the opportunity to secure a
grant of up to £1,500 towards the installation costs of converting to a new
natural gas heating system. Anyone who successfully secures one of the 'toasty
homes' grants can also benefit from up to £800 towards insulating their home and
free energy saving light bulbs.

The scheme, which is part-funded through the Northern Ireland Sustainability
Energy Programme, will be available to 350 households*, and equates to more than
£500,000 across these homes, on a first-come, first-served basis. What makes
this scheme unique is that 'toasty homes' is open to households which currently
use oil, LPG, Economy 7, solid fuel or those with no heating system.

Given that almost half of heat loss in a typical home is through the walls and
roof, the 'toasty homes' scheme, which can also include insulation, will allow
households in Ballymena to ensure their homes are as energy-efficient as
possible.

Customers who secure a 'toasty homes' grant gain financial help to install a
high efficiency natural gas boiler, which means you waste less fuel and heat,
which in turn keeps fuel bills and C02 emissions down.

Converting from a 10 year old G rated oil boiler to a new A rated natural gas
boiler with a full set of heating controls can lead to an improvement of 32% in
boiler efficiency, which impacts directly on annual fuel bills.

Adding the savings from more efficient boilers, proper controls and lower cost
of natural gas can create a huge saving of around 46% or £493 per annum for
households who have made the switch to natural gas.

Shelly Burns, firmus energy, was in Ballymena last week to help launch the
'toasty homes' scheme she said: "We're delighted to announce that 'toasty homes'
grants are available again this year.

"It's a fantastic scheme as the criteria allows us to reach out to those
households who may narrowly miss-out on other benefit schemes. Switching to
firmus energy natural gas makes common sense as it just takes one quick phone
call which can have huge advantages, including lower fuel bills.

"Natural gas from firmus energy is cheaper than oil and we review our prices
annually to ensure it continues to be cheaper.

"Our existing customers in Antrim love the fact that they will 'never run out'
of fuel and that they have a constant, instant supply of hot water. It's great
that all those who qualify for toasty homes will also enjoy these benefits.

"With no need for an oil tank or hot water cylinder, people who switch to
natural gas can have extra space in the garden or 'splash' out on a new shower
unit inside.

"We also offer a 'pay-as-you-go' facility with the firmus energy smart card -
which makes it easier to budget and means one less bill for householders to
worry about.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BALL


                       Copyright 2010 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                South Wales Echo

                              June 28, 2013 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Green kit grants are doubled

BYLINE: Nathan Bevan

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 268 words


HOUSEHOLDS in South Wales will be able to claim £600 in grants to install
hi-tech green kit in their homes.

The Department of Energy and Climate Change in Westminster has announced a
doubling in the Renewable Heat Premium Payment.

It means now households in South Wales can claim £600 in one-off grants to help
install renewable heating technologies such as solar panelling, Harnessing the
power in sunlight, solar panelling is generally installed on the roof, in a
south-facing position that is shadow-free.

It provides homes with electricity to heat water and even to feed back into the
National Grid.

What is more, the panels continue to work even in winter, helping to heat the
water in a domestic water tank, so that less energy is used in producing hot
water.

In doing this the system helps people reduce their dependency on fossil fuels,
helps the environment by reducing the amount of emissions pumped into the
atmosphere, reduces an individual's carbon footprint and can cut costs in at a
time of soaring energy bills.

"Solar thermal systems have come a long way in recent years, and can provide up
to 70 per cent of a household's annual domestic hot water," says Barrie Roberts,
renewables manager at Topstak in Cowbridge.

"Simple controls now ensure greater reliability, and the maintenance levels are
practically zero as glycol is no longer used in the panels.

"They are also robust and reliable, and will withstand storms, hail, footballs
and vandals," he adds.

The Renewable Heat Premium Payment Scheme has also been extended, and will now
run until the end of March 2014.

Visit www.energysavingtrust.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Workmen installing solar panels on a home to generate renewable
electricity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SWE


                    Copyright 2013 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Kent and Sussex Courier

                                February 6, 2009

Sun-sational savings for green Edenbridge residents

BYLINE: Tom Rubashow

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 334 words


Edenbridge residents can make some scorching savings this year thanks to grants
being offered to people from Sevenoaks district looking to use solar energy.

A scheme set up by Sevenoaks District Council and a number of other local
authorities in north and west Kent, offers a grant of £1,500 to any home owner
looking to install a solar hot water system.

This means, in addition to potential Government funding of £400 from the Low
Carbon Programme, anybody could benefit from £1,900 off the typical cost of
installing a solar hot water system, usually around £4,000.

SDC cabinet member with responsibility for home energy efficiency Cllr Carol
Clark said: "Using solar energy can provide some great savings on your utility
bills, and with this scheme providing a huge discount on the cost of a solar
energy system, it is the perfect chance to think about installing such a system
in time for hopefully a sun-filled few summer months."

Tessa Barraclough, from Creative Environmental Networks (CEN), which is managing
the grants, added that the funding made solar thermal a "cost effective" way to
reduce household emissions.

"Many people find that they can turn off their boiler altogether over the
summer," she said, "thus extending the life of their boiler and reducing
maintenance costs."

Solar water heating works  by using energy from the sun to heat liquid in a
roof-mounted panel which in turn heats water in your hot water cylinder.

When there is not sufficient energy from the sun, the temperature is topped up
by a boiler or immersion heater to provide hot water for use in the home.

The scheme aims to support residents who want to be less reliant on the
traditional sources, and costs, of energy.

Solar thermal is particularly attractive for households who do not have mains
gas and consequently have expensive water heating bills.

CEN can provide a free quotation from a network of UK approved installers and
check the quotation for value and suitability.

To apply for a grant contact CEN on 0800 2942848.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 101


                     Copyright 2009 Kent and Sussex Courier
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Kent and Sussex Courier

                                February 6, 2009

Sun-sational savings for green Edenbridge residents

BYLINE: Tom Rubashow

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 334  words


Edenbridge residents can make some scorching savings this year thanks to grants
being offered to people from Sevenoaks district looking to use solar energy.

A scheme set up by Sevenoaks District Council and a number of other local
authorities in north and west Kent, offers a grant of £1,500 to any home owner
looking to install a solar hot water system.

This means, in addition to potential Government funding of £400 from the Low
Carbon Programme, anybody could benefit from £1,900 off the typical cost of
installing a solar hot water system, usually around £4,000.

SDC cabinet member with responsibility for home energy efficiency Cllr Carol
Clark said: "Using solar energy can provide some great savings on your utility
bills, and with this scheme providing a huge discount on the cost of a solar
energy system, it is the perfect chance to think about installing such a system
in time for hopefully a sun-filled few summer months."

Tessa Barraclough, from Creative Environmental Networks (CEN), which is managing
the grants, added that the funding made solar thermal a "cost effective" way to
reduce household emissions.

"Many people find that they can turn off their boiler altogether over the
summer," she said, "thus extending the life of their boiler and reducing
maintenance costs."

Solar water heating works  by using energy from the sun to heat liquid in a
roof-mounted panel which in turn heats water in your hot water cylinder.

When there is not sufficient energy from the sun, the temperature is topped up
by a boiler or immersion heater to provide hot water for use in the home.

The scheme aims to support residents who want to be less reliant on the
traditional sources, and costs, of energy.

Solar thermal is particularly attractive for households who do not have mains
gas and consequently have expensive water heating bills.

CEN can provide a free quotation from a network of UK approved installers and
check the quotation for value and suitability.

To apply for a grant contact CEN on 0800 2942848.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 101


                     Copyright 2009 Kent and Sussex Courier
                              All Rights Reserved


                              101 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Kent and Sussex Courier

                                February 6, 2009

Sun-sational savings for green Edenbridge residents

BYLINE: Tom Rubashow

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 334 words


Edenbridge residents can make some scorching savings this year thanks to grants
being offered to people from Sevenoaks district looking to use solar energy.

A scheme set up by Sevenoaks District Council and a number of other local
authorities in north and west Kent, offers a grant of £1,500 to any home owner
looking to install a solar hot water system.

This means, in addition to potential Government funding of £400 from the Low
Carbon Programme, anybody could benefit from £1,900 off the typical cost of
installing a solar hot water system, usually around £4,000.

SDC cabinet member with responsibility for home energy efficiency Cllr Carol
Clark said: "Using solar energy can provide some great savings on your utility
bills, and with this scheme providing a huge discount on the cost of a solar
energy system, it is the perfect chance to think about installing such a system
in time for hopefully a sun-filled few summer months."

Tessa Barraclough, from Creative Environmental Networks (CEN), which is managing
the grants, added that the funding made solar thermal a "cost effective" way to
reduce household emissions.

"Many people find that they can turn off their boiler altogether over the
summer," she said, "thus extending the life of their boiler and reducing
maintenance costs."

Solar water heating works  by using energy from the sun to heat liquid in a
roof-mounted panel which in turn heats water in your hot water cylinder.

When there is not sufficient energy from the sun, the temperature is topped up
by a boiler or immersion heater to provide hot water for use in the home.

The scheme aims to support residents who want to be less reliant on the
traditional sources, and costs, of energy.

Solar thermal is particularly attractive for households who do not have mains
gas and consequently have expensive water heating bills.

CEN can provide a free quotation from a network of UK approved installers and
check the quotation for value and suitability.

To apply for a grant contact CEN on 0800 2942848.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 101


                     Copyright 2009 Kent and Sussex Courier
                              All Rights Reserved


                              102 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  Antrim Times

                             June 12, 2012 Tuesday

Toasty homes' £2m grant scheme launches

LENGTH: 794  words


LOCALLY-BASED company, firmus energy, launched an exciting initiative today
offering almost £2million worth of grants to qualifying households across the
province, including Antrim, to switch their existing heating system to natural
gas.

This is the third year that firmus energy has run the toasty homes' scheme,
which is part-funded through the Northern Ireland Sustainability Energy
Programme.

The toasty homes' scheme gives homes in Antrim the opportunity to secure a grant
of up to £1,500 towards the installation costs of converting to a new natural
gas heating system.  Anyone who successfully secures one of the toasty homes'
grants can also benefit from up to £800 towards insulating their home, free
energy saving light bulbs and a free energy monitor.

Last year more than 500 homes across Northern Ireland received a grant to
convert to natural gas, which is a convenient, versatile and more efficient
fuel. This year, grants totalling £1,915,000 will be available to over 600
households via the toasty homes scheme and a further 200 households can benefit
from the toasty home plus grants. The grants are available across the firmus
energy network in Northern Ireland, on a first-come, first-served basis.  What
makes the toasty home' scheme unique is that it is open to households which
currently use oil, LPG, Economy 7, solid fuel or those with no heating system.

New this year, an additional £715,000 worth of grants has been allocated to
qualifying homes under the Toasty Homes Plus scheme. Toasty Homes Plus offers
qualifying households a free natural gas heating system conversion and up to
£800 to help insulate their home.

Given that almost a quarter of heat is lost through the roof of an un-insulated
home1, the toasty homes' scheme, which can also includes insulation, will allow
householders in Antrim to ensure their homes are as energy-efficient as
possible.

Customers who secure a toasty homes' grant will receive financial support to
install a high efficiency natural gas boiler which will help reduce household
fuel bills and reduce CO2 emissions2.

Adding the savings from more efficient boilers, proper controls and the lower
cost of natural gas can create huge savings.  firmus energy natural gas prices
continue to be the lowest of any domestic gas supplier in Northern Ireland3.
Natural gas from firmus energy remains one of the lowest cost heating fuels for
your home.

Shelly Burns, firmus energy, helped to launch the toasty homes' scheme with the
Mayor of Antrim, Paul Michael.  Shelly said:  "We're delighted to announce that
even more toasty homes' grants are available this year.  It's a fantastic scheme
as the criteria allow us to reach out to those households that may miss out on
other benefit schemes.  Switching to natural gas from firmus energy makes common
sense as it just takes one quick phone call to take advantage of a more
versatile and environmentally friendly fuel.

"Our existing customers in Antrim love the fact that they will never run out' of
fuel and have a constant, instant supply of hot water. Those who qualify for
toasty homes will also enjoy these benefits and as there is no need for an oil
tank or hot water cylinder, people who switch to natural gas can also have extra
space in their gardens or could even splash out' on a new shower unit inside!

"We also offer homes the option of paying for their gas using our pay-as-you-go'
firmus energy smart card, which makes it easier to budget and means one less
bill for householders to worry about.  So, there has never been a better time
for people to make the switch to natural gas from firmus energy."

Mayor of Antrim, Paul Michael commented on the scheme: "I am very pleased to
support firmus energy at the launch of this year's toasty homes' scheme.  The
cost-saving benefits to people living in Antrim are two-fold; initially the
substantial discount off the installation but equally importantly, the
significant savings on fuel bills gained by installing a highly efficient
heating system and by insulating the home. I would encourage anyone interested
in making their home a toasty home' to apply for a grant sooner rather than
later, as there are a limited number of grants available.

To qualify for the toasty homes' scheme, people must: Own their own home or live
in privately rented accommodation; Currently use LPG, oil, Economy 7, solid fuel
or have no central heating; Live along the firmus energy natural gas network in
Antrim; Be single with an income/pension of up to £24K gross per annum; OR
couple (with/without children) /single parent family with income/pension up to
£35K gross per annum.

If you would like to find out if you are eligible or you want to turn your home
into a toasty home' simply contact firmus energy on 08456 08 00 88.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INAT


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              103 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Jamestown Sun (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 5, 2010 Saturday

Rural water unit to expand

BYLINE: Keith Norman, The Jamestown Sun, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 769 words


Jun. 5--A small part of a large-scale expansion to Stutsman Rural Water is
scheduled for later this summer, according to Geneva Kaiser, system manager.

"The engineer is still working on the design," Kaiser said. "But the project
should be advertised for bids soon with construction to take place late this
summer or fall."

The project includes about 17 miles of new pipe and will serve at least 55
additional households with more still being added to the roster. The project is
estimated at $1.2 million with about $400,000 funded by a State and Tribal
Assistance Grant program through the Environmental Protection Agency and the
rest financed through USDA Rural Development.

Kaiser said the project will include a couple of miles of pipe near Carrington
that will supply water treated by the Carrington water treatment plant being
constructed this summer to rural residents in the Pingree, N.D., area.

The rest of the project will start about 2 miles south of the Woodbury
interchange of Interstate 94 and proceed north along the U.S. Highway 281 bypass
and then continue farther north.

That portion of the project also includes service as a backup to the new
Jamestown Regional Medical Center.

Water for the new services, and SRW's existing service area, comes from a well
field and water treatment plant south of Spiritwood. This is supplemented by
water from the Carrington city water treatment plant in the northern part of the
county and from a contract with the city of Jamestown that allows rural water to
draw up to 200,000 gallons per day from up to two locations. Currently SRW is
only using one of those locations. It pays the same water rate as residents of
Jamestown plus a $3,000 annual connection fee.

"The contract with the city allows us to supplement when we have high usage,"
Kaiser said. "We are utilizing it now because farmers are using a lot of water
to fill sprayers."

The need to draw water from the Jamestown system has put Stutsman Rural Water at
odds with Jamestown Mayor Clarice Liechty.

"I'm opposed to selling water at the same rate city residents pay," Liechty
said. "If we can make some money from the process and if we have extra capacity
it might be something we look at."

But Liechty also sees another problem with furnishing water to services outside
city limits.

"I have a sense we should not be selling water to areas close to the city
because then there is no incentive for the people to be annexed into the city,"
she said.

Kaiser disagrees with this concept.

"People who are planning to build outside of town check with us if rural water
is available but often drill a well if it isn't," she said. "The people that
want to live outside of town will do so if there is rural water or not."

She also sees the water project as community building.

"These people who live outside Jamestown all come to town to shop and work," she
said. "The city of Carrington sees the value of working with the rural
community. The more water they sell the quicker they get the treatment plant
paid for."

Kaiser said grant and financing agencies are also looking for the efficiency of
shared water treatment plants when assessing projects.

Future planned expansion will probably include more water from municipal
treatment plants.

"The overall expansion plan includes about 550 miles of pipe and would cost
about $18 million," Kaiser said. "This would take water to the Woodworth and
Streeter areas and some smaller areas. The water for the Woodworth area would
come from Carrington."

The project would bring rural water to the 550 households who have paid a
membership deposit and expressed interest in connecting when construction
begins, Kaiser said.

The new expansion plan would increase the miles of pipe and the households
served by SRW by about 50 percent. Currently rural water delivers about 100
million gallons of water per year to 1,226 households through 1,100 miles of
pipe.

"We need the grant funds," she said. "Grants of 50 to 75 percent are normal for
these types of projects. It would be split into phases over 3 to 4 years after
it starts but without the grant funds we can't start."

Sun reporter Keith Norman can be reached at (701) 952-8452 or by e-mail at
knorman@jamestownsun.com

To see more of The Jamestown Sun, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.jamestownsun.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Jamestown Sun, N.D.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100605-QJ-Rural-water-unit-to-expand-0605

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QJ


                        Copyright 2010 The Jamestown Sun


                              104 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                             July 26, 2008 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Pulling the plug; From windmills to solar panels on the roof, living off grid
takes careful planning and often deep pockets. But the payoffs can be
staggering.

BYLINE: Patrick Langston, The Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: HOMES; Pg. I4

LENGTH: 690  words


Looking to wean yourself off the grid? The savings -- to you and the planet --
can be astronomical. Here's how: Start by calculating how much energy your home
is consuming and what you can save by changing your habits and retrofitting your
home. Online aids, like Natural Resources Canada's home heating calculator
(www.canren.gc.ca) and Hydro One's PowerSaver Plus for Residential Customers
(www.hydroonenetworks.com), are invaluable.

The next step is to calculate the return on investment of generating your own
energy, beginning with the simplest technologies and those that give the biggest
immediate bang for the buck.

Remember that once you opt for generating your own energy, you'll need an energy
audit to qualify for federal EcoENERGY and matching provincial grants; your
system supplier will provide audit and grant details.

A DRAIN WATER HEAT RECOVERY SYSTEM

Like RenewABILITY Energy Inc.'s Power-Pipe (www.renewability.com), it uses heat
from shower, dishwasher and other household waste water to warm cold water
before it enters your hot water heater. Hot waste water passes down an interior
copper pipe around which cold water tubing is wrapped, warming the fresh water
to roughly 25 C from 10 C. There is no contact between waste and fresh water.

Installed cost: $600 to $1,200

Approximate savings: $200 a year

Government rebates: Up to $260

Sources: Sears Canada Home Services for installation; Home Depot
(www.homedepot.ca) for DIYs.

A SOLAR HOT AIR SYSTEM

It consists of wall-mounted solar panels that warm the cooler air from the floor
level of your house and return it via a vent mounted a couple of feet below the
ceiling. Thermostat-controlled systems, like SolarSheet (www.yoursolarhome.com),
use a solar-powered fan to move the air through the panels.

Installed cost: from $2,500

Approximate savings: Up to 15 per cent of annual heating costs

Government rebates: None

Sources: Isolara Energy Services Inc. (www.isolara.com) and Krumpers Solar
Solutions (www.krumperssolarsolutions.ca), Ottawa

SOLAR HOT WATER SYSTEM

Increasingly popular, it consists of solar panels or tubes, usually mounted on
the roof, a pump, a heat exchanger and a holding tank. The system pumps a
liquid, such as glycol, through a closed loop to the panels or tubes, where it
is heated by the sun's energy, before returning to the basement where it
transfers its heat to household water. Popular systems include EnerWorks
(www.enerworks.com). Solar heating is especially well suited to swimming pools.

Installed cost: from $6,000

Approximate savings: Up to 60 per cent of annual hot water heating costs, which
range from $400 to $600 in Ontario.

Government rebates: $1,300 plus

Sources: Isolara and Krumpers

WINDMILLS

Suitable for rural properties, they are great in high-wind areas. They supply
power, via an inverter, to a battery bank that then feeds the household energy
needs. Windmills can be a supplemental energy source or part of a varied
off-grid strategy.

Installed cost: $15,000 plus

Approximate savings: Up to 30 per cent of household electricity; payback is a
relatively long 12 to 15 years.

Government

rebates: None

Sources: Rideau Home Hardware Building Centre (www.rideaulumber.com), Smiths
Falls

SOLAR ELECTRICITY GENERATION

It is, for now, within reach of only the well-heeled. Full-scale systems are
very expensive while smaller ones, like windmills, usually require backup energy
sources. They are, however, ideal for isolated sites where energy needs are
minimal and hydro hookup prohibitively expensive.

Installed cost: $35,000 plus

Approximate savings: As much as 100 per cent

Government rebates: None

Sources: Ottawa Solar Power (www.ottawasolarpower.com)

OTHER OFF-GRID PRODUCTS

- Wood stoves. Modern stoves provide comfy heat with reduced emissions. If you
don't have a source of free, high-quality wood, be prepared to pay roughly
$1,100 a year to heat a 2,000-square-foot home.

- Pellet stoves. They need a small amount of electricity to operate and are
noisy, but these little beauties burn compressed wood pellets, throwing lots of
heat and producing minimal emissions.

A good stove will keep an 1,800-square-foot home comfortable for about $1,500 a
year.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: (Windmills) ;
Colour Photo: Chris Mikula, The Ottawa Citizen; Peter Glover of Isolara inspects
a solar hot water panel mounted on the roof of a house off Main Street. These
panels can reduce annual hot water heating costs by up to 60 per cent. ;
Colour Photo: Reuters; Compressed wood pellets produce lots of heat, but minimal
emissions. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2008 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              105 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 27, 2009 Tuesday

Funding comes through for Wiley Ford water system

BYLINE: Sarah Moses, Cumberland Times News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 445 words


Jan. 27--KEYSER, W.Va. -- Mineral County has received $1.3 million in Small
Cities Community Development Block Grants to fund the Wiley Ford water system
upgrade.

"This will be a major step forward for Wiley Ford and the northern part of the
county," Wayne Spiggle, commission president, said. "So this will bring
stability to this community. Wiley Ford also has an associated problem with
their roadways, and I wish this grant was going to address that issue, but we
will continue to pay attention to that problem and hopefully someday have a
granting process to remedy their roadway situation. For now, however, water is a
major concern and I think the governor and others need to be thanked for looking
our way."

The $5.5 million project included the purchase of the water company, which Mike
Bland, county coordinator, said has already been done by the Frankfort Public
Service District.

The project will involve upgrading and replacement of a majority of the lines,
Bland said. He added that it will include the replacement of the water storage
tank.

This project will serve 416 homes.

The $1.3 million was part of more than $17 million distributed by Gov. Joe
Manchin this month for 33 projects across the state.

Morgan County was awarded $200,000 for the town of Paw Paw's upgrade to its
sewer system. The $2-million project will benefit 174 households.

Pendleton County received $1.3 million to extend water service to 87 additional
households in the Kline-Mozer area.

"Small Cities Block Grant funds play an important part toward improving the
conditions of our counties and towns throughout the state," Manchin said in a
release. "I believe that continuous infrastructure improvement is essential to
our state's growth. I applaud the strong commitment that our state, county and
local community leaders have shown by getting behind these projects. If we
continue to take care of fundamentals regarding the state's infrastructure, our
citizens will have an opportunity to live a better quality of life."

The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development provides Small City Block
Grant funding to the state. The Community Development Division of the West
Virginia Development Office manages these funds.

Contact Sarah Moses at smoses@times-news.com

To see more of the Cumberland Times News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.times-news.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Cumberland Times News, Md.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090127-UM-Funding-comes-through-for-Wiley-Ford-water-system-0127

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                                 Copyright 2009


                              106 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   Irish News

                             July 25, 2006 Tuesday

Homeowners see green over new £8m grant

BYLINE: Maeve Connolly

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 633 words


From 2008 all new homes, company and public buildings will have to use renewable
energy systems such as solar panels, small wind turbines or wood-fuelled
boilers.

Secretary of State Peter Hain made the announcement yesterday and revealed that
he has installed photovoltaic panels on the roof of his home in Wales cutting
his energy bills in half.

Householders are being encouraged to make their homes greener with an £8 million
grants programme which the government hopes will allow 4,000 more properties to
install renewable energy systems in the next two years.

The Household Programme provides grants of up to 50 per cent for the
installation of solar panels (which provide hot water), photovoltaic panels and
small wind turbines (both generate electricity), geothermal heat pumps (for
heating) and biomass boilers (for heating and hot water).

Low income families in private housing and those living in Housing Executive
properties are also to benefit.

In September the Department of Social Development will begin to install solar
hot water systems for 500 low-income families and in 600 Housing Executive
properties.

Meanwhile, the Construction Employers' Federation has raised concern about the
impact on first-time house buyers when it will be mandatory to use renewable
energy systems in 2008.

The federation claimed the plans to make new homes more energy efficient could
add to the cost of properties.

Mr Hain said changes will come into effect in November and "result in a 40 per
cent reduction in emission and set onerous targets to encourage the use of
renewables".

"Planned amendments to the Building Regulations will make micro-generation
mandatory in new builds from April 2008," he said.

The grants are part of a £59 million Environment and Renewable Energy Fund
announced in February.

Four hundred Northern Ireland households have installed green technology in the
past five years.

Although grants of between 40 and 50 per cent are available there is still a
significant cost to introducing these technologies.

For example, there is a standard grant of £1,125 (up to a maximum of 50 per
cent) towards solar panels but an average panel costs between £2,000 and £2,500.

Declan Allison from campaign group Friends of the Earth welcomed the initiative
which he said would go some way in combating climate change.

"It's good news, particularly the combination of £8 million grants for the
Household Programme and the improvements to Building Regulation.

"I'd like to see the details and targets. There are other examples in the UK of
good practice and we would like to see how they compare but it is definitely an
important step and we support it absolutely."

TYPES OF GRANT AVAILABLE

There is a fixed grant available for a number of technologies:

- solar panels: £1,125 regardless of the size or number of panels (up to a
maximum of 50 per cent)

- ground/water source heat pumps: £3,000 (40 per cent limit)

- Air source heat pumps: £2,400 (40 per cent limit)

- pellet stoves/room heater: £1,500 (50 per cent limit)

- wood fuelled boiler system: £3,250 (50 per cent limit)

- wind turbines: £2,000 per kW up to a maximum of £8,000 (50 per cent limit)

- small hydro: £2,000 per kW up to a maximum of £8,000 (50 per cent limit)

- solar photovoltaics: £3,000 per kWp up to a maximum of £15,000 (50 per cent
limit).

WHAT'S ON OFFER

- solar water heating panels - involves installing a panel (usually on the roof)
and twin-coil hot water cylinder

- solar photovoltaic panels - they provide electricity and are also installed on
the roof

- heat pumps - these collect heat from one source and transfer it to another,
typically underfloor heating

- wind turbines - are a source of electricity

- wood-fuelled boilers or wood pellet stoves

- hydroelectric turbines - these small-scale turbines generate electricity from
flowing water.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 The Irish News Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              107 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            August 27, 2013 Tuesday

Hermon residents weigh in on water, sewer expansion proposals

BYLINE: Dawn Gagnon BDN Staff

LENGTH: 661 words


HERMON, Maine -- Residents and business owners had an opportunity last week to
ask questions and weigh in on a $5.7 million proposal to extend public water and
sewer service into the village center.


The proposal to expand sewer service is driven, in part, by the fact that the
septic systems at Hermon High School and Hermon Middle School are aging and
eventually will need to be replaced or upgraded at the town's expense.


The water service expansion would solve the problem of hard water that has
required homeowners and businesses to install expensive softening systems.


The owner of the local Dunkin Donuts franchise said during a public meeting last
Thursday that he has had to install $20,000 water treatment systems twice since
he set up shop along Route 2 a few years ago. Other businesses affected by the
quality of water in the area include a dental practice and a pizzeria and
sandwich maker, according to town officials.


If the plan to expand public water and sewer sounds familiar to residents, that
is because it was considered in 2007, Town Manager Roger Raymond said during the
meeting. Local officials, however, opted not to pursue the work at the time
because of the cost to local taxpayers, he said, adding that much has changed
since then.


"The original cost seven years ago, or in 2007, was about $6.3 million," Raymond
said. He said, however, that the town was able to reduce the project budget by
scaling back the length of the extension by 800 or 900 hundred feet, which
allowed for the elimination of a pump station, by changing the design from the
original pressurized system to a traditional one.


Another key change from the original plan is how it would be funded, Raymond
said. The 2007 proposal called for paying for the utility work with a general
obligation bond that would be repaid with local tax dollars.


"I suggested to the council that we change that philosophy, that we look at
seeking federal and state grants to help us finance the project," he said.


To that end, if residents are interested in pursuing the expansion, town
officials will apply for a combination of USDA Rural Development and Community
Development Block Grant grants to cover the project's cost, Raymond told the
more than 20 residents and businesspeople who attended the meeting. He said that
low- to moderate-income households would be eligible for assistance with hookup
costs.


Hermon initially wasn't eligible for the grant money, Raymond said. He said,
however, that he was able to convince the Maine Department of Economic and
Community Development and USDA's Rural Development to allow the town to conduct
an income survey in the project's target area. The survey determined that more
than 69 percent of the households in the target area met the income guidelines,
which qualified the town for the assistance.


"Now I'm not telling you here today that I guarantee you're going to get these
dollars but I can tell you that over my career, I've done tons of these projects
and I have been able to get [grant] money for all of them," he said.


Raymond said the next step town officials will take with regard to the water and
sewer project will be to send letters to all of the property owners in the
target area asking them to say whether they want the project or not.


"I'm going to do everything I can to get everybody's opinion. The problem is
when you do a utility project like that you're never going to find everybody in
support. Never. But I want to make sure that we at least get to hear what the
concerns are, so that if it's something we can address, we will be able to try
to address it," he said.


"If it's something we can't address, I'm going to go to the [Town] Council and
if they determine that those concerns are legitimate and that's what the
majority of the people want, my recommendation will be to not move forward," he
said.


An informal poll showed that residents who attended were more supportive of
extending the water system than the sewer system.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Bangor Daily News


                              108 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                 The Foothills Sun-Gazette (Exeter, California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 15, 2014

Grant may help Plainview break septic slump;
Tulare County Supervisors take first step toward building a public sewer system
for small, rural town

BYLINE: The Foothills Sun-Gazette staff

LENGTH: 711  words


A rural hamlet with a history of sewer and water problems will be getting some
much needed help this year.

Last month, the Tulare County Board of Supervisors awarded a contract for
planning, environmental reporting and engineering with Provost & Pritchard for a
waste water system in Plainview, a community of about 1,000 residents east of
Strathmore. The staff report prepared by the County's Resource Management Agency
(RMA) stated the average lot size of Plain-view's 200 homes was only 7,000
square feet, too small to support good septic tank leaching, especially in homes
where the average household is nearly five people. The report also stated
Plainview homes had aging septic systems with a high rate of failure and that
frequent pumping is required to keep the individual septic systems functioning.

Septic tank pumping can cost more than $300 each time, creating a significant
financial burden for a community with a median household income of about
$16,000. Paul Boyer, a community development specialist with Self Help
Enterprises, said not all of the septic systems are failing but they are
expensive to maintain and difficult to replace. In a 2010-11 survey conducted by
Self Help Enterprises, 20% of Plainview residents reported having problem with
their septic systems.

Boyer, who has worked for Self Help for 36 years, said septic tanks can leak
causing environmental damage to the soil and possibly the ground water table. He
said the community has tried for years to clean up its sewer and water problems
but the recent action by the Board of Super- visors is the first time there has
been any money to work on a solution. With the assistance of Self Help, Boyer
said the County applied for and received a grant from the Clean Water State
Revolving Fund Small Community Grant in September 2012. The grant provided
$423,000 to analyze the wastewater treatment needs of the community, identify
potential solutions, analyze alternatives, recommend a preferred alternative and
develop a preliminary cost estimate for the project.

"The proposed grant with its planning activities will take the necessary first
steps toward developing a wastewater collection and treatment system for
Plainview residents, which will improve public health and welfare and further
continued improvement of a suitable living environment and promote a quality
standard of living," RMA stated in its staff report.

In order to provide a public sewer system, Boyer said the proposal will likely
include

Plainview connecting to the Strathmore Public Utilities District or having the
community form its own Community Services District. In Self Help's 2010-11
study, 74% of Plainview residents indicated a desire for a public sewer system.

Boyer said a public system would allow Plainview to combine its sewer and water
into a common, tax-funded district. The community's residents would own the
facilities and taxes collected from property owners would fund needed
improvements. Water has also been a huge issue in Plainview. The Plainview Mutal
Water Company recently purchased a well on the west side of the community Only
to find it was high in nitrates. Unfortunately, Plainview's current water well
was already contaminated by nitrates.

Nitrates are known to cause 'blue baby' syndrome. If absorbed by a growing
fetus, nitrates can be converted to nitrite, a natural inhibitor to the flow of
oxygen in the blood stream. The chemical reaction causes shortness of breath and
blueness of the skin. Life-long exposure for adults can cause spleen
hemorrhaging. A Community Services District might generate enough funds to drill
wells further away from the community which is drowning in nitrate
contamination. Boyer said just last month, the State Department of Health began
paying for bottled water in Plainview for the next three years while the
community looks at options to provide its residents with clean drinking water.

The least likely option would be for the County to build and manage another Zone
of Benefit for Plainview, similar to the water and sewer systems in Tonyville,
Tooleville and El Rancho. Those publicly-run systems have cost the County
hundreds of the thousands of dollars to subsidize even charging some of the
County's poorest residents the highest utility rates.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FSG

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2014 The Foothills Sun-Gazette


                              109 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                        The Hinton News (West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 2, 2013

$345,000 USDA Grant for Big Bend PSD Water and Wastewater Infrastructure

BYLINE: The Hinton News staff

LENGTH: 451  words


U.S. Rep. Nick Rahall, along with Senators Jay Rockefeller and Joe Manchin (all
D-W.Va.), Tuesday announced a $345,000 federal grant from USDA Rural Development
has been awarded to Big Bend Public Service District to complete the Wiggins and
Browning water extension project in Summers County.

"I have long supported federal investments in cleaner drinking water and modern
wastewater management systems in communities throughout southern West Virginia,"
said Rahall, top Democrat ' on the House Transportation and Infrastructure
Committee. "These kinds of improvements create jobs during the construction
phase, leverage dollars in private-sector investment, and help to ensure a solid
foundation for business development."

"Reliable access to clean drinking water and modern wastewater services is
critical to the overall health and economic success of our communities," said
Rockefeller. "This funding will help modernize Big Bend Public Service
District's facilities so they can better serve families and businesses in
Summers County."

"All West Virginians should have access to the basic necessities of life,
especially clean water," Manchin said. "These commonsense infrastructure
projects are not only incredibly important to the health of our families and our
communities, but they are smart investments that attract business and drive
economic development. I am pleased that this federal grant will help Summers
County complete critical upgrades for Big Bend Public Service District's water
treatment and distribution system."

This USDA grant is in addition to $1.8 million in Rural Development funding
obligated in 2009 from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA) to
complete the nearly $2.8 million Wiggins and Browning water extension project
that will provide service to approximately 74 additional households and
businesses within the communities of Wiggins, Browning, and areas along West
Virginia Route 3. Customers in these areas currently rely on wells and springs
as their only source of water, which are unreliable during periods of drought
and, in the areas adjacent to the Greenbrier River, are susceptible to
contamination during flooding. Construction consists of the installation of
various size waterlines, a new water storage tank, and upgrades to the existing
treatment plant to increase the daily production rate by 1.5 hours.

Big Bend PSD provides public water service to approximately 480 households and
small businesses in the communities of Talcott, Hilldale, Pence Springs, and the
Willowood Road areas. Including the Big Bend PSD project, Rural Development has
invested loans and grants of $3 million for water and wastewater infrastructure
projects in Summers County.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HIN

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2013 The Hinton News


                              110 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            July 27, 2016 Wednesday

Pipes to be replaced despite unpaid bills

BYLINE: Olivia Kelly

SECTION: IRELAND; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 566 words


Homeowners who have not paid their Irish Water bills will have the lead pipes
leading to their properties replaced, the company has confirmed.

Irish Water is to spend about EUR 370 million over the next 10 years replacing
lead pipes leading to about 180,000 homes.

In about 40,000 of these houses, the lead pipes are "shared backyard" services
on the homeowners' properties.

To date, Irish Water has collected EUR 162 million in household water charges -
less than half of what it is owed.

During the last billing period, from January to March, revenue dropped by more
than 45 per cent to EUR 18.3 million, as households reacted to a Government
decision to suspend domestic water charges for nine months from July.

During this period, while the exchequer will finance the shortfall in revenue,
customers will remain liable for any outstanding balances on their bills.
However, a spokeswoman for Irish Water said "no link is being made between the
replacement of pipes and the payment of bills".

Responsibility

 The company plans to replace the lead service connections to the boundary of
180,000 homes by 2026.

Of these homes, about 40,000 are supplied from shared backyard lead pipes,
typically in estates built in Dublin from the 1940s to the 1960s, and Irish
Water has agreed to also replace these pipes. However, lead pipes inside the
home - and pipes in the gardens of the 140,000 houses not on shared backyard
pipes - will be the responsibilty of the householder to replace.

While owners of houses built before 1980 - when lead was commonly used for water
pipes - are advised to have their pipes checked for lead, they are not legally
required to replace them. However, Irish Water is operating an "opt-in" system,
whereby householders who can verify that they have had their internal pipes
replaced will be prioritised for pipe replacement of the public service
connection leading to their county boundary.

The Department of the Environment last year established a grant scheme to assist
lower-income households to replace lead pipes.

Income

 Households with an income of EUR 50,000, or under, will be entitled to a grant
of up to EUR 4,000, while those with an income between EUR 50,000 and EUR 75,000
will be entitled to receive a grant of EUR 2,500. This is based on an estimated
overall price of EUR 5,000 for pipe replacement.

However, due to the length of time full pipe replacement is likely to take,
Irish Water plans to add the chemical orthophosphate at water treatment plants
which reduces the amount of lead that can enter the system. The mitigation plan
and associated environmental reports are at water.ie/lead.

Orthophosphate What is it?

Orthophosphate forms a protective film around the inside of a pipe providing a
barrier between the water and the lead, and is described by Irish Water as a
"food grade product and is a clear, odourless liquid which is very common in the
beverage industry".

Irish Water had planned to use Limerick city's water supply as a pilot programme
for the use of orthophosphate from last September. The plan was met with
opposition from some councillors and a protest was staged by the Right2Water
campaign last August.

The company has postponed the introduction of orthophosphate until after the
public consultation period.

However, a spokeswoman said Limerick's water supply is still likely to be the
first to receive the treatment from October this year.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              111 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             June 28, 2003 Saturday

Local/area briefs; Loras College receives grants

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald Staff

SECTION: Pg. a3

LENGTH: 580 words


The Iowa College Foundation has named Loras College as the recipient of four
student/faculty research grants provided through the R.J. McElroy Trust and the
Maytag Corporation.

* Loras senior Joshua Buzzell and assistant professor of biology David Schealer
received a $$ @1,700 grant from the McElroy Trust to explore the use of
artificial nests to improve breeding success in a declining black tern
population in Wisconsin.

* Senior Jonas Meyer and associate professor of physics and engineering Kenneth
McLaughlin received a $$ @2,000 grant from the Maytag Corporation to explore
energy and angular momentum partitioning between electrons during multi-electron
excitations.

* Junior Arthur Bradford and assistant professor of physics and engineering Todd
Swift received a $$ @2,000 grant from the Maytag Corporation to perform a site
survey, system design and installation of a microhydro renewable energy source.

* Senior John Brosius and Swift received a $$ @2,000 grant from the Maytag
Corporation to study a wind turbine renewable energy system.

Elkader council OKs number of pay raises

ELKADER, Iowa - Elkader City Council members recently approved a number of pay
increases.

Police Chief Marvin Duff's wages will go from $$ @14.07 to $$ @15.40 per hour,
while police officer Paul Bazyn will go from $$ @13.32 to $$ @14.65 an hour.
Other police department members include Jerry Moser, whose salary goes from $$
@11.50 to $$ @12.65, and Steve Doeppke, who goes from $$ @10 to $$ @10.25 per
hour.

In the Street Department, Jerry Gamm will go from $$ @14 to $$ @15.40, Loren
Amsden, $$ @11.41 to $$ @12.55, and Robert Hansel, $$ @10 to $$ @11.25. City
Manager Greg Crocker's salary will remain at $$ @34 per hour.

Fennimore water rates will increase

FENNIMORE, Wis. - Water users in Fennimore can expect to see their bills
increase. A household could soon be paying as much as 20 percent more.

Average water bills are currently in the $$ @20 to $$ @25 range. But, they might
be rising by up to $$ @5 a month because more revenue is needed for the water
utility.

The State Public Service Commission is expected to review Fennimore's water rate
increase application. If the commission gives approval, the hike could take
effect later this year. The last time Fennimore's water rates went up was in
2000.

Luther Manor slates collection project

Luther Manor Retirement Center's staff, residents and family, in conjunction
with the Lutheran churches of Dubuque, are collecting goods to send to men and
women who are currently serving in the military overseas.

The collection process will continue through Tuesday. The residents of the
nursing home will package the donated items Wednesday. Donations can be dropped
off at Luther Manor from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Friday or 8:30 a.m. to
noon today.

For more information, contact Pam Pfiffner at 563/588-1413.

Backbone Lake swim advisory lifted

DES MOINES - The health of Backbone Lake in Delaware County is improving. The
Iowa Department of Natural Resources Friday lifted the swimming advisory imposed
earlier this month.

This is the first week that the beach has been open, with no swimming advisory,
since late April.  Extensive monitoring by the department indicated that runoff
from rainfall might have had a significant impact on the beach at Backbone
earlier this spring.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2003 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              112 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             August 16, 2015 Sunday

USDA Rural Development invests $815,700 in rural, tribal Main communities

LENGTH: 577 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


- USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel has announced an
investment of $815,700 for projects that will provide important benefits in
Maine's rural communities.


USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel said, "This funding will
invest in vital community infrastructure, helping the Aroostook Band of Micmacs
build a community center that will serve many functions key to the health and
well-being of their community, and the Southern Aroostook Agricultural Museum
continue to provide education about farming and the land. In addition, funds
will help the communities of Dexter, Limestone and Danforth to be sustainable
through planning for future water system needs."


The Aroostook Band of Micmacs has been selected to receive $545,000 through a
Community Facilities Direct Loan to construct a community building. The facility
will be a multi-purpose building that will be used for various educational,
youth, elder, health and wellness, and cultural programs such as Youth programs,
a Boys and Girls program, Head Start, Elders program and other health, community
and cultural activities.


The Limestone Water and Sewer District will receive $24,000 through a Special
Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households (SEARCH) Grant to
analyze a water storage and distribution system to determine needed upgrades for
the future. This analysis will provide information and options that will enable
the District to meet the community's water needs in the future. The District
currently serves approximately 275 households and 32 business and public
facilities.


The Danforth Water District has been selected to receive $10,000 through a
SEARCH Grant to analyze the water storage and distribution system to determine
needed upgrades. This analysis will provide information and options that will
enable the District to meet the community's water needs in the future. The
District currently serves approximately 115 households and 14 businesses and
public facilities.


The Southern Aroostook Agricultural Museum will get $11,200 through a Community
Facility Grant to construct an addition to the museum's display facility.
Southern Aroostook Agricultural Museum was established as a non-profit
organization in 2002 in Littleton, Maine to preserve artifacts of the
agricultural way of life in Aroostook County. The museum collects and displays
to the public, farm equipment, tools and other such items. The museum provides
education about the role farming played in southern Aroostook County, how
farming was conducted, the creativity involved in the management and operation
of farms and what life was like on early farms. The museum's storage/display
facility is now overcrowded with so many artifacts that the viewing and display
of such items is hindered. Rural Development funding will be used to construct
an addition to the museum's storage/ display facility.


USDA Rural Development has Area Offices located in Presque Isle, Bangor,
Lewiston, and Scarborough, as well as a State Office, located in Bangor. There
are 58 employees working to deliver the agency's Housing, Business, and
Community Programs, which are designed to improve the economic stability of
rural communities, businesses, residents, and farmers, and improve the quality
of life in rural Maine. Further information on rural programs is available at a
local USDA Rural Development office or by visiting USDA Rural Development's web
site at http://www.rd.usda.gov/me .

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                              113 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             August 16, 2015 Sunday

USDA Rural Development invests $815,700 in rural, tribal Main communities

LENGTH: 577 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


- USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel has announced an
investment of $815,700 for projects that will provide important benefits in
Maine's rural communities.


USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel said, "This funding will
invest in vital community infrastructure, helping the Aroostook Band of Micmacs
build a community center that will serve many functions key to the health and
well-being of their community, and the Southern Aroostook Agricultural Museum
continue to provide education about farming and the land. In addition, funds
will help the communities of Dexter, Limestone and Danforth to be sustainable
through planning for future water system needs."


The Aroostook Band of Micmacs has been selected to receive $545,000 through a
Community Facilities Direct Loan to construct a community building. The facility
will be a multi-purpose building that will be used for various educational,
youth, elder, health and wellness, and cultural programs such as Youth programs,
a Boys and Girls program, Head Start, Elders program and other health, community
and cultural activities.


The Limestone Water and Sewer District will receive $24,000 through a Special
Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households (SEARCH) Grant to
analyze a water storage and distribution system to determine needed upgrades for
the future. This analysis will provide information and options that will enable
the District to meet the community's water needs in the future. The District
currently serves approximately 275 households and 32 business and public
facilities.


The Danforth Water District has been selected to receive $10,000 through a
SEARCH Grant to analyze the water storage and distribution system to determine
needed upgrades. This analysis will provide information and options that will
enable the District to meet the community's water needs in the future. The
District currently serves approximately 115 households and 14 businesses and
public facilities.


The Southern Aroostook Agricultural Museum will get $11,200 through a Community
Facility Grant to construct an addition to the museum's display facility.
Southern Aroostook Agricultural Museum was established as a non-profit
organization in 2002 in Littleton, Maine to preserve artifacts of the
agricultural way of life in Aroostook County. The museum collects and displays
to the public, farm equipment, tools and other such items. The museum provides
education about the role farming played in southern Aroostook County, how
farming was conducted, the creativity involved in the management and operation
of farms and what life was like on early farms. The museum's storage/display
facility is now overcrowded with so many artifacts that the viewing and display
of such items is hindered. Rural Development funding will be used to construct
an addition to the museum's storage/ display facility.


USDA Rural Development has Area Offices located in Presque Isle, Bangor,
Lewiston, and Scarborough, as well as a State Office, located in Bangor. There
are 58 employees working to deliver the agency's Housing, Business, and
Community Programs, which are designed to improve the economic stability of
rural communities, businesses, residents, and farmers, and improve the quality
of life in rural Maine. Further information on rural programs is available at a
local USDA Rural Development office or by visiting USDA Rural Development's web
site at http://www.rd.usda.gov/me .

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                              114 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           September 3, 2011 Saturday

Indonesia: Water and Sanitation Project across Indonesia

LENGTH: 102  words


Contribution: $25 million
Aim: increase investment in better urban water and sanitation systems
These grants aim to increase household and community water and sewerage
connections across Indonesia by helping local governments boost their investment
in improving water and sanitation infrastructure. This will lead to better
access to safer and metered water for approximately 420,000 people in over
60,000 low-income households. Grants will also be given to several local
governments to support their increased investment in household sewerage
connections and improved sanitation planning.

country :Indonesia
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              115 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                            June 10, 2015 Wednesday

Ireland announces strategy to eliminate lead contamination in drinking water

SECTION: WATER SUPPLY; Regulatory and Policy

LENGTH: 348 words



HIGHLIGHT: Environment ministry in Ireland has announced a national strategy to
reduce lead contamination after Irish Water said that about 200,000 households
are at risk due to lead water pipes at their homes.


Environment ministry in Ireland has announced a national strategy to reduce lead
contamination after Irish Water said that about 200,000 households are at risk
due to lead water pipes at their homes.

Ireland Environment Minister Alan Kelly said: "The Strategy was prepared by my
Department in consultation with the Department of Health, Irish Water, the HSE
and the EPA, in order to map the scale of the problem and identify measures to
mitigate any risks to human health posed by lead in drinking water. "

The situation, now identified as 'public health risk', was confirmed by the
water utility which indicated through its metering programme that the houses
constructed before 1970s are more likely to have lead pipes.

Data received through Irish Water's national domestic metering programme
revealed that around 650 homes in Limerick are equipped with possible lead pipe
connections.

While the national utility is in charge of the underground pipes to the outer
edge of the boundary of a property, the homeowners are responsible for the pipes
and plumbing inside the building premises.

Irish Water Asset Management head Jerry Grant said: "The drinking water produced
in Irish Water's treatment plants and supplied through the public water mains
meets the requirements of the Drinking Water Regulations with regard to lead.

"Following the roll out of the metering programme we have indicators which show
that there are lead connections into homes. For this reason we're urging
homeowners to check their pipes and take remedial action if required."

Presence of lead in potable water is a major health concern. Regular intake of
the element, even in small amounts, can affect individual health, especially
that of babies in the womb, infants and young children.

Permissible limit of lead consumption in the country is 10 microgrammes per
litre (10ug/l).

Besides conducting an extensive awareness campaign, the government is likely to
offer a grant to assist homeowners for replacement of the lead plumbing, pipes
and fittings.

The grant system will, however, be targeted only at low-income households.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              116 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                             August 10, 2008 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Off-the-grid savings worth the effort

BYLINE: Patrick Langston, For the Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: SECOND HOMES; Pg. F6

LENGTH: 592  words


Looking to wean yourself off the grid? The savings -- to you and the planet --
can be astronomical.

Here's how: Start by calculating how much energy your home is consuming and what
you can save by changing your habits and retrofitting your home. Online aids,
like Natural Resources Canada's home heating calculator (www.canren.gc.ca) are
invaluable.

The next step is to calculate the return on investment of generating your own
energy, beginning with the simplest technologies and those that give the biggest
immediate bang for the buck.

Remember that once you opt for generating your own energy, you'll need an energy
audit to qualify for federal EcoENERGY and matching provincial grants; your
system supplier will provide audit and grant details.- A drain-water heat
recovery system

Like RenewABILITY Energy Inc.'s Power-Pipe (www.renewability.com), it uses heat
from shower, dishwasher and other waste water to warm cold water before it
enters your hot water heater. Hot waste water passes down an interior copper
pipe around which cold water tubing is wrapped, warming the fresh water to
roughly 25 C from 10 C. There is no contact between waste and fresh water.

Installed cost: $600 to $1,200

Approximate savings: $200 a year

Government rebates: Up to $260

Sources: Sears Canada Home Services for installation; Home Depot
(www.homedepot.ca) for DIYs.- A solar hot-air system

It consists of wall-mounted solar panels that warm the cooler air from the floor
level of your house and return it via a vent mounted a couple of feet below the
ceiling. Thermostat-controlled systems like SolarSheet (www.yoursolarhome.com)
use a solar-powered fan to move the air through the panels.

Installed cost: from $2,500

Approximate savings: Up to 15 per cent of annual heating costs

Government rebates: None- Solar hot-water system

It consists of solar panels or tubes, usually mounted on the roof, a pump, a
heat exchanger and a holding tank. The system pumps a liquid, such as glycol,
through a closed loop to the panels or tubes, where it is heated by the sun's
energy, before returning to the basement where it transfers its heat to
household water. Popular systems include EnerWorks (www.enerworks.com). Solar
heating is especially well suited to swimming pools.

Installed cost: from $6,000

Approximate savings: Up to 60 per cent of annual hot- water heating costs.

Government rebates: $1,300 plus- Windmills

Suitable for rural properties, they are great in high-wind areas. They supply
power, via an inverter, to a battery bank that feeds household energy needs.
Windmills can be a supplemental energy source or part of a varied off-grid
strategy.

Installed cost: $15,000 plus

Approximate savings: Up to 30 per cent of household electricity; payback is a
relatively long 12 to 15 years.

Government rebates: None- Solar electricity generation

Full-scale systems are very expensive while smaller ones, like windmills,
usually require backup energy sources. They are, however, ideal for isolated
sites where energy needs are minimal and hydro hookup prohibitively expensive.

Installed cost: $35,000 plus

Approximate savings: As much as 100 per cent

Government rebates: None- Other off-grid products

Wood stoves: Modern stoves provide comfy heat with reduced emissions. If you
don't have a source of free, high-quality wood, be prepared to pay roughly
$1,100 a year to heat a 2,000-square-foot home.

Pellet stoves: They need a small amount of electricity to operate and are noisy,
but a good stove will keep an 1,800-square-foot home comfortable for about
$1,500 a year.

Canwest News Service

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Ottawa Citizen, Canwest News Service; Unwilling to pay $20,000 for
hydro hookup, Alain Scott installed a windmill and solar panels to heat and
power his home in Ottawa. A battery pack in his basement stores the energy. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              117 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                   March 06, 2000 Monday, RT. 9 WEST EDITION

Waite-Chapel project gets federal funds

BYLINE: Betty Lilyestrom; CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 629 words

DATELINE: LEICESTER



- The Leicester Water Supply District has been awarded a federal Rural Utilities
Service loan and grant which will substantially reduce the cost of the
Waite-Chapel streets sewer project for residents of the area.

The district received notification last week that the Department of Agriculture
Rural Development program has approved a Rural Utilities Service loan of
$925,000 and an RUS grant of $625,000 for the project now nearing completion.

The project, which affects 70 households on Waite, Chapel and Mulberry streets
and Massasoit and Rural drives, was voted by residents of the area in July,
1998, at a committed price of $25,000 for each household. District
superintendent Frank W. Lyon said the loan and grant will reduce that cost by
approximately $11,000.

FINAL PHASE APPROACHES

Construction began last September and all of the main sewer piping is now in
place. Final phase of the construction, the sewer pump station at Waite and
Chapel Streets, is expected to be completed by the end of May.

Mr. Lyon said residence connections to the sewer line will begin shortly after
the pump station goes on line.

The exact cost to each resident won't be determined until after final
construction bills are received later this month, but commissioners expect it
will be about $14,000 per household. Each household will also be responsible for
the cost of its own connection to the sewer line.

Mr. Lyon said the district expects to close out the loan portion of the award in
time to save additional temporary borrowing costs.

BILLS OUT IN APRIL

Residents should receive their bills, along with payment methods for the project
costs, in April, he said. Appointments will be made to assist residents with
determining their best payment options.

In addition, the district will provide residents with a list of contractors
qualified to make the street-to-house connections.

The federal funding will also cover the district's already completed sewer line
construction on Route 9 between Mannville and Waite streets.

That construction had to be done before Route 9 was resurfaced, so it was done
at district expense before the rest of the project was ready,'' Mr. Lyon said.
That section includes several houses plus Entwistle's Garage, Abbott Floor
Covering and St. Joseph's Church, school and rectory.''

In addition to the 70 households in the Waite-Chapel area, the main project also
includes Archway, a facility for autistic young people, and Nazareth Home for
Boys, both on Mulberry Street.

SIMILAR AID IN PAST

The district has received similar loans and grants in the past to lower
subscriber costs for new sewer construction in the Breezy Green Road-Holcomb
Street and Deer Pond Drive-Winslow Avenue areas.

In every case, the residents have shown a willingness to commit themselves to
the sewer projects,'' Mr. Lyon said.  the projects were ready and under way by
the time the loan and grant applications were being considered by Rural
Development.''

Mr. Lyon said the money for the new award came from previously appropriated
funds that would have gone to other projects that were not yet ready.

The area that will benefit from the current award was previously part of the
Cherry Valley sewer district but was eliminated during a down-sizing of that
district two years ago. Residents then petitioned successfully to have the
Leicester district's boundaries extended to include their area.

Leicester and Cherry Valley are two of four subscriber-owned sewer districts in
the town. The Cherry Valley district's sewer system is still in the planning
stage.

Further information on the loan and grant awards may be obtained by calling the
Leicester district office at (508) 892-8484 weekdays between 9:30 a.m. and 1
p.m.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2000 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              118 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             March 7, 2013 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Local councils to get into hot water

BYLINE: Tender watch Christopher Jay

SECTION: NEWS; Government Business; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 325 words


Local government councils around Australia have been invited to apply for
grants, on a co-funding basis, for installation of solar or heat pump hot water
systems in local government buildings and community facilities.

The news comes from the federal Parliamentary Secretary for Climate Change and
Energy Efficiency, Mark Dreyfus.

"The $24 million Local Government Energy Efficiency Program provides support to
all local councils across Australia to install low pollution, clean energy solar
and heat pump hot water systems," he said.

Solar hot water, which uses energy from the sun's rays to heat water directly
rather than indirectly via electricity generation, is one of the more effective
sustainable energy techniques.

The heated water acts as a storage bank, evening out fluctuations in the amount
of incoming solar radiation with wind, cloud, rain and time of day.

Melbourne-based tenders specialist TenderSearch says applications for grants are
open until April 29. As the LGEEP is a non-competitive grant program, all local
governing authorities are eligible to apply.

Individual grant amounts are affected by socio-economic status and council size,
based on the Australian Classification of Local Governments as issued by the
Department of Infrastructure, Transport, Regional Development and Local
Government.

Councils in low socio-economic areas can ask for additional funding and lower
co-funding amounts.

The LGEEP program is one of five programs bundled in the Low Carbon Communities
initiative.

Of the other four, $200 million supports energy efficiency upgrades to council
and community-use buildings, facilities and lighting.

There is $100 million supporting trials of energy efficiency in low-income
households, plus a corollary $30 million home energy saver scheme for those
households.

The Charities Maritime and Aviation Support program offers a rebate for the
effect of the carbon price on fuel use by groups such as air and sea rescue
services.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              119 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         Enniscorthy Guardian (Ireland)

                                January 15, 2013

February 1 septic tanks deadline

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS

LENGTH: 232 words


IN ADDITION to the property tax, some homeowners are also liable for a one-off
septic tank charge of EUR50.

This is due for payment on or before February 1 this year. Payment after that
date could lead to possible prosecution and a maximum fine of EUR5,000.

Contrary to popular belief, it is not just septic tanks that need to be
registered. Basically any property that is not connected to the main sewerage
system will be expected to register.

The Septic Tank charge was introduced in February 2012 to address the European
Court of Justice ruling against Ireland in October 2009 and to protect ground
and surface water quality from the risks posed by malfunctioning systems.

The EUR50 fee is payable to cover the costs of administration by the water
services authorities and of the risk-based inspections to be carried out.

Inspections will commence after the end of the registration period in 2013.

Unlike the property tax system, there are no exemptions but provision is being
made in the Rural Water Programme 2013 for a grant scheme to provide financial
assistance to those households whose domestic waste water treatment systems are
deemed, following inspection, to require remediation or upgrading.

The level of grant available will be dependent on the income of the household.
The grant assistance will only be available to householders who have registered
their system by February 1 2013.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              120 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Gorey Guardian (Ireland)

                                January 15, 2013

February 1 septic tanks deadline

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS

LENGTH: 232 words


IN ADDITION to the property tax, some homeowners are also liable for a one-off
septic tank charge of EUR50.

This is due for payment on or before February 1 this year. Payment after that
date could lead to possible prosecution and a maximum fine of EUR5,000.

Contrary to popular belief, it is not just septic tanks that need to be
registered. Basically any property that is not connected to the main sewerage
system will be expected to register.

The Septic Tank charge was introduced in February 2012 to address the European
Court of Justice ruling against Ireland in October 2009 and to protect ground
and surface water quality from the risks posed by malfunctioning systems.

The EUR50 fee is payable to cover the costs of administration by the water
services authorities and of the risk-based inspections to be carried out.

Inspections will commence after the end of the registration period in 2013.

Unlike the property tax system, there are no exemptions but provision is being
made in the Rural Water Programme 2013 for a grant scheme to provide financial
assistance to those households whose domestic waste water treatment systems are
deemed, following inspection, to require remediation or upgrading.

The level of grant available will be dependent on the income of the household.
The grant assistance will only be available to householders who have registered
their system by February 1 2013.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              121 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                          New Ross Standard (Ireland)

                                January 15, 2013

February 1 septic tanks deadline

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS

LENGTH: 232 words


IN ADDITION to the property tax, some homeowners are also liable for a one-off
septic tank charge of EUR50.

This is due for payment on or before February 1 this year. Payment after that
date could lead to possible prosecution and a maximum fine of EUR5,000.

Contrary to popular belief, it is not just septic tanks that need to be
registered. Basically any property that is not connected to the main sewerage
system will be expected to register.

The Septic Tank charge was introduced in February 2012 to address the European
Court of Justice ruling against Ireland in October 2009 and to protect ground
and surface water quality from the risks posed by malfunctioning systems.

The EUR50 fee is payable to cover the costs of administration by the water
services authorities and of the risk-based inspections to be carried out.

Inspections will commence after the end of the registration period in 2013.

Unlike the property tax system, there are no exemptions but provision is being
made in the Rural Water Programme 2013 for a grant scheme to provide financial
assistance to those households whose domestic waste water treatment systems are
deemed, following inspection, to require remediation or upgrading.

The level of grant available will be dependent on the income of the household.
The grant assistance will only be available to householders who have registered
their system by February 1 2013.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              122 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            January 30, 2015 Friday

Cowen admits sneaking regard for Burton s ability to sidestep queries;
It s hard to say how much the water conservation grant will cost  for Joan

BYLINE: Marie O'Halloran

SECTION: IRELAND; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 594 words


Some things are a lot easier to do than you'd think. Like getting a system in
place to pay the water conservation grant to 1.3 million households. Apparently
it's like getting used to using an iPad. That's the comparison TÃ¡naiste Joan
Burton used to explain the issue to the DÃ¡il.

Or even a bit like "planning a household budget for a week". You'd have to sit
down and do a bit of preparation, like.

That's what you need, it seems, to implement the new social welfare-like
payment.

It will be issued through the Department of Social Protection and will be the
largest scheme ever paid by the department. It will require consultants,
advertising, more staff, postal costs, legal costs, procurement costs, more IT.
Still, just like becoming familiar with the iPad.

On the other hand the TÃ¡naiste said that if a "department is planning a new
system for a significant payment to most households in the country, of course
there must be a project team and an implementation plan".

And in all of it, she completely avoided answering the question she was
repeatedly asked by Fianna FÃ¡il environment spokesman Barry Cowen and Sinn
FÃ©in deputy leader Mary Lou McDonald: how much implementation is going to cost.

Barry admitted to something of a sneaking regard for this ability to avoid
answering the question, a regular part of the TÃ¡naiste's repertoire of skills.

Weekly failing He reminded her it was her duty to inform the DÃ¡il's elected
representatives what was being spent and how. She'd failed to do that, a weekly
failing of hers. "More luck to her - I commend her on that feat," he said. But
he warned her "the electorate might not do so".

The Opposition had smelt political blood after the Fianna FÃ¡il man put in a
Freedom of Information request and RTÃ[0/00] accessed it as well. The result? A
letter from the secretary general of Social Protection to her counterpart in
Public Expenditure about the need for additional resources to process and pay
the grant to households.

The secretary general warned that the cost of setting up and implementing the
system could not be met from existing resources.

Did the TÃ¡naiste write the letter, Barry asked. She didn't. Did she discuss it
with the secretary general? "Yes of course I have."

"Making it up as they go along," sneered Fianna FÃ¡il's Niall Collins. "I
understand why Fianna FÃ¡il seems to be sneering, with regret," she retorted.
This was "exactly what it was unable to do in its latter years in Government,
when it lost control of the country's finances".

The rough figures are 1.3 million households though the TÃ¡naiste repeatedly
referred to "over 1 million", an apparent reference to the non-compliant, up to
40 per cent of households.

'Loose ends' Then it was Mary Lou's turn to ask the questions about what she
called the "sweetener" or the "bribe". She referred to Minister for the
Environment Alan Kelly's comments that the cost of administering the grant was
EUR 130 million in total and that he had given the impression that "all the
loose ends had been tied up". But they haven't, she said. This should all have
been analysed, considered and costed when the debate was under way, so the
Minister wouldn't give "misleading figures".

"Like the Sinn FÃ©in budget," quipped Emmet Stagg.

Joan waltzed on with the comment that all the required resources to ensure the
successful delivery of the water grant would be put in place.

But she still didn't say what it would cost. And observers noted that when it
came to water charges there wasn't a Fine Gael Minister to be seen for debate on
this boiling hot topic.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              123 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Irish Daily Mail

                           November 20, 2014 Thursday
                                   Edition 2;
                                    Ireland

CLIMBDOWN TO AVOID A MELTDOWN;
A sting in tail for the non-payers

BYLINE: Senan Molony

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1,4,5

LENGTH: 1921 words


Government's last-gasp bid to win back the public on water

We'll get our (EURO)100 back... after an 'administrative nightmare'

...but the protesters persist in opposing introduction of fee

FULL STORIES AND ANALYSIS ON PAGES 4, 5, 6 & 7

A CLIMBDOWN to avoid a political meltdown looked set to win the backing of the
public last night as a new water package was finally unveiled.

'This is Irish Water Mark 2' said the Tánaiste after a major U-turn saw many of
the population's worst fears put to rest.

Out go the prospects of high bills, particularly in multi-adult households,
along with the fear of eventual privatisation, leading to hiked charges in
future.

In comes a two-tier system of capped bills for the next four years, set at low
rates. Legislation will also mean any future proposal to privatise Irish Water
will need a referendum.

Also gone is the requirement to provide PPS numbers to the new utility, with the
existing database to be wiped clean - as exclusively revealed in the Irish Daily
Mail yesterday - and the threat to cut water supply down to a trickle in the
event of non-payment.

However, Environment Minister Alan Kelly, who unveiled the changes, has received
four recent death threats. The latest from an anonymous caller to his Dáil
office yesterday. The caller threatened to shoot him. All four have been
forwarded to the gardai for investigation.

Under the changes, everyone is entitled to a new (EURO)100 water conservation
grant from the Environment Department, channelled through Social Protection,
once they register. There will be a gross annual charge of (EURO)260 for homes
with two or more adults, accounting for 70 per cent of the population.

But the (EURO)100 grant will cut this to a net cost of (EURO)160. For the
remaining 30 per cent, made up of single-adult households, the gross charge will
be (EURO)160, cut to (EURO)60 with the grant. This would last four years.

While hundreds of thousands of households are likely to greet the news with
relief, there is a sting in the tail for those who choose not to pay.

Not only will there be no entitlement to the grant unless registered, but
penalties will apply each year for late payment. And the outstanding debt will
be made a legal charge on the property, to be discharged when it is eventually
sold.

Meanwhile landlords and councils will be able to deduct unpaid occupier water
bills from the tenant's deposit, a move that provoked howls of outrage from
left-wing Opposition TDs yesterday.

The new water conservation grant will be payable to all households who respond
to the Irish Water application campaign.

A person with a well and a septic tank, who will never get a bill from the
utility, will thus be (EURO)100 better off every year - simply for registering,
which can now be done online.

Minister Alan Kelly pledged last night: 'Water will cost the majority of
households significantly less than 1 per cent of their after-tax income.'

Liability will now begin in January, with no bills issued for the last quarter
of this year, as had been the case up to now.

The Irish Water registration deadline has been moved to February 2 and the first
bills will go out in April. And no action is required of the 850,000 households
that have already registered.

The unit charge will now be set at (EURO)3.70 per 1,000 litres, is lower than
originally planned, with each child still entitled to 21,000 free litres per
year, and the standard free 30,000 litres remaining for each home.

As the Dáil continued debating the package last night, a cheerful Taoiseach was
laughing and joking with Fine Gael backbenchers in Leinster House, clearly
confident that he has found the key to unlocking the Coalition's greatest
political crisis.

There will be payment plans, instalments and easy-pay options - which will
provide the option of paying a minimum of (EURO)5 each week which can be lodged
at the local post office - but little mercy for those who outright refuse to
pay, except a Government guarantee that water supply will not be cut off and
pressure not reduced in any way.

Households that do not respond to the Government's olive branch will be billed
at the gross rate of (EURO)260 for multi-adult homes, while everyone else pays
(EURO)100 less as a result of the grant. They will also face late-payment fees
of (EURO)30 (singles) or (EURO)60 (multi-adult) per year. This money will
compound - an unpaid (EURO)60 in the second year will generate a second (EURO)60
fine for its non-payment, along with a new (EURO)60 for non-payment of the
second year's dues.

Thus year two will bring a (EURO)180 additional penalty on top of two
outstanding (EURO)260 bills, or a total debt of a whopping (EURO)700. The same
process will continue in subsequent years.

The Government achieved much of its cheaper rates re-jig yesterday through
old-fashioned accountancy tricks. One was the use of Department of Environment
funds to provide the extra (EURO)100 as a 'water conservation grant'. This move
has been approved by the European Commission.

The other involved Irish Water no longer being hit for commercial rates. While
the local authorities will have to be compensated for this loss of revenue, it
will mean a saving to Irish Water of (EURO)229million that it had previously had
to provide for. Meanwhile, the reduced rates, just announced, will come to
271million, comfortably more than 50 per cent of its income.

The official Government subvention will come to (EURO)399million, which will be
below the bar set in the 'market corporation test' used in assessing whether the
agency should be on the national balance sheet or not.

Irish Water will now escape this fate, which the Government previously warned
could result in the State having to impose an extra 4 per cent in income tax to
make up the fiscal deficit shortfall in a full year.

Minister Kelly said there would be a law introduced meaning there could be no
privatisation of Irish Water without a plebiscite, or national vote. 'This is a
massive move and it will give control to the Irish people,' he trumpeted.

Meanwhile, an advert will go up on www.Stateboards.ie today seeking people to
serve as directors of the new unitary board of Ervia, which will cover Irish
Water. The existing board of Irish Water is being cleared out and a separate
board will cease to exist. A public forum is also to be established, made up of
water customers who can advise on their expectations of the new service.

Mr Kelly said a new national water infrastructure was needed because the
fragmented local authority administration around the country was unable to
borrow and apply money for investment.

It lacked economies of scale - and he asked people to imagine a situation where
electricity provision stopped at county boundaries.

He explained the need for an urgent national response - with examples such as
20,000 people on 'boil water' notices, half of all treated water leaking away,
some 800km of pipes in Dublin being more than a century old, and 42 towns
national having raw sewage run into the local river or seawater. He gave
examples - Youghal, Kilrush, Cobh and Bundoran - and said that in Arklow the
local Avoca river had been rendered 'disgusting.' It had to stop, with beach
closures already a certainty next year because of local pollution.

Comment - Page 14 senan.molony@dailymail.ie

Ross calls out Middle Ireland

Campaigner's anger at mob

Protester living on benefit

'Our water is undrinkable'

Call-out charge ditched

AS predicted in the Irish Daily Mail yesterday, the (EURO)180 Irish Water
call-out charge that excited so much public anger has been scrapped.

Meanwhile, the 'first fix free' policy to address leaks in the system remains in
place as part of the transition phase and will be paid for through funding
provided by the Government.

The policy will apply to customer leaks from their front gate to the outside
wall of the property. Environment Minister Alan Kelly said: 'If householders
have an internal leak they will do what they always did - call a plumber.'

Mr Kelly's department has said: 'Some leakage may be internal to the house, so
the (EURO)100 annual water conservation grant [can be used] to address leaking
cisterns, change dripping taps, etc.' The department also suggested using the
grant to buy 'water butts or rain water systems'.

PPS database to be destroyed

THE Irish Water database of over 1million PPS numbers is to be destroyed, as
exclusively revealed in yesterday's Irish Daily Mail.

'They will be deleted as quickly as possible,' Minister Alan Kelly told the Mail
last night, with the expectation that it can be done within weeks.

The Data Protection Commissioner will advise and have oversight of the process
of erasing all those numbers entered into the Irish Water computer system. Mr
Kelly admitted: 'The mandatory provision of PPS numbers to Irish Water by
customers has been a source of particular concern to many people.' In response,
the Government had decided to 'discontinue' this requirement, he said. 'The new
arrangements are based on self-declaration and appropriate audit.'

Can you make money on charges?

ALAN Kelly's claims that some people could actually make money from the
introduction of water charges drew hoots of disbelief from the Opposition.

But an analysis of the figures suggests the Environment Minister could be
correct in the case of some people living alone.

Mr Kelly stated that homeowners who used less than (EURO)100 of water would be
'slightly better off' as they could offset this against the (EURO)100 Water
Conservation Grant.

'In fact, some people will be able to get their bills below (EURO)100, and when
taken with the water conservation grant - they will likely be slightly better
off,' he said.

In order to do this a person living alone would have to use in the region of
55,000 litres of water or less each year - the equivalent of 151 litres per day.

This would allow: a seven-minute shower (50 litres) each day, a washing machine
cycle (45L), two cooked meals (1L), leave the tap running for four minutes while
brushing their teeth (24L) and flush the toilet three times (27L).

The first 30,000 litres would be free due to the household allowance, resulting
in a bill of (EURO)92.50 before the grant, leaving a profit of (EURO)7.50. This
does not allow for other requirements such as drinking water.

Stopping bonuses 'may be illegal'

IRISH Water's plans to withhold bonus payments from its staff could run in to
legal problems, a legal expert has warned.

Irish Water's parent company, Ervia, announced this week that performancerelated
bonus payments would not be paid to staff during 2013 and 2014.

SIPTU, which represents a quarter of Irish Water's 400 staff, is meeting with
company management today but it has warned that it will not accept any
unilateral changes to staffs' terms and conditions of employment.

Legal expert Val Corbett told the Irish Daily Mail that ultimately the matter
will be decided by the actual terms in each individual employment contract. He
said: 'The payment of bonuses might be written into the contract but the
employer, Irish Water, may have included a clause that says the payments of
these bonuses is discretionary, so even if it is written into the contract, an
employer may have some wriggle room there not to pay these bonuses.'

The head of law at Independent Colleges Dublin added that Irish water would be
in a 'very difficult position' if the bonus scheme is written into the contract
and as part of the terms and conditions of the employee. 'They would have to sit
down consult, negotiate and get the employees consent.'

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Major U-turns: Alan Kelly yesterday

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DML


          Copyright 2014 Irish Daily Mail - Associated Newspapers Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              124 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Darwin Palmerston Sun (Australia)

                          September 7, 2011 Wednesday
                                  1 - Edition

It's time to make a valuable switch

SECTION: Pg. 18

LENGTH: 386 words


ADVERTISING PROFILE: TOP END SOLAHART

GAS and electricity prices are on the rise and predicted to go even higher as
emissions trading becomes a reality in Australia -- but you can

ght back.

Water heating is the largest single energy use in the average household,
according to Grant Miller of Top End Solahart.

``By replacing your conventional water heater with a Solahart solar water
heater, you'll enjoy hot water free from the sun that can save up to 50 to 85
per cent of your water heating energy use and make big savings on your energy
bills and greenhouse gas emissions,'' Mr Miller said.

In fact, by replacing an electric water heater with a Solahart you can reduce
your carbon footprint by

2.2 to 2.6 tonnes every year.

Environmental rebates and incentives

By replacing your electric water heater with a Solahart, you could get up to
$2920 in government rebates and incentives.

The environmental benets of solar water heaters are recognised with a range of
Federal Government rebates and incentives to help households make the switch to
solar water heating.

A cash incentive is provided through Small Scale Renewable Energy Systems, which
can reduce the price of a new solar hot water system by $720, depending on the
model and your location.

In addition, eligible households can claim up to $2200 in rebates from Federal
and local governments for switching from electric to solar or heat pump hot
water systems.

More than one million households can't be wrong

Solahart pioneered solar water heating in 1953.

Since then, Solahart has manufactured more than a million units right here in
Australia for use in Australian homes. Mr Miller's team of specially trained
installers assess your needs and help you choose the best Solahart for your
family, and with their emergency breakdown service, they will have you back in
hot water within 24 hours -- guaranteed.

No interest ever -- that's smart.

Grant Miller said Solahart has worked to deliver solar hot water in the most
affordable way and offers customers an interest free SmartPay payment plan.

``You can install a Solahart with just a 25 per cent deposit and make easy
fortnightly payments over 18 months with no interest ever,'' he said. Fight back
against rising energy costs. Switch to Solahart, hot water free from the sun,
today. Call 8948 1500 or visit www.solahart.com.au

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DPS


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              125 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Wexford People (Ireland)

                                January 15, 2013
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

February 1 septic tanks deadline

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 238 words


IN ADDITION to the property tax, some homeowners are also liable for a one-off
septic tank charge of (EURO)50.

This is due for payment on or before February 1 this year. Payment after that
date could lead to possible prosecution and a maximum fine of (EURO)5,000.
Contrary to popular belief, it is not just septic tanks that need to be
registered. Basically any property that is not connected to the main sewerage
system will be expected to register.

The Septic Tank charge was introduced in February 2012 to address the European
Court of Justice ruling against Ireland in October 2009 and to protect ground
and surface water quality from the risks posed by malfunctioning systems.

The (EURO)50 fee is payable to cover the costs of administration by the water
services authorities and of the risk-based inspections to be carried out.

Inspections will commence after the end of the registration period in 2013.

Unlike the property tax system, there are no exemptions but provision is being
made in the Rural Water Programme 2013 for a grant scheme to provide financial
assistance to those households whose domestic waste water treatment systems are
deemed, following inspection, to require remediation or upgrading.

cash certain The level of grant available will be dependent on the income of the
household. The grant assistance will only be available to householders who have
registered their system by February 1 2013. July Single payment

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WXP


             Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              126 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                             March 9, 2017 Thursday

Half of supply leaks away before even reaching the tap

BYLINE: Tim O'Brien

SECTION: IRELAND; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 645 words


More than half of all the water taken from reservoirs, rivers and wells leaks
away before use, according to documents supplied by Irish Water to the
Oireachtas water committee.

In all, Irish Water supplies 1.7 billion litres daily. Of that 765 million
litres leaks because of faults in an ageing public water system, while 170
million more litres leaks away because of faults in households.

Half of the district water meters installed by local authorities at a cost of
EUR 130 million had stopped working because they were not maintained after they
were fitted, according to Irish Water.

The fault in the district meters installed between 2000 and 2010 was discovered
in 2014, and has been fixed since the establishment of Irish Water, the
semi-State told the water charges inquiry.

Crucial

Currently, 4,407 district meters are in action: they can monitor the usage of
between 50 and 100 homes in rural Ireland, and between 1,000 and 1,500 in towns
and cities.

District metering will play a "crucial" role in dealing with decades-old
problems in the system over the next 10-20 years, Irish Water's Jerry Grant told
TDs and Senators.

Irish Water has said that specially equipped vehicles which will be able to read
data from meters will be able to pinpoint leaks many times faster than existing
methods.

District metering can help to narrow down where leaks happen but no more than
that, says Martin Lane, managing director of Watersave Ireland. "We are talking
about narrowing a leak down to a 5km radius or a 1km radius."

Insisting that some households do waste water, Grant told the inquiry last month
that "an awful lot of the information points to the fact that a relatively small
amount of households use a huge amount of water".

"For example, we now know that 1 per cent of households use over 20 per cent of
all of the water supplied to households. We also know that 5 per cent of
households use a third of the water supplied to households.

"Due to having a leak alarm on individual meters we also know that about 7 per
cent of houses have continuous night flows that are very indicative of leaks."

The Green Party criticised Fianna Fáil's proposal to use the 2007 Water Services
Act to prosecute wasteful households, insisting that house metering remained the
fairest and simplest option.

Meanwhile, a think tank, PublicPolicy.ie, said it was "simply not credible" that
50,000 people could be taken to court and prosecuted for excessive use of water
under the Water Services Act.

Ironically, the decade-old but never used legislation could see Irish Water
itself prosecuted for waste as it struggles to upgrade a system that requires
EUR 13 billion to be spent on it in coming years.

Under section 56 of the Act which deals with water conservation, a person or
corporate body may be prosecuted if a person "fails to prevent water from being
wasted or consumed in excessive amounts".

Offenders

 Offenders may be instructed "to take such corrective action including
installation, repair or replacement of specified pipes, valves or meters and
other accessories, or change operating practice".

Fines of up to EUR 5,000 can be imposed, though section 14 (1) of the Act
provides that where a "corporate body", instead of a householder, is involved
the penalties may apply to corporate directors, owners, managers or occupiers.

Neither the Environmental Protection Agency not the Department of Housing could
provide instances of prosecutions of householders under the 2007 Water Services
Act yesterday.

However, Fianna Fáil Laois-Offaly TD Barry Cowen, who has the party's stand on
water charges, said he could recall corporate prosecutions "from my days on the
council".

Under the Act, Irish Water, as the water services authority, can recover the
costs against offenders if it has to repair connections that are so "defective,
foul or neglected" as to to endanger human health.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2017 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              127 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  The Leader-Times (Kittanning, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 3, 2007 Saturday

Grant to ease water woes

BYLINE: Mitch Fryer, The Leader-Times, Kittanning, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 661 words


Feb. 3--Tom Kelly's drinking water from his spring in the village of Roseville
in Bradys Bend Township leaves a gray sludge.

His neighbor's hot-water tank was so full of a thick black syrup-like residue
that it could not be drained.

"This is the condition of our water," Kelly said.

In the village of Skinall in North Buffalo, Autumn Travis said she and her
neighbors are weary of the sewage in their backyards.

The two Armstrong County communities will be getting some much-needed help.

State Sen. Don White, R-Indiana, and state Rep. Fred McIlhattan, R-Clarion and
Jeff Pyle, R-Ford City, announced Friday that the Roseville and Skinall
neighborhoods will each receive $500,000 in state funding for utility service
projects.

Armstrong County commissioners Patty Kirkpatrick, Jim Scahill and Rich Fink,
members of the county's planning department, township officials and residents
also were on hand for the check presentations.

The funding was made available through Community Development Block Grant (CDBG)
competitive grants applied for by the county's planning department.

Bradys Bend Township will use the $500,000 to cover most of the construction
costs to provide water service to 24 households in Roseville where residents
currently rely on individual wells, springs and cisterns for their water supply.

"Years of extensive mining have had a detrimental effect on the wells and
springs used by those residents," White said. "Testing clearly shows the water
quality is compromised and poses a serious health threat. Two homes were
completely destroyed by fire in the past 10 years due to the lack of water
service in the area."

The Roseville water project involves the construction of a wate line to
Roseville from the Petroleum Valley Regional Water Authority's distribution
system. About 10,000 feet of eight-inch waterline and 1,200 feet of six-inch
line along with hydrants will be installed.

Construction is expected to be completed by the fall.

"This grant will help the community deal with a serious public safety problem,"
McIlhattan said. "This is a major construction project that would have created a
tremendous financial burden on local residents."

The project's cost is estimated at more than $600,00. In addition to the CDBG
funding, White previously secured a $100,000 Safe Water Grant through the
Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection to engineer the project and
pay a portion of the construction costs.

North Buffalo will use the CDBG money it received to provide sanitary sewer
service to 47 households in the Skinall area.

"Residents either have raw sewage discharges or on-lot septic systems, and many
are malfunctioning," White said. "It's leaching into streams and ultimately the
Allegheny River."

The new sanitary sewer line extension will connect to neighboring Cadogan's
existing sewage treatment plant while the lines will be owned and maintained by
North Buffalo.

The project consists of 6,000 feet of eight-inch sanitary sewer line.

It will cost about $791,000. In addition to the $500,000, North Buffalo
allocated $133,000 and the county, more than $100,000, from their CDBG funds.

Officials said there will be a $1,500 tap-in fee to residents.

"The problems have increased with major rains, flooding and snowfalls," Pyle
said. "This will provide the Skinall area with a sanitary sewer system and
future growth potential."

Construction will begin this summer with completion expected by spring, 2008.

"Until I got into office and around my district, I never realized how many
people had problems like this," White said. "It stunned and overwhelmed me."

Mitch Fryer can be reached at mfryer@tribweb.com or (724) 543-1303 ext 242.

Copyright (c) 2007, The Leader-Times, Kittanning, Pa. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070203-KT-0203-Grant-to-ease-water-woes

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KT


                        Copyright 2007 The Leader-Times


                              128 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   Irish News

                            November 10, 2006 Friday

Energy grant take-up hailed

BYLINE: Catherine Morrison

SECTION: Pg. 11

LENGTH: 402 words


Around 1,200 people have applied for government grants to install renewable
energy systems such as solar panels in their homes.

The applications have all been made within the last four months, following
Secretary of State Peter Hain's announcement in July that around £8 million was
being made available for homeowners who wanted to switch to green energy.

Around 4,000 grants are up for grabs under the Household Programme. The grants
will cover up to half of the cost of installing renewable energy systems,
including wood-pellet stoves and wind turbines.

Since the announcement in the summer, more than 5,000 people have asked about
the grants and 1,186 applications have been received.

The Department of Enterprise, Trade and Investment has issued more than 1,000
letters of offer worth more than £2.7 million. Around £150,000 has already been
paid out.

Dr John Barry, co-leader of the Green Party in Northern Ireland, himself
received financial help with installing a wood-pellet stove.

"Installers and suppliers of the wood-pellet stove cannot keep up with demand,"
he said.

"With coal, oil and gas prices on the increase, energy bills can be cut by a
half.

"The wood pellets are a sustainable resource, essentially using waste wood.

"We welcome the government's commitment on this issue but I don't think they
were prepared for the amount of interest in the scheme."

The enterprise department's Dan Sinton outlined the diverse systems now in use
across the north.

"The response to the Household Programme has been excellent and highlights the
commitment of the people of Northern Ireland to renewable energy," he said.

"There has been a particularly good uptake on the installation of wood-fuelled
boilers which will provide all heating and domestic hot water needs, and solar
panels which will provide a substantial amount of domestic hot water in both
summer and winter.

"A number of households have installed wind turbines, which can provide up to
four kilowatts every hour when wind conditions are favourable.

"There has also been some interest in photovoltaic panels, which can generate up
to five kilowatts of electricity every hour during sunny conditions."

Under proposed building regulation changes, the use of renewable energy in
new-builds will be mandatory from 2008.

To request an application pack, call the helpline on 0800 023 4077, send an
email to HouseholdProgramme@detini.gov.uk or text ENERGY to 60900.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 The Irish News Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              129 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 28, 2009 Wednesday

$1.3 million in grant money flowing to Wiley Ford for work

BYLINE: Sarah Moses, Cumberland Times News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 446 words


Jan. 28--KEYSER, W.Va. -- Mineral County has received $1.3 million in Small
Cities Community Development Block Grants to fund the Wiley Ford water system
upgrade.

"This will be a major step forward for Wiley Ford and the northern part of the
county," Wayne Spiggle, commission president, said. "So this will bring
stability to this community. Wiley Ford also has an associated problem with
their roadways, and I wish this grant was going to address that issue, but we
will continue to pay attention to that problem and hopefully someday have a
granting process to remedy their roadway situation. For now, however, water is a
major concern and I think the governor and others need to be thanked for looking
our way."

The $5.5 million project included the purchase of the water company, which Mike
Bland, county coordinator, said has already been done by the Frankfort Public
Service District.

The project will involve upgrading and replacement of a majority of the lines,
Bland said. He added that it will include the replacement of the water storage
tank.

The project will serve 416 homes.

The $1.3 million was part of more than $17 million distributed by Gov. Joe
Manchin this month for 33 projects across the state.

Morgan County was awarded $200,000 for the town of Paw Paw's upgrade to its
sewer system. The $2-million project will benefit 174 households.

Pendleton County received $1.3 million to extend water service to 87 additional
households in the Kline-Mozer area.

"Small Cities Block Grant funds play an important part toward improving the
conditions of our counties and towns throughout the state," Manchin said in a
release. "I believe that continuous infrastructure improvement is essential to
our state's growth. I applaud the strong commitment that our state, county and
local community leaders have shown by getting behind these projects. If we
continue to take care of fundamentals regarding the state's infrastructure, our
citizens will have an opportunity to live a better quality of life."

The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development provides Small City Block
Grant funding to the state. The Community Development Division of the West
Virginia Development Office manages these funds.

Sarah Moses can be reached at smoses@times-news.com

To see more of the Cumberland Times News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.times-news.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Cumberland Times News, Md.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090128-UM-1.3-million-in-grant
-money-flowing-to-Wiley-Ford-for-work-0128

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                                 Copyright 2009


                              130 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                          December 24, 2014 Wednesday

Coalition faces anxious wait over water bills;
 Charges could make or break us next year,  says source at Leinster House

BYLINE: Harry McGee

SECTION: IRELAND; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 384 words


HARRY McGEE

The Government is holding its breath in advance of the issuing of the first
water bills next year.

With just under half of householders saying they will pay, the Coalition is
hoping the reduced charges, and the introduction of budgetary tax concessions,
will help appease people weary of austerity.

The passing of the Water Services Bill through the Oireachtas has paved the way
for the introduction of the reduced charges after months of controversy and huge
protest marches.

"The water charges could make or break us next year,'' said a Government source.
"I have never seen an issue to generate such public anger.''

The charges will be EUR 260 for a household with two adults or more, and EUR 160
for a household with one adult. All will be entitled to a EUR 100 water
conservation grant.

There is no longer a requirement for PPS numbers and the charges will not be
increased until 2018 at the earliest.

Revised system Under the revised system, households must register by February
2nd. The first quarterly bills will be issued in April for water used in the
first quarter of 2015.

The EUR 100 water conservation grant will be paid by the Department of Social
Protection in September 2015 but only to those households that have registered
with Irish Water.

February 2nd will be a key date. At present some 900,000 households have
registered. The Government will hope the number has substantially increased to
well over one million by then.

An Irish Times/Ipsos MRBI poll revealed that 48 per cent of householders intend
paying the charges and 33 per cent do not, with 11 per cent undecided and 8 per
cent saying the issue did not apply to them.

Those refusing to pay will not have their water supply cut off or reduced, but
there will be penalties.

There will be a statutory charge on property, while landlords will be able to
withhold water charge arrears from private tenants and pay them to Irish Water.

Local authorities will be responsible for recovering arrears from their tenants
and passing the money on to Irish Water. The company can also take people to
court if they do not pay their bills.

Minister for the Environment Alan Kelly has said those refusing to pay would not
face fines for at least 15 months. "Too long, if you want people to pay,'' said
a Government backbencher privately.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              131 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                             July 29, 2008 Tuesday

Stars' plumber leaks secrets..

BYLINE: Charles Rae

LENGTH: 651 words


(..ON SAVING ENERGY AND CUTTING BILLS)

AS THE credit crunch bites, money-saving household help is at hand -from
Britain's plumber to the stars.

Charlie Mullins runs Pimlico Plumbers in South London, which he started with a
toolbox and a hired van in 1979. It now has a turnover of £ 15million.

His famous clients include Eric Clapton, Keira Knightley, Hugh Grant, London
Mayor Boris Johnson, Clive Owen, Frank Lampard and Dame Diana Rigg.

Now Charlie, 54, has come up with these energy-saving tips to help reduce the
impact of skyrocketing household bills:

HEATING: If you have an old boiler, consider replacing it with one of the new A
or B-rated SEDBUK condensing boilers, which convert more than 88 per cent of
their fuel into heat, compared with just 78 per cent in the average older
boiler.

These condensing boilers take up less space in the home and I estimate that
installing one could save you around 30 per cent on your heating bills, or
around £ 150-£ 180 off the average bill.

Controlling the heat in your home is very important for saving money and the
environment. If you have an efficient heating system, you can "zone" the heating
to give you different temperatures in different rooms, using the boiler
efficiently to provide heat only in the rooms you use, saving money and energy.

Lowering the thermostat on your heating system by one degree will save five per
cent on your heating bill over the year.

Instal a timer on your heating system and reduce the time you heat your house by
just 15 minutes a day -and you save 45 hours of heating time over six months.

INSULATION: The Energy Saving Trust estimates that the amount of heat lost
through poorly insulated roofs and walls is enough to heat around three million
homes per year. Check your loft and cavity wall insulation and make sure all
your pipes are properly lagged. This can save you £ 100-£ 120 per year.

If you are a pensioner, you can probably get a Government grant towards the cost
of insulation. Visit energysavingtrust.org.uk for more information.

WATER: Most of our household water wastage is in the bathroom, where we use
about 20 per cent of our daily ration, and 18 per cent flushing the toilet.

Installing a water-efficient shower head will save water, lower your energy bill
and reduce greenhouse gas emissions.

And cut your showering time -every minute reduced could save up to nine litres
of water.

Instal a HIPPO in your toilet cistern. It's a small plastic bag that fills with
water, reducing the usable volume in the cistern and saving water every time you
flush.

The Hippo saves up to three litres of water with every flush -enough for a
five-minute shower every day, assuming you flush your toilet around ten times a
day.

Checking your dripping taps and changing the washers if necessary is one of the
most common household plumbing jobs and one that can save hundreds of gallons
per year. A dripping tap can waste more than 2,000 litres of water a month.

Check for leaking pipes by reading your water meter before you go to bed and
then again in the morning. If there has been no water usage overnight, but the
reading has changed, you may have a leaking pipe. Seek advice from a plumber.

Consider the number of times each week your household uses the washing machine.
The average machine uses 120 to 150 litres of water per load. If you are buying
a new machine, choose a water-efficient model with a water conservation rating
of AAA or higher.

These types of machine can save up to 50 litres of water per load and need less
detergent. They are also better at washing at lower temperatures.

All household appliances that use water can use a lot of it! When you buy an
appliance, check the water-efficiency rating to save significantly on your water
bills.

A new national scheme will help you choose the most efficient model -The Water
Efficiency Labelling and Standards Scheme (WELS) gives you consistent water
efficiency information.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              132 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                             July 29, 2008 Tuesday

Stars' plumber leaks secrets..

BYLINE: Charles Rae

LENGTH: 651 words


(..ON SAVING ENERGY AND CUTTING BILLS)

AS THE credit crunch bites, money-saving household help is at hand -from
Britain's plumber to the stars.

Charlie Mullins runs Pimlico Plumbers in South London, which he started with a
toolbox and a hired van in 1979. It now has a turnover of £ 15million.

His famous clients include Eric Clapton, Keira Knightley, Hugh Grant, London
Mayor Boris Johnson, Clive Owen, Frank Lampard and Dame Diana Rigg.

Now Charlie, 54, has come up with these energy-saving tips to help reduce the
impact of skyrocketing household bills:

HEATING: If you have an old boiler, consider replacing it with one of the new A
or B-rated SEDBUK condensing boilers, which convert more than 88 per cent of
their fuel into heat, compared with just 78 per cent in the average older
boiler.

These condensing boilers take up less space in the home and I estimate that
installing one could save you around 30 per cent on your heating bills, or
around £ 150-£ 180 off the average bill.

Controlling the heat in your home is very important for saving money and the
environment. If you have an efficient heating system, you can "zone" the heating
to give you different temperatures in different rooms, using the boiler
efficiently to provide heat only in the rooms you use, saving money and energy.

Lowering the thermostat on your heating system by one degree will save five per
cent on your heating bill over the year.

Instal a timer on your heating system and reduce the time you heat your house by
just 15 minutes a day -and you save 45 hours of heating time over six months.

INSULATION: The Energy Saving Trust estimates that the amount of heat lost
through poorly insulated roofs and walls is enough to heat around three million
homes per year. Check your loft and cavity wall insulation and make sure all
your pipes are properly lagged. This can save you £ 100-£ 120 per year.

If you are a pensioner, you can probably get a Government grant towards the cost
of insulation. Visit energysavingtrust.org.uk for more information.

WATER: Most of our household water wastage is in the bathroom, where we use
about 20 per cent of our daily ration, and 18 per cent flushing the toilet.

Installing a water-efficient shower head will save water, lower your energy bill
and reduce greenhouse gas emissions.

And cut your showering time -every minute reduced could save up to nine litres
of water.

Instal a HIPPO in your toilet cistern. It's a small plastic bag that fills with
water, reducing the usable volume in the cistern and saving water every time you
flush.

The Hippo saves up to three litres of water with every flush -enough for a
five-minute shower every day, assuming you flush your toilet around ten times a
day.

Checking your dripping taps and changing the washers if necessary is one of the
most common household plumbing jobs and one that can save hundreds of gallons
per year. A dripping tap can waste more than 2,000 litres of water a month.

Check for leaking pipes by reading your water meter before you go to bed and
then again in the morning. If there has been no water usage overnight, but the
reading has changed, you may have a leaking pipe. Seek advice from a plumber.

Consider the number of times each week your household uses the washing machine.
The average machine uses 120 to 150 litres of water per load. If you are buying
a new machine, choose a water-efficient model with a water conservation rating
of AAA or higher.

These types of machine can save up to 50 litres of water per load and need less
detergent. They are also better at washing at lower temperatures.

All household appliances that use water can use a lot of it! When you buy an
appliance, check the water-efficiency rating to save significantly on your water
bills.

A new national scheme will help you choose the most efficient model -The Water
Efficiency Labelling and Standards Scheme (WELS) gives you consistent water
efficiency information.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              133 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                          Fingal Independent (Ireland)

                                January 22, 2013

February 1 septic tanks deadline

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS

LENGTH: 233 words


IN ADDITION to the property tax, some homeowners are also liable for a one-off
septic tank charge of EUR50. This is due for payment on or before February 1
this year. Payment after that date could lead to possible prosecution and a
maximum fine of EUR5,000. Contrary to popular belief, it is not just septic
tanks that need to be registered. Basically any property that is not connected
to the main sewerage system will be expected to register. The Septic Tank charge
was introduced in February 2012 to address the European Court of Justice ruling
against Ireland in October 2009 and to protect ground and surface water quality
from the risks posed by malfunctioning systems. The EUR50 fee is payable to
cover the costs of administration by the water services authorities and of the
risk-based inspections to be carried out. Inspections will commence after the
end of the registration period in 2013. Unlike the property tax system, there
are no exemptions but provision is being made in the Rural Water Programme 2013
for a grant scheme to provide financial assistance to those households whose
domestic waste water treatment systems are deemed, following inspection, to
require remediation or upgrading. The level of grant available will be dependent
on the income of the household. The grant assistance will only be available to
householders who have registered their system by February 1 2013.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              134 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times of Zambia (Ndola)

                                October 29, 2014

12,000 Choma Homes to Get Fresh Water

BYLINE: Chila Namaiko

LENGTH: 247 words


ABOUT 12,000 households in the low-cost area of Chandamali Township of Choma are
expected to start receiving adequate access to water supply.

This follows the Government's release of K2.7 million to Southern Water and
Sewerage Company (SWASCO) from the Devolution Trust Fund (DFT) for the water
reticulation project in the township.

The project, to be completed within 12 months, would involve setting up of 25
Kilometres of water supply network to connect about 2,000 households in the
densely populated township of Choma.

SWASCO corporate affairs manager Liversage Mulinda said in a statement yesterday
that the project, once completed, would benefit more than 12,000 households in
the area.

A total of 1,900 metres of pipes would be installed in line with the company's
aspirations of ensuring that all connections were metered to reduce non-revenue
water and customers pay for what they use.

The water utility firm was grateful to DTF for the grant which was among many
other grants SWASCO had received for the metering project of Zambia Township in
Choma.

Other beneficiaries of DTF were the Dambwa Township metering project in
Livingstone where 2,000 automatic read meters were being installed at a cost of
about K3.3 million to benefit 14,000 residents.

SWASCO also implemented phase-one of the Libuyu Township Sanitation Project in
Livingstone, while preparations were underway for the implementation of
phase-two of the project in the same township which had dilapidated sewer
system.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              135 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Namibia Economist (Windhoek)

                                 March 01, 2013

Children Face Severe Poverty

BYLINE: Hilma Hashange

LENGTH: 560 words


It is estimated that while 15.3% of the whole population is in severe poverty,
18.3% of Namibian children suffers severe poverty and 34% of all children find
themselves below the upper poverty line.

This is according to a child-centered poverty analysis of the Namibia Household
Income and Expenditure Survey (NHIES 2009/2010) released by the Namibia
Statistics Agency. Although poverty is said to be more than simply the lack of
sufficient money, the report found it useful to measure such poverty in money
terms and therefore the use of one or more poverty lines is required to measure
poverty.

In Namibia, the severe poverty line is measured as being an income of N$3330.48
per year or less per adult equivalent, based on the cost of meeting food as well
as some non-food needs. The upper poverty line is measured as an income of
N$4535.52 per year per adult equivalent.

The report states that households fall into poverty if their income is too small
to care for everybody in the household or if one or more adults have to stay
home to care for children, elderly or other family members. The report defines
children as those under the age of 16 and uses the upper poverty line to
determine the different poverty lines per region and age.

Children up to five years are considered to require only half as much as adults
in terms of consumption needs and children 6 to 15 only three-quarters as much.
This means, according to the report, that a household consisting of six adult
members would have been considered poor if its consumption fell below about
N$27,210 per year while a household containing two adults, two young children
below six and two other children below 16 would not have been considered poor
unless their consumption was below N$20,410.

The report found that a large majority of children find themselves in households
lacking durable goods such as television, stove and cars but have radio's and
cell phones. Only 32.3% of poor children are in households that do not have a
telephone or cell phones; however 13.7% of children living in poor households
lack any of the durable goods.

Although there has been some limited improvement since the last survey
(2003/2004), deprived children lacking access to clean water, improved
sanitation, electricity and safe heating, are still widespread. As many as 80.7%
of poor children are in households that do not have access to an improved source
of drinking water, 88.7% have no access to improved sanitation, 87.6% have no
electricity even for lighting purposes and 76.6% use wood, coal or dung for
heating.

The report also touches on the role social grants play as a means of providing
social protection against poverty and vulnerability. Namibia is one of the few
countries in Africa that has a well-established and functioning social grant
system, although the quantity of such grants is still relatively low. Statistics
found that 18.2% of all children and 22.1% of poor children are in households
where there is a person receiving a pension whilst child maintenance and foster
care grants amounts to 10.5% of poor children. Administration data states that
110,639 people received maintenance and foster care grants in December 2009,
which is N$2400 per year for one eligible child. The number has however since
increased. Moreover, the old age pension is set to increase to N$600 from the
current N$550.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              136 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                              May 22, 2009 Friday

Franklin County applies for stimulus money

BYLINE: By JIM HOOK Senior writer

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 382 words


Franklin County Commissioners have applied for $80,000 in federal economic
stimulus money to replace water mains in a Fannettsburg mobile home park.

The grant, available to the county under the American Recovery and Reinvestment
Act, is in addition to the county's regular 2009 Community Development Block
Grant entitlement, according to county planner Dan Wolfe.

The stimulus funds will follow more than $800,000 of block grant money that has
been spent in the past decade fixing up the water systems at the Indian Lake
Campsites, Fannettsburg. The system, built about 45 years ago, was inadequate to
serve the 70-plus mobile home lots. Water lines were too small. Water quality
was poor.

Federal grant money has also gone into bringing public sewer to the community
beside Lake Fannettsburg, also known as Indian Lake. Sewer systems had backed up
and overflowed. Metal Township now operates a sewer system throughout
Fannettsburg.

The latest $442,000 water project at Indian Lake would replace two-inch water
pipes running in front of homes with four-inch mains.

Wolfe said it is the only project submitted for county block grant money that
met all criteria for a stimulus block grant:

- Construction could start within 90 days of the grant award.

- It was a new project.

- People would be hired to do the job.

The county also could not advertise for a project, Wolfe said.

Entitlement communities throughout the nation were granted an additional $80,000
recovery grant this year.

The county will combine the stimulus money with $120,000 from the county's 2009
block grant to do half the water project as soon as possible.

"They're ready to go now," Wolfe said.

If the Department of Community and Economic Development paperwork is completed
quickly, work could start at the end of the summer, he said.

The second half the project could be completed with the award of future grants.

Block grants must be spent in low- to moderate-income neighborhoods. A 2002
survey indicated that 76 percent of households in Indian Lake Campsites had low-
to moderate-incomes.

Federal stimulus money is also financing the resurfacing of U.S. 30 from
Fayetteville to the Adams County line. Valley Quarries, Chambersburg, has the
$2.4 million contract.

----------

Jim Hook can be reached at 262-4759 or jhook@publicopinionnews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                              137 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           August 11, 2004 Wednesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Regional Briefly

BYLINE: From staff and wire reports

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 658 words


MONARCH MILL CLEANUP COMMENT ASKED

The Idaho Department of Environmental Quality is seeking public comment on
cleanup options at Monarch Mill, a Coeur d'Alene Mining District site along
Prichard Creek in Shoshone County.

The site has been identified as a nonpoint source of cadmium, lead and zinc in
the Prichard Creek Watershed. DEQ is mulling over six options for addressing the
contamination at Monarch Mill.

The cleanup options ask the public to weigh effectiveness, cost and potential
for implementation, and the possibilities range from taking no action to on- or
off-site disposal. The recommendation is to remove tailings of three-quarter
inch or less for off-site disposal.

The document listing the alternatives is available online at
www.deq.state.id.us/news/news1.htm, at DEQ's Coeur d'Alene regional office and
at libraries in Coeur d'Alene, Wallace and Pinehurst.

Comments should be sent to Robert Higdem, DEQ Coeur d'Alene Regional Office,
2110 Ironwood Parkway, Coeur d'Alene ID 83814, or by calling (208) 769-1422 or
writing  rhigdem@deq.state.id.us.

DEQ will accept comments until 5 p.m. Sept. 10.

GRANT RECEIVED FOR HOOKER HILL WATER LINE

Idaho Gov. Dirk Kempthorne announced Tuesday that Kootenai County will receive a
$100,000 federal grant to build a water line for 25 water-deprived households at
Hooker Hill.

Earlier this year, Kootenai County commissioners approved the project, which
will create a 2.5-mile line from the Hooker Hill water district to the Garwood
water system. Tuesday's announcement established the means to the end: Aside
from the $100,000 grant, the Garwood received a $170,000 loan from the Idaho
Department of Water Resources.

In the past three years, the 25 households were reportedly left with inadequate
water supplies after drought conditions depleted surface and well water.

Each household will pay Garwood a $5,500 hookup fee.

CITIZENS OFFERED FOREST FIELD TRIPS

The Idaho Panhandle National Forests is offering field trips through September
to give citizens an opportunity to examine projects, discuss issues and learn
how forest policy affects project-level decisions.

Field trips are scheduled for the following areas and dates: Bonners Ferry, Aug.
14; Coeur d'Alene, Aug. 21; Priest Lake, Aug. 25; Sandpoint, Aug. 28; and St.
Maries, Sept. 11.

Lunch and water will not be provided on the trips. It is recommended that
participants wear good walking shoes and appropriate clothing.

To participate in one of the field trips, contact Jodi Kramer at (208) 765-7235
or at  jodikramer@fs.fed.us by Aug. 13.

PUBLIC INPUT SOUGHT ON SAND CREEK BYWAY

State and federal agencies are seeking public input Thursday about potential
environmental impacts from the proposed U.S. Highway 95 Sand Creek Byway.

The controversial project was proposed by the Idaho Transportation Department in
an effort to improve traffic flow through Sandpoint. The project calls for a new
interchange with U.S. Highway 2 and the realignment of U.S. Highway 95 with an
auxiliary southbound lane.

The comments are sought by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and the Idaho
Department of Lands, which are reviewing applications for permits that would
lead to construction.

Those wishing to speak will be asked to sign an attendance card. Elected
officials will speak first, followed by organizations, individuals and
government officials. The hearing will begin at 6 p.m. in the Sandpoint High
School, 410 S. Division Ave.

FORMER FUNERAL HOME OWNER GUILTY OF FRAUD

BOISE

A former funeral home owner accused of bilking clients has pleaded guilty to 51
counts of mail fraud.

Mitchell Devin McBride, 41, was accused of selling thousands of dollars worth of
phony service packages to unsuspecting clients.

McBride owned Riverside Funeral Service in Garden City between June 2000 and
March 2003, federal prosecutors said. During that time, he allegedly defrauded
about 200 clients out of $180,000 for prearranged funeral services.

TYPE: Briefs

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              138 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                      Fraser Coast Chronicle (Queensland)

                           September 20, 2011 Tuesday

Energy forum to show bright ideas

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 260  words


HERVEY Bay residents are encouraged to attend a free solar forum to find out how
they can save money on their electricity bills by switching to solar energy.

Minister for Energy and Water Utilities Stephen Robertson said the Bright Thing
solar forum will be held at the Hervey Bay RSL on September 27.

"The forum will inform local residents about the range of government incentives
available to make the switch to solar," Mr Robertson said.

"Queenslanders in their thousands are already taking advantage of the savings
that can be achieved through initiatives like the Queensland Government Solar
Hot Water Rebate Scheme and the Solar Bonus Scheme. "Local community and
sporting organisations can also benefit from government grants for solar
projects under the Solar Sport and Community Group Grants program.

Mr Robertson said residents in the Hervey Bay electorate were already showing
strong interest in the Government's solar incentives.

"Through our Solar Hot Water Rebate Scheme, eligible residents receive rebates
of up to $1000 for pensioners and $600 for other households to replace their
electric hot water system with a solar hot water system or heat pump," she said.

"More than 470 home owners in the Hervey Bay region have already received solar
rebates worth a collective $415,000 since the scheme started making payments on
July 1, 2010. There is also a strong take up of solar photovoltaic (PV) panel
systems through our Solar Bonus Scheme. Customers receive 44 cents for every
kilowatt hour of surplus solar energy their household PV systems generate."

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FFC


                    Copyright 2011 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              139 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                            January 6, 2011 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Either we pay for water or we ask our children to pay;
If politicians reject water charges we may have to accept health and education
cuts, says Angela McGowan

SECTION: COMMENT; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 563 words


Even with the relatively heavy rainfall that Northern Ireland experiences every
year, clean water is actually a scarce resource. There are large costs involved
in the provision of clean drinking water to households as well as businesses in
terms of both infrastructure investment and maintenance as well as running
costs.

In 2009, the European Union's Environment Agency called for all water use
throughout Europe to be metered and charged across all sectors according to the
volume used.

Yet Northern Ireland is different from virtually every other country in Europe
as it remains exempt from household water charges.

Our antiquated water infrastructure has been recognised as a major problem for
quite some time.

Indeed, back in 1999, the Department of the Environment launched a consultation
on water and sewerage services in Northern Ireland and there was much debate
about how water provision should be delivered, priced and regulated.

That consultation document -- which was published fully 12 years ago -- also
highlighted the urgent need to upgrade Northern Ireland's decaying capital
stock.

In the weeks and months ahead, we will witness a lot of finger-pointing and
blame-allocation for the thousands of households in Northern Ireland who had no
running water for more than a week over the Christmas period.

But our decaying water infrastructure is the primary reason for this crisis and
could be the reason for a more serious crisis in the future. When regions
neglect water they risk collapse, because no commodity is more essential.

Investment in Northern Ireland's water system requires a massive amount of
funding. It requires funding up front, but it also requires future financial
outlay to ensure maintenance and access further down the line. I doubt that
there is a single person in Northern Ireland who does not now recognise that
Government resources are currently under huge stress.

The provision of an upgraded water infrastructure system will come at a price.
Yet politicians are still assuring the voters that it should be supplied to them
for free.

But without imposing water charges, any additional public investment in water
will result in cuts elsewhere.

The public should not be duped; they should understand that officials will have
to shift resources from education or health, or perhaps another department, to
sort out our water infrastructure, because the block grant is finite.

Thus water investment and future supply will never be free -- the cost will
either be up-front or it will be indirect. Any potential assistance from the UK
Treasury would require a commitment to raise some form of revenue locally to
fund water provision -- as is the case in the rest of the UK and Europe.

The cost of our water provision to households needs to be up front and
transparent.

Local households that can afford to make a contribution should and to avoid
pushing pensioners and low income households into financial hardship support,
measures such as the provision of water vouchers can be introduced.

The failure of Northern Ireland to provide itself with a decent water
infrastructure in the 21s tcentury is a disgrace.

Passing on such a legacy to the next generation would be unforgivable so time
should not be wasted by pointing accusatory fingers.

Now is the time to find solutions and revenue streams so that the necessary
investment in our water system can be made.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                Copyright 2011 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              140 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Williamson Daily News, W.Va.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 4, 2010 Thursday

Delbarton's water project receives $1.3M in funding

BYLINE: Joshua Murphy, Williamson Daily News, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 405 words


Nov. 04--Delbarton's Wastewater Collection and Treatment Replacement Project
came closer to completion of funding after receiving $1.3 million in funding
last week from a Small Cities Block Grant awarded by Gov. Joe Manchin.

"This grant is vital to rural communities like Delbarton," said Mayor John
Preece. "We don't have the tax base or income from our system to undertake such
a project.

"We've worked hard to get this together and this seems to be our opportunity to
get our system up and running."

The $9.5 million project has been in the books for approximately 6 to 7 years.
With the additional funding, the project currently has $8 million with the
remainder expected to come within six months from an Appalachian Regional
Commission grant.

Approximately 397 households in the town will benefit from the project with 76
of those as new customers.

Delbarton's project was one of 31 infrastructure projects throughout West
Virginia that received the grant last week. The projects will serve almost
42,000 residents and over 9,000 households with over $17 million awarded in all.

The project, which will upgrade Delbarton's existing infrastructure, replace
several lines and add new customers, is just the first of four phases. Once
completed, surrounding areas like Elk Creek and Pigeon Creek will be brought
into the town's system.

Governor Joe Manchin awarded the grants and released the following statement via
press release:

"One of the highest priorities during my administration has been to provide the
necessary infrastructure to make West Virginia a safe and healthy place to live.
By providing vital access to clean, adequate water and reliable sewer
facilities, we can promote future economic development and improve the quality
of life for our residents."

The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development provides Small Cities Block
Grant funds to the state, The Community Development Division of the West
Virginia Development Office manages these funds.

To see more of the Williamson Daily News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.williamsondailynews.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Williamson Daily
News, W.Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101104-UX-Delbarton-s-water
-project-receives-1.3M-in-funding-1104-20101104

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UX


                                 Copyright 2010


                              141 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 27, 2017 Friday

Washington: Trump Attacks the Safety of Our Drinking Water

LENGTH: 1099  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Food & Water Watch has issued the following news release:



 The Trump administration has declared war on the environment and the safety of
our drinking water. His team put together an aggressive action plan for the EPA,
stripping away public protections and critical resources.





 According to a memo leaked on Monday, Trump's team has proposed cutting $513
million from EPA's "states and tribal assistance grants." These grants support a
range of projects to protect our air and water resources - from protecting
wetlands and beaches to preventing radon-related lung cancer. It includes the
Public Water Supervision Program that supports states every year to help enforce
drinking water regulations. For example, Arkansas's Department of Health
received a $947,000 grant for fiscal year 2016 and $180,000 for fiscal year 2017
so far. Ohio's environmental agency has received nearly $500,000 for fiscal year
2017 so far from this one grant program alone.



 The State and Tribal Assistance Grants also form the backbone of the State
Revolving Fund (SRF) programs, the primary source of federal funding for our
water and sewer systems. Every single state relies on funding from these
programs to assist community water and sewer projects - from helping the small
town of Edgerton, Wyo. remove bacteria from its water supply to helping St.
Bernard Parish, La., replace its old, deteriorated water lines.



 Trump's cuts will be devastating for communities across the country, especially
small, rural and disadvantaged communities. Small and rural water systems rely
on federal assistance to keep their water safe. Their customer base is small,
and their systems are spread out and costly, leaving rural water customers with
a heavy financial burden.



 In fact, on the campaign trail Trump promised to triple funding for these water
funding programs. But we are in a new era, one ruled by "alternative facts." In
reality, Trump's agenda aggressively attacks our fundamental resources and key
values. The very safety of our drinking water is at risk.

 Trump's Wall Street Giveaway



 While gutting these vital water funding programs, Trump's team is also
advancing a proposal to let Wall Street take over our public infrastructure.
Trump's policy advisors have outlined a scheme to give massive tax breaks to
Wall Street firms that take over infrastructure projects. It would give Wall
Street a tax credit of $0.82 for every $1 of equity invested into a project.



 This privatization scam will benefit only Wall Street. Widespread privatization
of water systems would lead to large rate hikes, loss of local control, loss of
transparency and accountability, loss of jobs and deterioration of customer
service quality. Water bills would skyrocket to allow Wall Street to profit,
leading to unaffordable bills and more water shutoffs.



 Privatization will not help Flint or other communities address their water
problems. Private investors will not put money into replacing water lines in
low-income cities. They would cherry-pick service areas to avoid cash-strapped
neighborhoods where households can't afford to pay the cost of privatized
service.



 And, despite claims to the contrary, the tax-credit scheme will cost taxpayers
a lot of money. The plan would not pay for itself. Wall Street players would
just shift their investments to infrastructure and not necessarily increase the
amount of money invested in the economy overall. There would be no increased
revenue from income taxes on investor profits.



 Trump's plans amount to a massive windfall for Wall Street, and combined with
his proposed cuts, they endanger our public water systems.

 A National Challenge



 The water crisis in Flint was a stark reminder that our country urgently needs
a major, direct federal investment in our community water and sewer systems.



 According to the latest estimates from the EPA, our water and sewer systems
need at least $697 billion over 20 years to help protect public health and the
environment. Other studies have found that our water needs are even larger. The
American Water Works Association estimates that our drinking water systems need
at least $1.1 trillion over the next 25 years to extend and replace the water
pipes that are reaching the end of their useful life.



 Without renewed federal commitment, cities and towns are left to figure out how
to provide safe water without pricing their residents out of service. This
problem becomes especially complex in this period of widening income inequality
and reliance on regressive water billing practices that disproportionately
burden low-income and working families. The consequences are playing out in
communities across the country, from Detroit to San Diego: widespread water
shutoffs.



 Water affordability is a growing national crisis. A new study out of Michigan
State University found that water bills are already unaffordable for nearly 12
percent of households nationwide. If water rates continue to increase at their
projected pace, bills will become unaffordable for nearly 36 percent of
households nationwide in the next five years. Mississippi, Louisiana and Alabama
have the most communities at risk of unaffordable water bills.

 A Vision Forward



 On Tuesday, Senate Democrats released their own blueprint to rebuild our
country's infrastructure, calling for $110 billion to update our water and sewer
systems. Their plan would expand grant funding and assistance through these
critical water funding programs. They provide a promising vision for water
investment and a stark challenge to Trump's plans to gut water programs and give
massive handouts to Wall Street to privatize our infrastructure.



 Their blueprint recognizes that communities need real direct assistance and
that privatization is the wrong way forward: "Our Blueprint will invest directly
in communities because Democrats know that we can't fix a problem of this
magnitude simply by tolling more highways or privatizing water and sewer system
that profit on ratepayers."



 Congress members should use this plan as a guide to aggressively defend federal
funding for our public water and sewer systems from cuts under the Trump
administration.



 In the long-term, Congress must establish a dedicated, annual source of funding
for local water and sewer systems. We must remove water funding from the
chopping block of federal budget battles. That is the only way we can ensure
safe, affordable water service for current and future generations.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              142 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 27, 2017 Friday

Washington: Trump Attacks the Safety of Our Drinking Water

LENGTH: 1099  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Food & Water Watch has issued the following news release:



 The Trump administration has declared war on the environment and the safety of
our drinking water. His team put together an aggressive action plan for the EPA,
stripping away public protections and critical resources.





 According to a memo leaked on Monday, Trump's team has proposed cutting $513
million from EPA's "states and tribal assistance grants." These grants support a
range of projects to protect our air and water resources - from protecting
wetlands and beaches to preventing radon-related lung cancer. It includes the
Public Water Supervision Program that supports states every year to help enforce
drinking water regulations. For example, Arkansas's Department of Health
received a $947,000 grant for fiscal year 2016 and $180,000 for fiscal year 2017
so far. Ohio's environmental agency has received nearly $500,000 for fiscal year
2017 so far from this one grant program alone.



 The State and Tribal Assistance Grants also form the backbone of the State
Revolving Fund (SRF) programs, the primary source of federal funding for our
water and sewer systems. Every single state relies on funding from these
programs to assist community water and sewer projects - from helping the small
town of Edgerton, Wyo. remove bacteria from its water supply to helping St.
Bernard Parish, La., replace its old, deteriorated water lines.



 Trump's cuts will be devastating for communities across the country, especially
small, rural and disadvantaged communities. Small and rural water systems rely
on federal assistance to keep their water safe. Their customer base is small,
and their systems are spread out and costly, leaving rural water customers with
a heavy financial burden.



 In fact, on the campaign trail Trump promised to triple funding for these water
funding programs. But we are in a new era, one ruled by "alternative facts." In
reality, Trump's agenda aggressively attacks our fundamental resources and key
values. The very safety of our drinking water is at risk.

 Trump's Wall Street Giveaway



 While gutting these vital water funding programs, Trump's team is also
advancing a proposal to let Wall Street take over our public infrastructure.
Trump's policy advisors have outlined a scheme to give massive tax breaks to
Wall Street firms that take over infrastructure projects. It would give Wall
Street a tax credit of $0.82 for every $1 of equity invested into a project.



 This privatization scam will benefit only Wall Street. Widespread privatization
of water systems would lead to large rate hikes, loss of local control, loss of
transparency and accountability, loss of jobs and deterioration of customer
service quality. Water bills would skyrocket to allow Wall Street to profit,
leading to unaffordable bills and more water shutoffs.



 Privatization will not help Flint or other communities address their water
problems. Private investors will not put money into replacing water lines in
low-income cities. They would cherry-pick service areas to avoid cash-strapped
neighborhoods where households can't afford to pay the cost of privatized
service.



 And, despite claims to the contrary, the tax-credit scheme will cost taxpayers
a lot of money. The plan would not pay for itself. Wall Street players would
just shift their investments to infrastructure and not necessarily increase the
amount of money invested in the economy overall. There would be no increased
revenue from income taxes on investor profits.



 Trump's plans amount to a massive windfall for Wall Street, and combined with
his proposed cuts, they endanger our public water systems.

 A National Challenge



 The water crisis in Flint was a stark reminder that our country urgently needs
a major, direct federal investment in our community water and sewer systems.



 According to the latest estimates from the EPA, our water and sewer systems
need at least $697 billion over 20 years to help protect public health and the
environment. Other studies have found that our water needs are even larger. The
American Water Works Association estimates that our drinking water systems need
at least $1.1 trillion over the next 25 years to extend and replace the water
pipes that are reaching the end of their useful life.



 Without renewed federal commitment, cities and towns are left to figure out how
to provide safe water without pricing their residents out of service. This
problem becomes especially complex in this period of widening income inequality
and reliance on regressive water billing practices that disproportionately
burden low-income and working families. The consequences are playing out in
communities across the country, from Detroit to San Diego: widespread water
shutoffs.



 Water affordability is a growing national crisis. A new study out of Michigan
State University found that water bills are already unaffordable for nearly 12
percent of households nationwide. If water rates continue to increase at their
projected pace, bills will become unaffordable for nearly 36 percent of
households nationwide in the next five years. Mississippi, Louisiana and Alabama
have the most communities at risk of unaffordable water bills.

 A Vision Forward



 On Tuesday, Senate Democrats released their own blueprint to rebuild our
country's infrastructure, calling for $110 billion to update our water and sewer
systems. Their plan would expand grant funding and assistance through these
critical water funding programs. They provide a promising vision for water
investment and a stark challenge to Trump's plans to gut water programs and give
massive handouts to Wall Street to privatize our infrastructure.



 Their blueprint recognizes that communities need real direct assistance and
that privatization is the wrong way forward: "Our Blueprint will invest directly
in communities because Democrats know that we can't fix a problem of this
magnitude simply by tolling more highways or privatizing water and sewer system
that profit on ratepayers."



 Congress members should use this plan as a guide to aggressively defend federal
funding for our public water and sewer systems from cuts under the Trump
administration.



 In the long-term, Congress must establish a dedicated, annual source of funding
for local water and sewer systems. We must remove water funding from the
chopping block of federal budget battles. That is the only way we can ensure
safe, affordable water service for current and future generations.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              143 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 26, 2017 Thursday

Washington: Trump Attacks the Safety of Our Drinking Water

LENGTH: 1099  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Food & Water Watch has issued the following news release:



 The Trump administration has declared war on the environment and the safety of
our drinking water. His team put together an aggressive action plan for the EPA,
stripping away public protections and critical resources.





 According to a memo leaked on Monday, Trump's team has proposed cutting $513
million from EPA's "states and tribal assistance grants." These grants support a
range of projects to protect our air and water resources - from protecting
wetlands and beaches to preventing radon-related lung cancer. It includes the
Public Water Supervision Program that supports states every year to help enforce
drinking water regulations. For example, Arkansas's Department of Health
received a $947,000 grant for fiscal year 2016 and $180,000 for fiscal year 2017
so far. Ohio's environmental agency has received nearly $500,000 for fiscal year
2017 so far from this one grant program alone.



 The State and Tribal Assistance Grants also form the backbone of the State
Revolving Fund (SRF) programs, the primary source of federal funding for our
water and sewer systems. Every single state relies on funding from these
programs to assist community water and sewer projects - from helping the small
town of Edgerton, Wyo. remove bacteria from its water supply to helping St.
Bernard Parish, La., replace its old, deteriorated water lines.



 Trump's cuts will be devastating for communities across the country, especially
small, rural and disadvantaged communities. Small and rural water systems rely
on federal assistance to keep their water safe. Their customer base is small,
and their systems are spread out and costly, leaving rural water customers with
a heavy financial burden.



 In fact, on the campaign trail Trump promised to triple funding for these water
funding programs. But we are in a new era, one ruled by "alternative facts." In
reality, Trump's agenda aggressively attacks our fundamental resources and key
values. The very safety of our drinking water is at risk.

 Trump's Wall Street Giveaway



 While gutting these vital water funding programs, Trump's team is also
advancing a proposal to let Wall Street take over our public infrastructure.
Trump's policy advisors have outlined a scheme to give massive tax breaks to
Wall Street firms that take over infrastructure projects. It would give Wall
Street a tax credit of $0.82 for every $1 of equity invested into a project.



 This privatization scam will benefit only Wall Street. Widespread privatization
of water systems would lead to large rate hikes, loss of local control, loss of
transparency and accountability, loss of jobs and deterioration of customer
service quality. Water bills would skyrocket to allow Wall Street to profit,
leading to unaffordable bills and more water shutoffs.



 Privatization will not help Flint or other communities address their water
problems. Private investors will not put money into replacing water lines in
low-income cities. They would cherry-pick service areas to avoid cash-strapped
neighborhoods where households can't afford to pay the cost of privatized
service.



 And, despite claims to the contrary, the tax-credit scheme will cost taxpayers
a lot of money. The plan would not pay for itself. Wall Street players would
just shift their investments to infrastructure and not necessarily increase the
amount of money invested in the economy overall. There would be no increased
revenue from income taxes on investor profits.



 Trump's plans amount to a massive windfall for Wall Street, and combined with
his proposed cuts, they endanger our public water systems.

 A National Challenge



 The water crisis in Flint was a stark reminder that our country urgently needs
a major, direct federal investment in our community water and sewer systems.



 According to the latest estimates from the EPA, our water and sewer systems
need at least $697 billion over 20 years to help protect public health and the
environment. Other studies have found that our water needs are even larger. The
American Water Works Association estimates that our drinking water systems need
at least $1.1 trillion over the next 25 years to extend and replace the water
pipes that are reaching the end of their useful life.



 Without renewed federal commitment, cities and towns are left to figure out how
to provide safe water without pricing their residents out of service. This
problem becomes especially complex in this period of widening income inequality
and reliance on regressive water billing practices that disproportionately
burden low-income and working families. The consequences are playing out in
communities across the country, from Detroit to San Diego: widespread water
shutoffs.



 Water affordability is a growing national crisis. A new study out of Michigan
State University found that water bills are already unaffordable for nearly 12
percent of households nationwide. If water rates continue to increase at their
projected pace, bills will become unaffordable for nearly 36 percent of
households nationwide in the next five years. Mississippi, Louisiana and Alabama
have the most communities at risk of unaffordable water bills.

 A Vision Forward



 On Tuesday, Senate Democrats released their own blueprint to rebuild our
country's infrastructure, calling for $110 billion to update our water and sewer
systems. Their plan would expand grant funding and assistance through these
critical water funding programs. They provide a promising vision for water
investment and a stark challenge to Trump's plans to gut water programs and give
massive handouts to Wall Street to privatize our infrastructure.



 Their blueprint recognizes that communities need real direct assistance and
that privatization is the wrong way forward: "Our Blueprint will invest directly
in communities because Democrats know that we can't fix a problem of this
magnitude simply by tolling more highways or privatizing water and sewer system
that profit on ratepayers."



 Congress members should use this plan as a guide to aggressively defend federal
funding for our public water and sewer systems from cuts under the Trump
administration.



 In the long-term, Congress must establish a dedicated, annual source of funding
for local water and sewer systems. We must remove water funding from the
chopping block of federal budget battles. That is the only way we can ensure
safe, affordable water service for current and future generations.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              144 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                The Jordan Times

                            April 20, 2016 Wednesday

'MCA-Jordan's water projects in Zarqa to be all ready this summer'

LENGTH: 549  words


By Hana Namrouqa  - Apr 20,2016 - Last updated at Apr 20,2016

AMMAN -- Water and wastewater projects implemented under the $275-million grant
from the US Millennium Challenge Corporation (MCC) are scheduled to be completed
this summer, Millennium Challenge Account-Jordan (MCA-Jordan) CEO Kamal Zoubi
said Wednesday.

"Our target is to complete all of the projects by July 31... and to use the
financial savings we have managed to achieve to implement additional projects in
Zarqa to further improve water and wastewater services," Zoubi said.

During a meeting with the press to announce the progress of water and wastewater
projects, the CEO highlighted that an ongoing scheme to establish and furbish a
new building for the Jordan Water Company (Miyahuna) which manages water and
wastewater services in Zarqa, is the only project that will be completed beyond
July.

The scheme, which is scheduled to end in September, was proposed in light of the
financial savings the company has managed to achieve by cutting down its
administrative expenditure, Zoubi noted.

Established in 2010, MCA-Jordan is a company fully owned by the government to
manage and implement the MCC's grant, which was extended to Jordan in October
2010 to renovate and extend water networks in Zarqa Governorate.

The grant went into effect in December 2011, while all of the projects to be
implemented under it should be completed before the end of this year.

MCA-Jordan is implementing three main projects under the grant in Zarqa
Governorate, some 22km east of Amman, where around 1.4 million people live
according to the 2015 population census.

The projects include the rehabilitation and expansion of the wastewater network,
the rehabilitation and restructuring of water networks and the expansion of the
As Samra Wastewater Treatment Plant.

The grant also covers a project to improve household water systems and decrease
domestic water costs.

The project to expand As Samra Wastewater Treatment Plant was completed and
started operation last October, while the wastewater project under which the
company was planning to extend 169km of sewage pipelines was also completed,
according to Zoubi.

Also in light of the financial savings, the company decided to increase the
length to 230km of sewage pipelines and then to 300km just recently, he added.

"Extending new wastewater pipes to link more people to the service is vital;
therefore, the company is using the financial savings to cover more areas,"
Zoubi noted.

He underscored that linking one household to the sewage network costs
$15,000-$16,000.

Meanwhile, construction on the water projects has also been completed, according
to Zoubi, who noted that contractors are now in the process of cancelling the
old water networks to ensure the supply is pumped through the newly extended
network.

The company has extended new pipelines in 60 per cent of Zarqa, Ruseifa and
Hashemiyeh, the CEO said, noting that new water projects were later announced to
serve the remaining 40 per cent of the three areas.

"Once the projects are completed, water loss in Zarqa should drop from the
current figure of more than 650 per cent to less than 35 per cent," he noted.

Official figures indicate that there are 150,000 water subscribers in Zarqa, 70
per cent of whom are linked to the sewage network.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 62


                        Copyright 2016 The Jordan Times.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              145 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 16, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA); Correction

LENGTH: 443 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utilities Service Notice of Solicitation of
Applications (NOSA); Correction AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA.

ACTION: Notice; correction.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) published in the Federal Register, on March 9,
2016 a Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA), announcing the Household
Water Well System Grant Program application window for fiscal year (FY) 2016.
Inadvertently, an incorrect web link was included in the NOSA that did not
permit access to the intended Web site. This document removes the incorrect web
reference and replaces it with the correct version. DATES: Effective on March
16, 2016. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Derek Jones, Community Programs
Specialist, Water and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities Service, Rural
Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture, STOP 1570, Room 2234-S, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570, Telephone: (202) 720-9640,
fax: (202) 690-0649, email: derek.jones@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) published in the Federal Register on March 9,
2016, at 81 FR 12451, a Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA), for its
Household Water Well System Grant Program application window for fiscal year
(FY) 2016. Inadvertently, an incorrect web link was included in the NOSA that
did not permit access to the intended Web site. This document removes all
references to the incorrect web link published on March 9, 2016 and replaces it
with the correct web reference. In the Notice of Solicitation of Applications
(NOSA) FR Doc. 2016- 05170 published on March 9, 2016, at 81 FR 12451, make the
following correction. Remove ``rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-individualwellsystems'' and
add in its place ``http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/household-water
-well-system-grants'' on the following pages: Page 12451, second column,
ADDRESSES: 1. Electronic copies: Page 12453, second column, IV. Application and
Submission Information, A. Where To Get Application Information, 1. Internet for
electronic copies; Page 12454, column one, (14) Assurances and certifications of
compliance with other Federal Statutes; and, Page 12457, [[Page 14085]] column
2, VII Agency Contacts, A. Web site. Dated: March 10, 2016. Brandon McBride,
Administrator, Rural Utilities Service. [FR Doc. 2016-05926 Filed 3-15-16; 8:45
am] BILLING CODE P





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              146 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                              July 22, 2013 Monday

EBRD to provide finance for water supply improvements in Armenian city

SECTION: REGULATORY AND POLICY; Water Supply

LENGTH: 257 words



HIGHLIGHT: The Republic of Armenia is to receive a sovereign loan of
[#x20ac]5.4m from the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) to
improve water supply for the 1.1 million inhabitants of the nation's capital
Yerevan.


The Republic of Armenia is to receive a sovereign loan of [#x20ac]5.4m from the
European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) to improve water supply
for the 1.1 million inhabitants of the nation's capital Yerevan.

The project will be implemented by the water infrastructure operator in the
city, Yerevan Djur CJSC, which is 100% owned by France-based Veolia
Environnement.

Yerevan Djur will also reduce water losses by rehabilitating the water
distribution network sections that are in bad condition as well as replacing
supply pipes.

They will also install new water meters for households in order to support the
upgrades to the city's water network.

The investments will lower operational costs and improve the reliability of
tariff collection and 24-hour supply in all targeted districts.

The European Investment Bank (EIB) is also considering a loan equivalent to
[#x20ac]5.4m, and the European Union (EU) will provide grant funds of
[#x20ac]5.5m through its Neighbourhood Investment Facility (NIF).

A [#x20ac]200,000 pre-investment technical cooperation grant from the government
of the Czech Republic will also provide support during the planning stages of
the project.

The EBRD Water Fund and the ETC Fund will each provide [#x20ac]200,000 grants
for project implementation.

EBRD president Suma Chakrabarti said: "This project is important for the city of
Yerevan. Reliable water supply is a fundamental need for households."

Image: Yerevan will install new water metres for households to support upgrades
to the city's water network. Photo: courtesy of Utilitysupplies.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              147 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Post

                            March 10, 2011 Thursday

Japan grants Rs 8.6 m for improving water supply

BYLINE:  F.P. Report

SECTION: Vol. II No. 447

LENGTH: 343  words


The Government of Japan has provided grant assistance of US $103,713 (approx.
Rs. 8.6 million) to the ASTAFADA, a non-governmental organization, for the
Improvement of Water Supply and Sanitation System in Muzaffarabad, AJK. The
agreement for the project was signed here on Wednesday, at the Japanese
Ambassador's residence, between Chihiro Atsumi, Ambassador of Japan to Pakistan
and Muti-ur-Rehman, President of the ASTAFADA, said a statement issued by the
Embassy of Japan here on Wednesday.

According to the agreement, the grant will be utilized for laying down the
pipelines and constructing four water tanks with ten distribution points to
supply safe drinking water to the project area that was badly affected in the
2005 earthquake. The project will also provide sanitation facilities for schools
and other public places to improve the hygiene conditions. Awareness raising
activities will also be conducted to enhance the impact of sanitation.

Through this project, 380 households (around 2,400 individuals) will be supplied
water to their door steps, while around 3,200 additional people from surrounding
villages will access water from different distribution points. Inhabitants of
this locality have faced difficulty accessing clean drinking water. This project
will mainly benefit women and young girls of the locality, who have had to
travel distance to fetch water, in order to fulfil everyday household needs, and
will relieve them from this burden.

Furthermore, this project will improve the health environment by preventing
people from contracting water borne diseases caused by contaminated water. At
the signing ceremony, Ambassador Atsumi stressed that improving the water supply
system and sanitation was one of the priority areas in Japan's assistance policy
towards Pakistan. He expressed that this project would help in improving the
fundamental living standards of the people in Muzaffarabad. He also hoped that
the current project would certainly strengthen the existing friendly relations
between the peoples of Japan and Pakistan.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              148 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday
                                 METRO EDITION

Water plant cost roils St. Francis

BYLINE: SHANNON PRATHER; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 726 words



HIGHLIGHT: Project could cost 2,000 households $24 million to replace outdated
facility.


St. Francis' failing wastewater treatment plant may be on the northern edge of
Anoka County, but it's everyone's problem, city leaders say.

That's because the elevated nitrates, phosphorus, ammonia, organics and solids
from the flagging 1970s-era facility are dumped into a drainage field and
tributary of the Mississippi River, just upstream from the city of Minneapolis'
water intake.

Construction has already started on a new wastewater plant that was launched
after the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency (MPCA) found repeated violations.
But city officials say the plant's $24 million cost could sink the 2,000 mostly
working-class households expected to pay for it.

As Gov. Mark Dayton vows to tackle Minnesota's mounting water crisis, St.
Francis leaders are asking state legislators for help.

Monthly water and sewer bills are expected to climb from $73 to $123 a month,
according to the city. That's a substantial hike for an exurban community with a
median household income of $45,000.

"We really don't have a choice. We have to have clean water," said Mayor Steve
Kane. "We don't have a wealthy community. The income level is low out there. A
lot of people are struggling."

The cost of the new facility has roiled the community, with overflow crowds at
meetings attesting to the concern.

St. Francis is eligible for a $3 million state grant for the plant, and the
Minnesota Public Facilities Authority has agreed to loan the city the remaining
$21 million

with interest between 1 and 2 percent, depending on other financing factors.

Still, state officials who work with cities across Minnesota on these projects
acknowledge that little St. Francis is in a tough spot. They've agreed to hold
off finalizing the loan to see if the city can secure as much as $4 million in
additional state funding this year through the Wastewater Infrastructure Fund.

Given the size of the community, said Becky Sabie, program coordinator with the
Minnesota Public Facilities Authority, "this one project is particularly
expensive. ... We are trying to work with them to find different ways to find
grants."

St. Francis leaders are hopeful that legislators, who have said they want to
improve Minnesota's waters, will make sure the city gets the additional $4
million in grant dollars and possibly more.

"It's a regional issue for sure," said City Administrator Joe Kohlmann. "A
million dollars in a community our size is extremely substantial."

Funding doesn't meet need

In January, Dayton announced a mix of $167 million in loans and grants to
modernize Minnesota's aging wastewater and drinking water infrastructure.

"The governor's program would give St. Francis significantly more grant money
than the $3 million," said Jeff Freeman, executive director of the Public
Facilities Authority.

Last year, state grant and loan programs poured $119 million into waste and
stormwater projects for nearly 30 outstate cities and the Metropolitan Council,
Freeman said. But it's just a drop in the bucket, given the demand.

"Right now, we've got 293 projects asking for $1.4 billion currently for
wastewater and stormwater projects" over the next five years, said Bill Dunn,
coordinator of the MPCA's clean-water revolving fund. Projects are ranked by
environmental and public-health criteria.

"There is a lot of need," Dunn said. "Not everyone gets state funding."

St. Francis operates one of about 1,000 wastewater treatment facilities in the
state, according to the MPCA. The Met Council operates eight that handle
wastewater for most of the Twin Cities area, but St. Francis is just outside its
coverage area.

"There are a lot of exurban communities their size that own and operate
treatment facilities on their own," said Steve Weiss, a supervisor with MPCA.
"They have tried to do their best with what they've got there."

Weiss said that many smaller wastewater projects were built in the 1970s and
'80s and that they need to be upgraded or replaced to meet pollutant limits. The
MPCA issues permits to those facilities and reviews them every five years.

Weiss said that some level of treatment is occurring at the St. Francis facility
but that "some of the most basic limits, they are not able to meet." Projects
like this one simply can't wait, he added.

"In many cases, it can be a human health problem if facilities are not fixed or
maintained," Weiss said.

Shannon Prather · 612-673-4804

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              149 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           November 18, 2014 Tuesday

Using renewable energy to enhance access to clean and affordable water supplies
in Kajiado

LENGTH: 363  words


Area Of Work: Climate Change Mitigation
Operational Phase: Phase 5
Grant Amount: US$ 44,029.00
Co-Financing Cash: US$ 15,482.21
Co-Financing in-Kind:US$ 54,408.22
Status:Currently under execution
Description : Mainyoito Pastrolists Integrated Development Organization (MPIDO)
has been working with the community to enhance access to clean and affordable
water resources.


MPIDO has been building the capacity of the community to ensure they benefit
from the borehole for their domestic and livestock watering. With the escalating
fuel prices, the cost of water is becoming expensive hence denying many
households access to this essential commodity which might be a source of
conflict in future. Many people cover long distances to water their livestock
thus not able to address any other socio economic activity. It is against this
background that MPIDO in partnership with the community has been exploring the
option of using solar water pumping system to replace the diesel generator as
well as pump the water to higher level where it can flow by gravity to two other
locations where they can build watering points for households that cover long
distances to access water.
The main objective of the project is to enhance access to sustainable, clean and
affordable water supply using renewable energy technologies in Kajiado County of
Rift Valley province. The project will seek to achieve the following specific
objectives:-
To replace the existing Diesel pumping system with a sustainable energy system (
Solar water pumping system
To reduce cost of water, distance covered by the Oloontana community and
ecosystem damage by livestock through building of two new water points.
To engender sustainability water access through project replication, linkages
Grantee: Mainyoito Pastoralists Integrated Development Organization (MPIDO)
Grantee Contact
MR. JOSEPH OLE SIMEL
Address : P.O. Box 226
00206
Project completion date : 2015-05-31 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : UNDP, P.O. Box 30218
Nairobi, 00100

Country :Kenya
Email : nancy.chege@undp.org, mary.mbaabu@undp.org

Financier : Global Environment Facility Small Grants Programme (SGP),

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              150 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Herald Express (Torquay)

                           December 13, 2012 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Homes set for renewable energy sources thanks to £70,000 grant

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 349 words


MORE than 30 Totnes homes will be fitted with renewable energy sources thanks to
a £70,000 grant.

Transition Town Totnes won its bid for money towards renewable energy
installations in 33 local homes.

The grants, which add up to £69,700, will help local people cover the up-front
costs of installing solar thermal water heating systems, air and ground source
heat pumps and biomass boilers.

TTT selected Chris Rudge Renewables to carry out the work.

Mary Popham, who organised the grant application on behalf of environmental
group, said: "We are really pleased these grants will enable local people to
install renewable heat systems. "All of the households involved are off the gas
system so dependent on oil, coal and electricity for heating and hot water. "Not
only is this expensive but these sources of energy are also the most polluting."

TTT is one of 38 community groups in England and Wales which successfully bid
for funds totalling around £3million towards the installation of renewable heat
technologies.

Earlier this year the group secured another community energy grant for £55,000
for an energy efficient refurbishment of the Dartington Village Hall.

Mrs Popham said the company had offered the best value for money and had a good
reputation in the area.

The grants are towards the installation of 23 solar thermal systems, 13 biomass
boilers, three air source heat pumps and one ground source heat pump and will
cover between 25 per cent and 30 per cent of total installations costs.

The total cost of the installations is around £225,000 with around 70 per cent
being paid by homeowners. The Renewable Heat Incentive, which is likely to be
introduced next summer, will provide 'tariff ' payments for heat generated in
the same way that the 'feed-in tariff ' for solar PV currently pays
householders. Anyone in the Totnes area who is interested in potentially
installing a renewable heat system, should contact Mary Popham on 07815 799996
or marypopham@btinternet.com

'All of the households involved are off the gas system so dependent on oil, coal
and electricity for heating and hot water'

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HET


                         Copyright 2012 Herald Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              151 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                             August 5, 2011, Friday

American Water drops proposed expansion;
Project would have supplied clean water to 145 households

BYLINE: PAUL FALLON, DAILY MAIL STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1A

LENGTH: 930 words


For about 15 years, Gary Vance has been trying to get city-style water to his
home on Leatherwood Road near Clendenin.

What comes from the tap is not drinkable, so Vance has to purchase water for his
family. For years, he circulated petitions trying to get the water company to
extend lines half a mile to his home.

Some time ago, he was told that he and his neighbors would soon have water, and
he thought this time it was a done deal.

But on Thursday, he found out that the deal had fallen through when West
Virginia American Water Company backed out of a $3.5 million extension project
that could have potentially supplied water to 145 households in the
Leatherwood/Reamer area.

"This just sucks, man," he said.

Vance, 53, not only has to purchase water for drinking and cooking, but also has
a purifier on his well so he and his family can shower and wash clothes. He says
the water contains iron and has a strong sulfur smell.

"All the water up this hollow is filthy," he said.

Colt Sandoro, project manager for the Kanawha County Commission, agreed. He said
the water in the Leatherwood Road/ Reamer area was not fit to drink and most of
the wells contain E coli.

"I have a water sample from that area that has what I suspect to be human feces
floating in it," Sandoro said.

Judy Newhouse of Skyview Lane near Leatherwood Road said that her water is so
bad she cannot let her dog drink it. She also claimed that her neighbor has blue
water.

"I almost throw up when I brush my teeth the odor is so bad," she said.

West Virginia American Water cited an inability to attract investment capital
for public/private partnerships such as the Leatherwood/Reamer extension as a
reason for backing out of the project.

The company previously agreed to provide $140,000 in cash as well as pay the
West Virginia Municipal Bond Board around $1.17 million over 30 years to extend
the water lines to the households, Sandoro said.

The county commission allocated about $350,000 in taxpayer dollars toward the
project.

The county had also applied for a $1.5 million federal grant to help fund the
project, Commission President Kent Carper said. Although the West Virginia
Economic Development Office, the state agency administering the federal grant,
was still reviewing the application, Sandoro believed that it would have been
approved.

Now, Carper thinks that money is gone and the project is dead in the water.

However, on Thursday, Carper sent a letter to the West Virginia Economic
Development Office asking what the pullout by the water company will do to the
funding.

Laura Jordan, external affairs manager for West Virginia American Water, said
the company cannot afford to provide the funds given its current "financial
situation." The company has taken drastic measures over the past few months in
an attempt to improve its dire financial straits, she said.

One measure was an attempt to reduce its state workforce by 10 percent, equaling
a loss of 31 jobs. The West Virginia Public Service Commission is reviewing this
workforce reduction and should issue an order on the matter after Sept. 8,
Jordan said.

The company has also reduced its capital budget by $5 million for the current
fiscal year. This means that projects such as the Leatherwood/Reamer extension
have fallen to the wayside.

"We know it's not going to be a popular decision," Jordan said. "But the company
doesn't have the capital for projects like this at this time."

Jordan pointed out that the company basically would have had to invest about
$25,000 per household to undertake the Leatherwood/Reamer project.

Carper accused the water company of retaliating for the recent Public Service
Commission's denial of a 13.3 percent rate hike request. The state agency
granted the company a 4.4 percent rate increase instead.

"This happened because the company CEO is mad at the PSC because he didn't get
the amount of profit he wanted to ring out of the state," Carper said.

"They're acting like petulant children."

Jordan said the Public Service Commission's decision not to grant the full rate
increase played a role in the company's overall financial problems.

"And that was one of the reasons we had to look at reducing our labor expense
and our capital budget," she said.

The company was asking to be able to recoup $15.6 million in expenses annually.
But the Public Service Commission's decision to grant the 4.4 percent increase
means the company will be able to recoup $5.1 million of expenses annually.

The 4.4 percent rate increase raised the average monthly bill for a household
using 3,554 gallons of water per month from $39.65 to $41.41, Jordan said.

Carper said he found it difficult for the water company to justify rate increase
requests when their system has had so many problems lately. He pointed to the
recent water outage in Charleston's West Side as well as a water main break in
the Cross Lanes area over the weekend to prove his point.

Jordan countered, saying that the company needs the additional revenue to
improve its current water treatment facilities and distribution system.

"Our continued focus at this current time must be getting our financial
situation in order so we can continue making these necessary infrastructure
investments," she said.

Jordan also said that over the past 20 years, West Virginia American Water has
partnered with the Kanawha County Commission on projects that provided water to
around 5,100 households.

"And we're certainly willing to work with the commission to help them identify
funding for this project," she said.

Contact writer Paul Fallon at paul.fallon@dailymail.com or 304-348-4817.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Charleston Newspapers


                              152 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Coal Valley News, Madison, W.Va.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 13, 2011 Tuesday

GOVERNOR TOMBLIN PRESENTS SMALL CITIES BLOCK GRANTS FOR 23 PROJECTS

BYLINE: Fred Pace, Coal Valley News, Madison, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 314 words


Dec. 13--CHARLESTON -- Governor Earl Ray Tomblin released over $15 million in
Small Cities Block Grant funds for 23 critical infrastructure projects. Over $64
million in other federal, state, and local funds will be leveraged to complete
these projects.

Boone County received $200,000 for a $2.1 million project that will extend water
service to the Mud River Cox's Fork area. Approximately 129 new households will
benefit from this project.

Overall, these projects will serve approximately 27,300 citizens, of which over
15,800 will be low- and moderate-income persons or 58 percent of the overall
population. Over 5,800 households in these communities will receive improved or
new service as a result of these investments.

"I am committed to assisting the citizens of West Virginia in improving their
quality of life and believe these projects, funded with Small Cities Block Grant
funds, will assist us in this effort," Gov. Tomblin said. "In order to provide
for economic development, a suitable living environment, and adequate housing
there must be a strong local commitment to these types of community development
projects that provide access to clean, adequate water and reliable sewer
facilities. By working together we can promote future economic development and
make West Virginia a better place to live."

Other grants included:

LINCOLN COUNTY COMMISSION -- $500,000

This $6.2 million project will assist the Lincoln County Commission in providing
water service to approximately 240 households in the Big Harts area of Lincoln
County.

LOGAN COUNTY COMMISSION -- $1,100,000

This $4.9 million project will assist Logan County in completing Phase III-A of
their wastewater project that will benefit approximately 292 households.

___ (c)2011 the Coal Valley News (Madison, W.Va.) Visit the Coal Valley News
(Madison, W.Va.) at www.coalvalleynews.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111213-1WV-GOVERNOR-TOMBLIN-PRESENTS-SMALL-CITIES-BLOCK-GRANTS
-FOR-23-PROJECTS-1213-20111213

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1WV


                                 Copyright 2011


                              153 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            January 8, 2008 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

North River Area To Get Reclaimed Water

BYLINE: CHRISTIAN M. WADE, The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: PASCO; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 656 words


SWIFTMUD, CITY TO SPLIT $2.3 MILLION PROJECT COST

By CHRISTIAN M. WADE

The Tampa Tribune

NEW PORT RICHEY - Residents of the North River neighborhood like their lawns.

There are 483 households in the affluent riverfront quarter and, according to
city figures, residents there use more than 109,000 gallons of water a day to
keep the grass green.

So it comes as no surprise that the neighborhood will be next in line to tap
into the city's reclaimed water system, part of a long-term, multimillion-dollar
conservation effort.

The cost of the $2.3 million project will be split between the city and the
Southwest Florida Water Management District, which last week approved a matching
grant.

The city will pay its half through its stormwater reserve fund.

"We're just waiting for the formal agreement," said interim City Manager Tom
O'Neill. "It's a tremendous opportunity for us and a lot of people in the
neighborhood want it."

O'Neill said the city is expected to receive the bulk of the grant, or $700,000,
this year and the rest of it next year. Work on the project could begin this
summer.

City planners say they chose North River because residents expressed strong
interest in participating in a reclaimed water project. It would provide more
than 217,000 gallons a day to that area.

O'Neill said a requirement of the state grant is that the city get a commitment
from at least 50 percent of the utility customers in the neighborhood to use the
new system.

"If we don't get that, the system is not going to pay for itself," he said.

Eventually, city officials hope to hook up the entire city.

For several years, city officials quietly have been tying new customers into the
reclaimed system, targeting areas where the demand is strong.

Hundreds of residents in the Jasmine Hills and Woodridge Estates subdivisions
and east Grand Boulevard now use reclaimed water from New Port Richey's
wastewater treatment plant.

Most of the city's public parks, downtown streetscaping, and median flowers and
trees are irrigated weekly with reclaimed water. The water also is provided to
several public schools within the city limits and to keep the Magnolia Valley
Golf Course irrigated.

City officials laud the results of these pilot projects, saying the
neighborhoods served boast some of the finest lawns in the city.

New Port Richey buys more than 85 percent of its drinking water from Tampa Bay
Water, the regional provider, and city officials say they have an ample supply.

Still, as in many other municipalities, officials here are concerned about the
state's growing consumption, which has strained reserves.

Last year, the city council reduced lawn watering to one day a week.

Countywide, several reclaimed water projects are in the works.

Since 1990, Pasco has used wastewater for irrigation. Officials say the county
now serves 10,000 customers, pumping about 11 million gallons of reclaimed water
in 2005, the most recent year for which figures are available.

Every drop of the nearly 20 million gallons produced daily typically is used,
county officials have estimated. But the cost is high: It takes about six
households to make enough reclaimed water to serve one household.

In the past 20 years, Swiftmud planners have partially funded at least 275
reclaimed water projects in the district, which spans 17 counties along the west
coast of Florida, from Levy to Charlotte. That translates into more than 200
million gallons a day.

Statewide, less than 1 percent of the drinking water from wellfields and
reservoirs is consumed by Floridians. Most of it is used for lawns, crop
irrigation and other uses.

"Our goal is to supply an alternative water source so people aren't using
potable water on their lawns or for crop irrigation," Swiftmud spokeswoman Robyn
Hanke said.

Reporter Christian M. Wade can be reached at (727) 815-1082 or
cwade@tampatrib.com

Copyright © 2008, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              154 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday
                                   E1 Edition

Cost of water, electricity to rise

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 623 words


SOUTH Africans will have to continue |digging deeper into their pockets to pay
for basic services like water and electricity, the cost of which will continue
to increase above inflation.

Provinces and municipalities will also feel the effects of providing these
services, as the cost involved will outstrip what the Treasury is able to dole
out to them.

Yesterday, Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan revealed that local governments will
only be receiving 9.1 percent of available government revenue over the next
three years, and will face tough fiscal choices.

Their equitable share allocation from government will be slashed by R300 million
in 2016/17.

Gordhan said the cuts were necessitated by the government's need to reprioritise
its spending and to get budget growth back on track. "Municipalities can offset
these trends by improving their own revenue collection, increasing efficiency
and obtaining greater value for the money they spend," says the Budget Review.

The government will also be be scaling back on direct transfers to local
government for infrastructure over the next three years.

To address its spending needs, the |country's municipalities will be receiving
R67.5 billion in equitable share and infrastructure grants, R52.1bn for human
settlements, water and electrification, R40.7bn |for public transport and
R22.3bn for |other human settlements and municipal infrastructure.

The government said municipalities would be able to offset the budget cuts
through reducing under-expenditure, which averaged 9 percent in 2014/15.

Rural municipalities will bear the major brunt of the budgetary cuts, relying on
Treasury for about 80 percent of their funding. Metropolitan municipalities like
Cape Town, Johannesburg, eThekwini and Tshwane, derive only 19 percent of their
income from national government.

Electricity is expected to go up another |8 percent this year, and annually
until 2018, but the equitable share allocation intended to help municipalities
cope with the annual tariff increase does not compensate for any additional
increases after the budget is tabled.

During 2016/17, municipalities will receive a subsidy of R335 per household per
month to provide free basic services to 9.2 million poor households.

In 2013, the Non-Financial Census of Municipalities found that 5.3 million
households were receiving these services, and the government says this shortfall
must be addressed.

As part of new measures to ensure municipalities spend as planned and deliver to
ratepayers, secondary cities will have to prove how infrastructure investments
will contribute to doing away with apartheid spatial plans.

A new formula will also be used to |calculate allocations for public transport
in 13 cities. Treasury says the previous system incentivised cities to plan
overly expensive systems in the hope of receiving more funding. The government
will also be empowering municipalities to implement water and sanitation
projects by shifting R11bn from indirect to direct allocations.

The number of water and sanitation grants will be reduced from four to two - a
regional bulk infrastructure grant and a water services infrastructure grant, to
construct and refurbish reticulation schemes.

After this year's local government elections, a number of municipalities will be
absorbed by other municipalities, as the government reduces the number from 278
to 257. The most significant demarcations since 2000, municipalities in the
Western Cape won't be affected.

The Budget Review says the mergers are expected to reduce administration costs
and free up resources for service delivery.

The municipal systems improvement grant has been reconfigured as an indirect
grant from 2016/17 to help struggling municipalities with revenue collection.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              155 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 28, 2013 Saturday

Minnesota: SF 613

LENGTH: 1702  words

DATELINE: Saint Paul


Office of the Minnesota House of Representatives has issued the following bill:

A bill for an act
1.2relating to the Public Facilities Authority; reorganizing certain grant
programs;
1.3providing for small community wastewater treatment grants;amending
1.4Minnesota Statutes 2012, sections 446A.073, subdivisions 1, 3, 4; 446A.075,
1.5subdivisions 1a, 2, 5; repealing Minnesota Statutes 2012, sections 446A.051,
1.6subdivision 2; 446A.074.
1.7BE IT ENACTED BY THE LEGISLATURE OF THE STATE OF MINNESOTA:

1.8    Section 1. Minnesota Statutes 2012, section 446A.073, subdivision 1, is
amended to
1.9read:
1.10    Subdivision 1. Program established. When money is appropriated for
grants under
1.11this program, the authority must make shall award grants up to a maximum of
$3,000,000
1.12to governmental units to cover up to one-half the cost of wastewater
treatment or storm
1.13water projects made necessary by:
1.14(1) a wasteload reductions reduction prescribed under a total maximum daily
load
1.15plans plan required by section 303(d) of the federal Clean Water Act, United
States Code,
1.16title 33, section 1313(d).;
1.17(2) a phosphorus concentration or mass limit which requires discharging one
1.18milligram per liter or less at permitted design flow which is incorporated
into a permit
1.19issued by the Pollution Control Agency;
1.20(3) any other water quality-based effluent limit established under section
115.03,
1.21subdivision 1, paragraph (e), clause (8), and incorporated into a permit
issued by the
1.22Pollution Control Agency that exceeds secondary treatment limits; or
1.23(4) a total nitrogen limit of ten milligrams per liter or less for a
land-based treatment
1.24system.

2.1    Sec. 2. Minnesota Statutes 2012, section 446A.073, subdivision 3, is
amended to read:
2.2    Subd. 3. Project priorities. When money is appropriated for grants under
this
2.3program, the authority shall accept applications during the month of July and
reserve
2.4money for projects expected to proceed with construction by the end of the
fiscal year in
2.5the order listed on the Pollution Control Agency's project priority list,
provided the project
2.6is included in a total maximum daily load plan that has been approved by the
United
2.7States Environmental Protection Agency at the time the appropriation became
law and in
2.8an amount based on the cost estimate submitted to the authority in the grant
application or
2.9the as-bid costs, whichever is less.

2.10    Sec. 3. Minnesota Statutes 2012, section 446A.073, subdivision 4, is
amended to read:
2.11    Subd. 4. Grant approval. The authority must make a grant to a
governmental unit,
2.12as defined in section 116.182, subdivision 1, for an eligible project only
after:
2.13(1) the commissioner of the Pollution Control Agency has certified to the
United
2.14States Environmental Protection Agency a total maximum daily load plan for
identified
2.15waters of this state that includes a point source wasteload allocation;
2.16(2) the Environmental Protection Agency has approved the plan;
2.17(3) a governmental unit affected by the plan (1) the applicant has submitted
the
2.18as-bid cost for the wastewater treatment or storm water projects necessary
to comply with
2.19the point source wasteload allocation project;
2.20(4) (2) the Pollution Control Agency has approved the as-bid costs and
certified the
2.21grant eligible portion of the project; and
2.22(5) (3) the authority has determined that the additional financing necessary
to
2.23complete the project has been committed from other sources.

2.24    Sec. 4. Minnesota Statutes 2012, section 446A.075, subdivision 1a, is
amended to read:
2.25    Subd. 1a. Technical assistance grants. If requested, and if it is an
eligible use
2.26of funds, the authority may provide technical assistance grants to
governmental units
2.27seeking to address noncomplying subsurface sewage treatment systems. A grant
under
2.28this subdivision must not exceed $10,000 $20,000 plus $500 $1,000 per
household, for
2.29a maximum total of $40,000 $60,000. Technical assistance grant funds may be
used
2.30by the a county recipient to pay its qualified staff for services listed in
clauses (1) to
2.31(3) or by a governmental unit to contract with a licensed subsurface sewage
treatment
2.32system business, county, the University of Minnesota on-site sewage
treatment program, a
2.33regional development commission, or other qualified nonprofit organization
for one or
2.34more of the following services:
3.1(1) conduct site evaluations and prepare a report by a certified subsurface
sewage
3.2treatment system designer indicating the feasibility of installing new
subsurface sewage
3.3treatment systems meeting the requirements of section 115.55;
3.4(2) provide independent advice on the feasibility of subsurface sewage
treatment
3.5system alternatives; and
3.6(3) assist the governmental unit to develop the technical, managerial, and
financial
3.7capacity necessary to build, operate, and maintain subsurface sewage
treatment systems.

3.8    Sec. 5. Minnesota Statutes 2012, section 446A.075, subdivision 2, is
amended to read:
3.9    Subd. 2. Construction loans and grants. (a) The authority may award loans
and
3.10grants as provided in this subdivision to governmental units from the small
community
3.11wastewater treatment account for projects to replace noncomplying subsurface
sewage
3.12treatment systems with a subsurface sewage treatment system or systems
meeting the
3.13requirements of section 115.55 or a land-based treatment system with a state
disposal
3.14system permit. A governmental unit receiving a loan or grant from the
account shall own
3.15the subsurface sewage treatment systems built under the program and shall be
responsible,
3.16either directly or through a contract with a private vendor, for all
inspections, maintenance,
3.17and repairs necessary to ensure proper operation of the systems.
3.18    (b) Loans as provided in subdivision 6 may be awarded for up to 100
percent
3.19of eligible project costs as described in this section minus any grants
awarded under
3.20paragraph (c) or from other sources.
3.21    (c) When the area to be served by a project has a median household
income below
3.22the state average median household income, the governmental unit may receive
50 percent
3.23of the funding provided under this subdivision in the form of a grant. An
applicant may
3.24submit income survey data collected by an independent party if it believes
the most recent
3.25United States census does not accurately reflect the median household income
of the area
3.26to be served. The authority may award a grant to a project if the estimated
average annual
3.27residential wastewater system cost after completion of the project would
otherwise exceed
3.281.4 percent of the median household income of the project service area. In
determining the
3.29estimated average annual residential wastewater system cost, the authority
must consider
3.30the total costs associated with building, operating, and maintaining the
wastewater system
3.31including debt service. The amount of the grant shall be 80 percent of the
amount
3.32needed to reduce the average annual residential wastewater system cost to
1.4 percent of
3.33the median household income, but not to exceed 80 percent of the eligible
project cost
3.34minus any other grants.

4.1    Sec. 6. Minnesota Statutes 2012, section 446A.075, subdivision 5, is
amended to read:
4.2    Subd. 5. Awards. (a) The authority must award loans and grants as
provided in this
4.3section to governmental units with approved applications based on their
ranking on the
4.4Pollution Control Agency's project priority list.
4.5(b) Except as provided in paragraph (c), prior to the award of construction
loans or
4.6grants under subdivision 2, paragraph (b), the Pollution Control Agency shall
certify
4.7that the subsurface sewage land-based treatment systems to be built appear to
meet are
4.8designed according to the criteria set forth in section 115.55 and rules of
the Pollution
4.9Control Agency.
4.10(c) If a governmental unit receives preliminary approval by the Pollution
Control
4.11Agency of its feasibility report prepared under subdivision 1a, clause (1),
the authority
4.12may make a partial construction award for eligible design costs.
4.13(d) The total amount awarded for a construction loans and grants project
under
4.14subdivision 2, paragraph (b), shall be based on the estimated project costs
for the portion
4.15of the project expected to be completed within one year, up to an annual
maximum of
4.16$500,000. For projects expected to take more than one year to complete, the
authority
4.17may make a multiyear commitment for a period not to exceed three years,
contingent on
4.18the future availability of funds. Each year of a multiyear commitment must
be funded
4.19by a separate loan or loan and grant agreement meeting the terms and
conditions in
4.20subdivision 6. A governmental unit receiving a loan or loan and grant under
a multiyear
4.21commitment shall have priority for additional loan and grant funds in
subsequent years
4.22 must not exceed $2,000,000.

4.23    Sec. 7. WASTEWATER INFRASTRUCTURE FUNDING; CONVERSION OF
4.24CERTAIN LOANS TO GRANTS.
4.25For supplemental assistance provided under its wastewater infrastructure
funding
4.26program in the form of a loan, the public facilities authority may convert
the loan to a
4.27grant to the extent that the authority determines that the governmental unit
would have
4.28met, at the time the loan was made, the criteria in Minnesota Statutes 2012,
section
4.29446A.072, subdivision 5a, paragraph (b). If a loan is converted to a grant
only in part,
4.30then, notwithstanding section 446A.072, subdivision 7, the authority may
determine the
4.31manner in which the repayment schedule for the loan is to be adjusted.

4.32    Sec. 8. INSTRUCTIONS TO REVISOR.
4.33(a) In Minnesota Statutes, the revisor shall remove references to the
sections
4.34repealed in section 9.
5.1(b) In Minnesota Statutes, the revisor shall change the headnote to section
446A.073
5.2to "Point Source Implementation Grants."

5.3    Sec. 9. REPEALER.
5.4Minnesota Statutes 2012, sections 446A.051, subdivision 2; and 446A.074, are
5.5repealed.

For further information please visit: https://www.revisor.mn.gov/

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              156 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 26, 2013 Thursday

Minnesota: SF 613

LENGTH: 1702  words

DATELINE: Saint Paul


Office of the Minnesota House of Representatives has issued the following bill:

A bill for an act
1.2relating to the Public Facilities Authority; reorganizing certain grant
programs;
1.3providing for small community wastewater treatment grants;amending
1.4Minnesota Statutes 2012, sections 446A.073, subdivisions 1, 3, 4; 446A.075,
1.5subdivisions 1a, 2, 5; repealing Minnesota Statutes 2012, sections 446A.051,
1.6subdivision 2; 446A.074.
1.7BE IT ENACTED BY THE LEGISLATURE OF THE STATE OF MINNESOTA:

1.8    Section 1. Minnesota Statutes 2012, section 446A.073, subdivision 1, is
amended to
1.9read:
1.10    Subdivision 1. Program established. When money is appropriated for
grants under
1.11this program, the authority must make shall award grants up to a maximum of
$3,000,000
1.12to governmental units to cover up to one-half the cost of wastewater
treatment or storm
1.13water projects made necessary by:
1.14(1) a wasteload reductions reduction prescribed under a total maximum daily
load
1.15plans plan required by section 303(d) of the federal Clean Water Act, United
States Code,
1.16title 33, section 1313(d).;
1.17(2) a phosphorus concentration or mass limit which requires discharging one
1.18milligram per liter or less at permitted design flow which is incorporated
into a permit
1.19issued by the Pollution Control Agency;
1.20(3) any other water quality-based effluent limit established under section
115.03,
1.21subdivision 1, paragraph (e), clause (8), and incorporated into a permit
issued by the
1.22Pollution Control Agency that exceeds secondary treatment limits; or
1.23(4) a total nitrogen limit of ten milligrams per liter or less for a
land-based treatment
1.24system.

2.1    Sec. 2. Minnesota Statutes 2012, section 446A.073, subdivision 3, is
amended to read:
2.2    Subd. 3. Project priorities. When money is appropriated for grants under
this
2.3program, the authority shall accept applications during the month of July and
reserve
2.4money for projects expected to proceed with construction by the end of the
fiscal year in
2.5the order listed on the Pollution Control Agency's project priority list,
provided the project
2.6is included in a total maximum daily load plan that has been approved by the
United
2.7States Environmental Protection Agency at the time the appropriation became
law and in
2.8an amount based on the cost estimate submitted to the authority in the grant
application or
2.9the as-bid costs, whichever is less.

2.10    Sec. 3. Minnesota Statutes 2012, section 446A.073, subdivision 4, is
amended to read:
2.11    Subd. 4. Grant approval. The authority must make a grant to a
governmental unit,
2.12as defined in section 116.182, subdivision 1, for an eligible project only
after:
2.13(1) the commissioner of the Pollution Control Agency has certified to the
United
2.14States Environmental Protection Agency a total maximum daily load plan for
identified
2.15waters of this state that includes a point source wasteload allocation;
2.16(2) the Environmental Protection Agency has approved the plan;
2.17(3) a governmental unit affected by the plan (1) the applicant has submitted
the
2.18as-bid cost for the wastewater treatment or storm water projects necessary
to comply with
2.19the point source wasteload allocation project;
2.20(4) (2) the Pollution Control Agency has approved the as-bid costs and
certified the
2.21grant eligible portion of the project; and
2.22(5) (3) the authority has determined that the additional financing necessary
to
2.23complete the project has been committed from other sources.

2.24    Sec. 4. Minnesota Statutes 2012, section 446A.075, subdivision 1a, is
amended to read:
2.25    Subd. 1a. Technical assistance grants. If requested, and if it is an
eligible use
2.26of funds, the authority may provide technical assistance grants to
governmental units
2.27seeking to address noncomplying subsurface sewage treatment systems. A grant
under
2.28this subdivision must not exceed $10,000 $20,000 plus $500 $1,000 per
household, for
2.29a maximum total of $40,000 $60,000. Technical assistance grant funds may be
used
2.30by the a county recipient to pay its qualified staff for services listed in
clauses (1) to
2.31(3) or by a governmental unit to contract with a licensed subsurface sewage
treatment
2.32system business, county, the University of Minnesota on-site sewage
treatment program, a
2.33regional development commission, or other qualified nonprofit organization
for one or
2.34more of the following services:
3.1(1) conduct site evaluations and prepare a report by a certified subsurface
sewage
3.2treatment system designer indicating the feasibility of installing new
subsurface sewage
3.3treatment systems meeting the requirements of section 115.55;
3.4(2) provide independent advice on the feasibility of subsurface sewage
treatment
3.5system alternatives; and
3.6(3) assist the governmental unit to develop the technical, managerial, and
financial
3.7capacity necessary to build, operate, and maintain subsurface sewage
treatment systems.

3.8    Sec. 5. Minnesota Statutes 2012, section 446A.075, subdivision 2, is
amended to read:
3.9    Subd. 2. Construction loans and grants. (a) The authority may award loans
and
3.10grants as provided in this subdivision to governmental units from the small
community
3.11wastewater treatment account for projects to replace noncomplying subsurface
sewage
3.12treatment systems with a subsurface sewage treatment system or systems
meeting the
3.13requirements of section 115.55 or a land-based treatment system with a state
disposal
3.14system permit. A governmental unit receiving a loan or grant from the
account shall own
3.15the subsurface sewage treatment systems built under the program and shall be
responsible,
3.16either directly or through a contract with a private vendor, for all
inspections, maintenance,
3.17and repairs necessary to ensure proper operation of the systems.
3.18    (b) Loans as provided in subdivision 6 may be awarded for up to 100
percent
3.19of eligible project costs as described in this section minus any grants
awarded under
3.20paragraph (c) or from other sources.
3.21    (c) When the area to be served by a project has a median household
income below
3.22the state average median household income, the governmental unit may receive
50 percent
3.23of the funding provided under this subdivision in the form of a grant. An
applicant may
3.24submit income survey data collected by an independent party if it believes
the most recent
3.25United States census does not accurately reflect the median household income
of the area
3.26to be served. The authority may award a grant to a project if the estimated
average annual
3.27residential wastewater system cost after completion of the project would
otherwise exceed
3.281.4 percent of the median household income of the project service area. In
determining the
3.29estimated average annual residential wastewater system cost, the authority
must consider
3.30the total costs associated with building, operating, and maintaining the
wastewater system
3.31including debt service. The amount of the grant shall be 80 percent of the
amount
3.32needed to reduce the average annual residential wastewater system cost to
1.4 percent of
3.33the median household income, but not to exceed 80 percent of the eligible
project cost
3.34minus any other grants.

4.1    Sec. 6. Minnesota Statutes 2012, section 446A.075, subdivision 5, is
amended to read:
4.2    Subd. 5. Awards. (a) The authority must award loans and grants as
provided in this
4.3section to governmental units with approved applications based on their
ranking on the
4.4Pollution Control Agency's project priority list.
4.5(b) Except as provided in paragraph (c), prior to the award of construction
loans or
4.6grants under subdivision 2, paragraph (b), the Pollution Control Agency shall
certify
4.7that the subsurface sewage land-based treatment systems to be built appear to
meet are
4.8designed according to the criteria set forth in section 115.55 and rules of
the Pollution
4.9Control Agency.
4.10(c) If a governmental unit receives preliminary approval by the Pollution
Control
4.11Agency of its feasibility report prepared under subdivision 1a, clause (1),
the authority
4.12may make a partial construction award for eligible design costs.
4.13(d) The total amount awarded for a construction loans and grants project
under
4.14subdivision 2, paragraph (b), shall be based on the estimated project costs
for the portion
4.15of the project expected to be completed within one year, up to an annual
maximum of
4.16$500,000. For projects expected to take more than one year to complete, the
authority
4.17may make a multiyear commitment for a period not to exceed three years,
contingent on
4.18the future availability of funds. Each year of a multiyear commitment must
be funded
4.19by a separate loan or loan and grant agreement meeting the terms and
conditions in
4.20subdivision 6. A governmental unit receiving a loan or loan and grant under
a multiyear
4.21commitment shall have priority for additional loan and grant funds in
subsequent years
4.22 must not exceed $2,000,000.

4.23    Sec. 7. WASTEWATER INFRASTRUCTURE FUNDING; CONVERSION OF
4.24CERTAIN LOANS TO GRANTS.
4.25For supplemental assistance provided under its wastewater infrastructure
funding
4.26program in the form of a loan, the public facilities authority may convert
the loan to a
4.27grant to the extent that the authority determines that the governmental unit
would have
4.28met, at the time the loan was made, the criteria in Minnesota Statutes 2012,
section
4.29446A.072, subdivision 5a, paragraph (b). If a loan is converted to a grant
only in part,
4.30then, notwithstanding section 446A.072, subdivision 7, the authority may
determine the
4.31manner in which the repayment schedule for the loan is to be adjusted.

4.32    Sec. 8. INSTRUCTIONS TO REVISOR.
4.33(a) In Minnesota Statutes, the revisor shall remove references to the
sections
4.34repealed in section 9.
5.1(b) In Minnesota Statutes, the revisor shall change the headnote to section
446A.073
5.2to "Point Source Implementation Grants."

5.3    Sec. 9. REPEALER.
5.4Minnesota Statutes 2012, sections 446A.051, subdivision 2; and 446A.074, are
5.5repealed.

For further information please visit: https://www.revisor.mn.gov/

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              157 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Redwood Times, Garberville, Calif.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 6, 2009 Wednesday

Rate structure proposal discussed at GSD meeting

BYLINE: Mary Anderson, Redwood Times, Garberville, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1109 words


May 6--The directors of the Garberville Sanitary District continued to move
forward with their rate structure review and rate hike at their Tuesday, April
28 meeting. The directors present for the meeting were Herb Schwartz, Bill
Stewart, Peter Connolly and Dwight Knapp. Director Dennis Bourassa is recovering
from surgery. Schwartz chaired the meeting.

The main item on the agenda was a second presentation by Doug Dove and Stephanie
Osborn of Bartle Wells Associates, the firm hired to research and prepare a new
rate structure for the district's water and sewer operations, one that will be
more equitable for district customers and give the district sufficient income to
support the $6 million in improvements to the district's facilities. Upgrading
of the district's sewage treatment facility is necessary to remove a building
moratorium in Garberville due to insufficient sewer treatment capability. The
clean water system upgrade will help to prevent water shortages through
increased water storage. It will also give the fire department better water
pressure and availability for fire suppression.

Three Garberville residents attended the presentation, as well as a
representative of the healthcare district board.

Dove said that it appears likely that the district will get a full grant for its
wastewater treatment facility, but will have to raise its rates to a level
acceptable to the grantors in order to do so. The agencies apparently want to be
assured that the district has sufficient income to operate and maintain the new
facility.

As for the clean water upgrade, Dove said that the district may only get a
partial grant and will be required to get a loan for the remainder.

The bottom line seems to be that with or without grants, rates are going up.

Dove stressed that the proposals he and Osborn are making are "preliminary" and
subject to adjustment by the directors and by public comments.

According to the study conducted by Dove and Osborn, Garberville water users
consume about 500 cubic feet of water per month during the winter. This is
consistent with other districts, Dove said, and sets a baseline for average
household use, minus outdoor watering in the summer.

The current rate structure is a complicated one, based on meter size. The
proposal is to align the meter size structure with the standards set by the
American Water Works Association, and to separate residential and commercial
uses, with a two tier system for both. Two tiered systems encourage conservation
and make it easier for the district to get grants and loans, Dove said.

For the water delivery portion of the district's services, Dove and Osborn are
recommending an initial rate hike of 15% for the current year, following by a
10% rise the following year, an 8% rise for the year followed that, and 5%
increases for the two years following that, applied to 5/8" and 3/4" meters.

They identified the rate increase "drivers" as the need to fund loan payments,
to hire an additional half-time system operator, provide PERS retirement to
retain qualified staff, to cover operating costs for the new systems, and to
build fund reserves, which are currently at zero and need to be brought up to
normal levels so the district will be able to deal with maintenance and repairs.

The proposed increase would actually result in lower water rates for minimal
water users. The base rate for 0 to 500 cf would be $31, rising to $40.60 by
2013. A charge of 50 cents would be applied to every 100 cf consumed over 500 cf
in Tier 1. The overage would be charged at the rate of $3.10 per 100 cf for Tier
2 users.

The price rise for larger size meters increases proportionally, up to a base
rate of $372 for 3" meters.

The proposal for the sewage treatment rates would also separate domestic uses
from commercial uses. There would be a fixed charge and a consumption-based
charge based on standard "strength" factors, which relate to the cost of
treating sewage effluent based on what's in it. Laundromats, schools and offices
are considered to produce low strength effluent. Residences, hotels and
hospitals are considered to produce domestic strength effluent and restaurants
and bakeries are considered to produce high strength effluent due to the food
and grease waste.

The domestic rating for hotels/motels and hospitals was good news for those
businesses. Motel owner Mark Scown, who has been a consistent critic of the
current rate structure, was pleased with that news.

"It's a big step towards fairness," he said.

Healthcare district board president Nancy Wilson, who attended the meeting on
behalf of the hospital, expressed her satisfaction with the proposal as well.

Dove said that sewage rates need to be at or above 1.5% of the area's median
household income to qualify for full grants. The median household income in the
district is $37,115 and that means the monthly sewer rate needs to be $46.40.
The current rate is $31.02, which includes a $5 system fee.

Dove also recommended building up the reserves on the sewer side of the
operation.

GSD director Bill Stewart said he was concerned about penalizing those who
landscape. But he also said he was concerned that their prices go up enough to
actually cover all their expenses. He also questioned the need for encouraging
conservation.

Director Dwight Knapp said he thought the district's prices would be right in
line with others.

"Speaking for myself," he said, "I don't want my rates to go up a penny, but it
has to be."

Director Peter Connolly said he thought they might need more than a 10% hike to
cover all their expenses.

However, Dove said that they had done all the paperwork and felt that 10% would
be enough for the first year.

Those in the audience supported conservation measures.

A set of final recommendations on rate structure will be presented at the
district's May 26 meeting. At that time, the board will accept more public
comment and make a decision that will be presented to ratepayers in a notice to
be mailed no later than June 5. A final public hearing will be held on July 28,
at which time the board will officially adopt new rates.

There was discussion about the complicated nature of the rate structure and how
to explain it to customers. A flyer may be mailed out as well.

To see more of the Redwood Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.redwoodtimes.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Redwood Times, Garberville,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090506-KM-Rate-structure-proposal-discussed-at-GSD-meeting-0506

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KM


                                 Copyright 2009


                              158 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                   Bluefield Daily Telegraph (West Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 2, 2008 Saturday

Block grants flowing

BYLINE: Charles Owens, Bluefield Daily Telegraph, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 403 words


Feb. 2--CHARLESTON -- Gov. Joe Manchin and area lawmakers announced Friday the
award of more than $3 million in Small Cities Block Grants to several Mercer and
McDowell county projects.

In all, Manchin said the state awarded more than $31 million in Small Cities
Development Block Grants for 36 infrastructure projects in the state, including
three in McDowell County and one in Mercer County. The governor was joined by
Senate Majority Leader H. Truman Chafin, D-Mingo, Sen. John Pat Fanning,
D-McDowell, Delegate Clif Moore, D-McDowell and Delegate Marshall Long,
D-Mercer, in announcing the funding awards.

Manchin said the Mercer County Commission will receive a $200,000 design grant
to facilitate the construction of a $1.7 million water project to serve 81
households in the Spanishburg community.

Manchin said the town of Davy received an $800,000 award to provide a safe
potable drinking water supply system to 122 customers in the Asco Road area of
McDowell County.

Manchin said the McDowell County Commission was awarded $100,000 to match more
than $2 million in U.S. Army Corps of Engineer funds that will allow a
continuation of a voluntary acquisition of property located within the flood
plain in McDowell County.

Manchin said the city of War will receive a $1.3 award to assist with the
rehabilitation of a dilapidated water distribution system to correct a water
loss problem and to improve service to 529 households.

Chafin said the grant requests are reviewed on a state level by Bobby Lewis,
directory of Community Development. Chafin said Lewis works hand in hand with
lawmakers to complete the approval process.

"Mr. Lewis has always worked hard on behalf of the citizens who reside in
southern West Virginia," Chafin said in a press release. "I am very pleased with
the funding awarded for the 6th District that will allow for needed projects to
progress in an efficient and timely manner. As the money flows, so will the
water"

-- Contact Charles Owens at cowens@bdtonline.com

To see more of Bluefield Daily Telegraph, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.bdtonline.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Bluefield Daily Telegraph,
W.Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080202-WF-Block-grants-flowing-0202

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WF


                                 Copyright 2008


                              159 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Irish Daily Mail

                            June 10, 2015 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

200,000 homes at risk of lead contamination

BYLINE: Senan Molony ;Ben Haugh

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 745 words


UP to 200,000 families whose homes contain lead pipes are believed to be at risk
of lead contamination, it was revealed yesterday.

The revelation came as the Government announced a grant scheme for families who
need to replace their pipes.

However, many affected will have to pay some or all of the costs involved -
after Environment Minister Alan Kelly ruled out any grants for households with
annual incomes of more than (EURO)75,000.

Mr Kelly said: 'We are looking at grants of up to (EURO)4,000 for homes that
have incomes of (EURO)50,000 or less, and grants of (EURO)2,500 for those with
income levels of between (EURO)50,000 and (EURO)75,000.' The cost of replacing
lead pipes varies from (EURO)1,000 to (EURO)5,000, depending on the location of
the pipes. Properties built before the 1970s are more likely to have lead pipes.

Where householders decide to get their lead pipes replaced, Irish Water will
replace any lead piping on the public side of the homeowner's service connection
pipe. But there will be no offsets against domestic bills. Laura Haugh,
mom-in-residence at www.MummyPages.ie, said there should be no threshold for the
grant as many middle-income families could not afford to pay.

'I think it's desperate that the grant system is only available to households
earning below (EURO)75,000 as it doesn't represent the majority of the
population. People earning more than that can still be on the breadline due to
the cost of childcare and their mortgage repayments, water bill and property
tax.

'What you're going to find is mums will have to buy bottled water in order to
continue family life as they won't be able to afford a few thousand euro to
replace the pipes. It's not going to be easily raised by most families in
Ireland - it's basically a car loan,' she said.

HSE assistant national director of health protection, Dr Kevin Kelleher, advised
mothers to breastfeed their babies, rather than rely on lead-piped water for
bottle feeding.

'If people are aware that their houses have lead or may have lead, then they
certainly should not be using water to feed their young children or pregnant
women, and certainly not for bottle feeding,' Dr Kelleher said.

'Actually, this is a very good reason to breastfeed. If you breastfeed then this
is not a problem,' he added. He warned there was a risk of neurodevelopmental
delays in some children from drinking contaminated water.

Lead in pipes can also lead to brain injury, poisoning and fatigue, liver
problems and even the early onset of senility. As the scale of the cost of pipe
replacement began to dawn on the households affected - along with schools,
commercial and public buildings - the Government insisted it could not assist
further.

A spokesman for the Taoiseach Enda Kenny said: 'The Government doesn't have the
resources [to safeguard all homes]. It is not financially feasible at the
moment. Many homes will qualify for the grant scheme.' But he added: 'It is a
public health issue. There is a concern that we have a water system that has
lead in the pipes. It reflects much to do with the water infrastructure where
there has been massive underinvestment over along period of time.' Cabinet
yesterday launched a publicity drive to build awareness about the issue as it
announced the grant scheme that is tailored not to cost more than
(EURO)300million in its lifetime. But Opposition TDs said the decision meant the
complete abandonment of Irish Water's much-touted policy of providing a 'free
first fix'.

Fianna Fáil TD Barry Cowen said: 'The 'free first fix' policy was a central part
of the Government's rollout of water charges. Homeowners were assured that any
initial repair on their pipes would be free of charge. Now the Government has
finally admitted that the scheme has effectively been abandoned.' More than a 35
homes in St. Anne's estate in Raheny, north Dublin, were found to have unsafe
levels of lead in their drinking water last year. Sinn Féin councillor Ciarán
O'Moore said he informed the residents because Irish Water failed to do so. He
said: 'I put flyers into the houses and then applied to have the water tested.'
Irish Water said: 'Any suggestion that Irish Water has been negligent in any way
in alerting customers is entirely incorrect. The fact is that customers are
being made aware of the potential of lead in their homes because of Irish Water,
its work and the metering programme.' Comment - Page 12
senan.molony@dailymail.ie

'It's basically the cost of a car loan'

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DML


          Copyright 2015 Irish Daily Mail - Associated Newspapers Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              160 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                            December 6, 2013 Friday

Virginia communities given water grant

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; Government and Public Interest

LENGTH: 191 words



HIGHLIGHT: The US Department of Agriculture has awarded a $1m grant to improve
water quality for 73 households in Wise County, Virginia.


The US Department of Agriculture has awarded a $1m grant to improve water
quality for 73 households in Wise County, Virginia.

Combined with a $276,000 loan, the $1m grant will help fund a public sewer
system in the communities of Osaka and Roda, which have faced public health
issues and environmental concerns due to direct sewage discharge into streams.

US senator Mark Warner said that the grant promotes public health, and is a
welcome and significant step to improved water quality in the county.

"Expanding access to clean, reliable public water supplies has been a priority
of mine since I served as Governor, when we extended access to more than 70,000
Virginians while also making record investments in Virginia's Water Quality
Improvement Fund," he added.

US senator Tim Kaine said that it's critical for public health and quality of
life that every Virginia community can depend on reliable water and wastewater
infrastructure.

"I am pleased with this major new investment in Southwest Virginia, and I am
committed to supporting these essential infrastructure needs even in tight
budgetary times, particularly in rural communities," Kaine added.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              161 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           The Orange Leader (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 10, 2011 Tuesday

Sewer service to get upgrade in West Orange

BYLINE: David Ball, The Orange Leader, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 451 words


May 10--WEST ORANGE -- Residents in some homes in West Orange will soon see
replacements to  the houses' sewer service lines thanks to an amendment to a
block grant program.

Low to moderate income households were approved to have the upgrades after
Monday's meeting held by the West Orange City Council who approved the change to
its 2009 Texas Community Development Block Grant Program.

The city considered the proposed amendment to the program with the Texas
Department of Rural Affairs to include assisting Orange County Water Control and
Improvement District No. 2 in making improvements to the District's Water Well &
Water Plant No. 1.

District No. 2 is requesting an amendment to allow the use of grant funds in the
modifications at the District's existing Water Well & Water Plane No. 1, located
in the 1900 block of Austin Avenue, due to the low number of households which
requested the assistance.

The Council proclaimed the week of May 22-28 as "Hurricane Preparedness Week" in
the city. The proclamation stated Texas hurricane season officially begins June
1 and ends November 30.

Both public and private entities should develop emergency response and recovery
plans in accordance with local jurisdictions and local emergency management
offices.

"I, Roy McDonald, Mayor of the city of West Orange, Texas do hereby urge all
citizens of this community to participate in hurricane preparedness activities,
and to pay close attention to watch and warning instructions," the proclamation
concluded.

City Manager Michael Stelly said the city's spring cleanup campaign held last
weekend was a big success with 168 cubic feet of debris disposed of. He added
the roll-off dumpsters on site hold a maximum of 30 cubic feet of debris.

Metal trash was further separated and sold to raise money.

McDonald said he appreciated everyone who participated in the cleanup and
they'll do another one next year.

The Council granted resident Paula Wyatt a temporary variance to the RV
ordinances. She will live in an RV on her property with a July 1 deadline while
her house is being built at this location.

The Council also granted permission to the Orange County Mosquito Control
District aircraft to fly at low altitudes over the city of West Orange for
mosquito abatement purposes.

Councilman Dale Dardeau said he was ready for the spraying because "The
mosquitos are about to carry me off."

To see more of The Orange Leader or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://orangeleader.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Orange Leader, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110510-XY-Sewer-service-to-get-upgrade-in-West-Orange-0510-20110510

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XY


                        Copyright 2011 The Orange Leader


                              162 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Darwin Palmerston Sun (Australia)

                          September 8, 2010 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

Beat rising energy costs

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 383 words


GAS and electricity prices are on the rise and predicted to go even higher as
emissions trading becomes a reality in Australia but you can fight back.

Water heating is the largest single energy use in the average household
according to Grant Miller of Top End Solahart.

"By replacing your conventional water heater with a Solahart solar water heater,
you'll enjoy hot water free from the sun that can save up to 50 to 85 per cent
of your water heating energy use and make big savings in your energy bills and
greenhouse gas emissions," Mr Miller said.

In fact, by replacing an electric water heater with a Solahart you can reduce
your carbon footprint by 2.2 to 2.6 tonnes every year.

Environmental rebates and incentives

By replacing your electric water heater with a Solahart, you could get up to
$3880 in government rebates and incentives.

The environmental benefits of solar water heaters are recognised with a range of
Federal Government rebates and incentives to help households make the switch to
solar water heating.

A cash incentive is provided through Renewable Energy Certificates, which can
reduce the price of a new solar hot water system by $1260 depending on the model
and your location.

In addition, eligible households can claim up to $2200 in rebates from Federal
and local governments for switching from electric to solar or heat pump hot
water systems.

More than one million households can't be wrong

Solahart pioneered solar water heating in 1953.

Since then, Solahart has manufactured more than a million units right here in
Australia for use in Australian homes.

Mr Miller's team of specially trained installers assess your needs and help you
choose the best Solahart for your family, and with their emergency breakdown
service, they will have you back in hot water within 24 hours - guaranteed.

No interest ever - that's smart

Grant Miller said Solahart has worked to deliver solar hot water in the most
affordable way and offers customers an interest free

SmartPay payment plan.

"You can install a Solahart with just a 25 per cent deposit and make easy
fortnightly payments over 12 or 18 months with no interest ever," he said.

Fight back against rising energy costs switch to Solahart hot water free from
the sun today.

Call your local Solahart expert on 8948 1500 or visit www.solahart.com.au

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DPS


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              163 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Darwin Palmerston Sun (Australia)

                          September 9, 2009 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

Beat rising energy costs

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 381 words


GAS and electricity prices are on the rise and predicted to go even higher as
emissions trading becomes a reality in Australia - but you can fight back.

Water heating is the largest single energy use in the average household
according to Grant Millerof Top E nd Solahart.

"By replacing your conventional water heater with a Solahart solar water heater,
you'll enjoy hot water free from the sun that can save up to 50 to 85 per cent
of your water heating energy use and make big savings in your energy bills and
greenhouse gas

emissions," Mr Miller said.

In fact, by replacing an electric water heater with a Solahart you can reduce
your carbon footprint by 2.2 - 2.6 tonnes every year.

Environmental

rebates and

incentives

By replacing your electric water heater with a Solahart, you could get up to
$3880 in government rebates and incentives.

The environmental benefits of solar water heaters are recognised with a range of
Federal Government rebates and incentives to help households make the switch to
solar water heating.

A cash incentive is provided through Renewable Energy Certificates which can
reduce the price of a new solar hot water system by $1080 depending on the model
and your location.

In addition, eligible households can claim up to $2800 in rebates from Federal
and local governments for switching from electric to solar or heat pump hot
water systems.

Over one million

households can't

be wrong

Solahart pioneered solar water heating in 1953.

Since then, Solahart has manufactured more than a million units right here in
Australia for use in Australian homes.

Mr Miller's team of specially trained installers assess your needs and help you
choose the best Solahart for your family, and with their emergency breakdown
service, they will have you back in hot water within 24 hours - guaranteed.

No interest ever -

that's smart

Grant Miller said Solahart has worked to deliver solar hot water in the most
affordable way and offers customers an interest free

SmartPay payment plan.

"You can install a Solahart with just a 25 per cent deposit and make easy
fortnightly payments over 12 or 18 months with no interest ever," he said.

Fight back against rising energy costs switch to Solahart hot water free from
the sun today.

Call your local Solahart expert on 89481500 or visit www.solahart.com.au.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DPS


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              164 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                              June 9, 2015 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Lead found in the water supply of 75,000 homes

BYLINE: Niall O'Connor

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 474 words


A NEW grant is to be rolled out for households, schools and hospitals to repair
water pipes at risk of lead contamination, the Irish Independent has learned.

Irish Water has detected lead in the pipes of an alarming 75,000 homes,
representing 5pc of the overall number.

Environment Minister Alan Kelly will today brief Cabinet on the discovery, which
has been described as a "public health risk".

There is particular concern about the impact the lead levels could have on
pregnant women and small children - prompting the Government to launch a major
awareness campaign in the coming weeks.

Among the measures to be discussed at Cabinet is the establishment of a grant
system targeted at low-income households whose homes are affected by the lead
issue.

However, not all households affected will be entitled to State support, a
Government source told the Irish Independent.

The response from the Government will involve input and financial support from a
number of departments, including Education, Environment and Health.

"The main aim, though, is raising awareness about how people can minimise
exposure to this public health risk," a source said.

The plan will be closely examined by the Environment Protection Agency (EPA).

The discovery that 5pc of homes have excessive lead levels was reported to Mr
Kelly by Irish Water following the company's meter programme.

Senior Government figures are likely to argue that the discovery illustrates the
benefit of having the water supply brought under a public utility.

Government sources say a multi-million-euro investment will also lead to pipes
in schools, hospitals and other public buildings being replaced.

The issue of lead in hundreds of schools is of particular concern.

Many of the schools affected have buildings constructed prior to the 1970s and
therefore the water supply is at greater risk of contamination.

The Department of Education is expected to provide a list of buildings that
require urgent work.

The presence of high lead levels in pipe systems can pose a severe health risk,
with pregnant women and young children the most vulnerable. The national lead
strategy 'Lead in pipes can pose a severe health risk' is expected to be based
on a timeframe of up to 10 years with a number of short-term goals included.

A report by the EPA last year found drinking water for almost one million
households is at risk of contamination because of "serious problems" in
supplies.

The concern in this report centres around the infrastructure in plants which the
agency says is in major need of replacement.

Among the main problems highlighted were a lack of proper management at
treatment plants, with improvements to disinfection systems to remove dangerous
bugs, including E-coli and cryptosporidium, also needed.

In addition, investment in "robust and resilient" infrastructure is required,
the report stated.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              165 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                Richmond County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 2, 2012 Saturday

Town of Ellerbe to hold public budget meeting

BYLINE: Richmond County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 383 words


June 02--The Ellerbe Board of Commissioners is reviewing the tentative Town of
Ellerbe budget for Fiscal Year 2012-2013, and a copy is available to the public
in the office of the clerk to the Board at Ellerbe Town Hall at 179 W. Page St.
in Ellerbe.

The town board will hold a public hearing on the budget at 7 p.m., Monday, June
4, at the Ellerbe Town Hall.

The proposed budget for the coming fiscal year is $761,677, which is $7,866 more
than the 2011-2012 general fund budget of $753,811.

The projected fund balance for the coming fiscal year is $202,455, about $30,145
more than the current budget's fund balance.

"The tax rate has not changed," said Ellerbe Mayor Olivia Webb. "It is 50 cents
per $100 of valuation. No new hires, layoffs or hiring freezes. Town employees
got a three percent cost of living raise with bonuses remaining the same.
Commissioners and mayor received an extra $500 to each of their salaries."

"We are ready to break ground on our sewer project this month," Webb said. "We
received significant USDA grant and loan funding for this project. For Ellerbe,
raising sewer rates was a prerequisite for receiving a USDA grant/loan package.
The loan amount is $1,823,000. The grant amount is $1,348,000. The loan will be
paid off with sewer revenues, so USDA requires you to raise your sewer rates so
that the revenue will be adequate to pay off the loan. They do this as a fiscal
security mechanism for small towns like Ellerbe.

"We raised sewer rates in two steps to try and make it easier: Once in Fiscal
Year 2010-2011 and once again for 2012-13. We are going up $10 on our base
charge of $21.10 per 2,000 gallons for sewer. We are going up 50 cents on our
base charge for water to correspond with the county water rate increase. What
does this mean for our citizens? Average household water/sewer use is between
4,000 and 5,000 gallons. We bill for water, sewer and trash collection all as
one package. For a household that uses 4,000 gallons, the monthly bill would go
from $45.85 to $56.58. For a household that uses 5,000 gallons, the bill would
go from $50.61 to $61.44," she said.

___ (c)2012 the Richmond County Daily Journal (Rockingham, N.C.) Visit the
Richmond County Daily Journal (Rockingham, N.C.) at www.yourdailyjournal.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120602-RU-Town-of-Ellerbe-to-hold-public-budget-meeting-0602-20120602

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RU


         Copyright 2012 Richmond County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C.


                              166 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                              June 29, 2008 Sunday

NEWS IN BRIEF

SECTION: CITY/STATE; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 520 words

DATELINE: CHATHAM


Two trustees may resign from board

The three-member Chatham Fire Protection District board of trustees could have
just one member after Monday.

Steve Sullivan and Don Butler have said they are resigning, according to Craig
Hall, a member of the Sangamon County Board. County commissioners appoint
members of fire district boards.

Sullivan cited medical concerns. Butler said his reasons include the decision by
the county board to not reappoint trustee Mike Branham.

"No reasons were given," Butler said of Branham not being reappointed.

Branham and his successor, Jerry Hughes, both have longtime ties to the Chatham
Fire Department, having served as members and in officer positions.

Hall said he asked Sullivan and Butler to consider remaining on the board until
replacements are found, but added, "I don't think they will."

As of late Friday afternoon, Sullivan had submitted a formal letter of
resignation, but Butler had not, according to Fire Chief Phil Schumer.

Hall said he spent Friday trying to recruit people knowledgeable about fire
protection to apply for the two openings. He said anyone interested should call
him at 435-7431 or 414-2602.

Springfield

Utility program to take summer appointments

Sangamon County Community Resources will be taking appointments for this
summer's Low Income Heating Assistance Program - with the focus on paying for
electrical service to keep cool - beginning Monday, July 7.

Appointments continue through July 18, or whenever the funds are exhausted.
LIHEAP-eligible applicants must make appointments by calling 535-3120.

Summer cooling is targeted at at-risk households, defined as seniors, persons
with disabilities, households with children younger than 3 as of the date of
application and those with medical conditions that would be aggravated by
extreme heat. The program's benefits are direct vendor payments to electricity
providers of $150.

LIHEAP is a state and federally funded energy assistance program for households
with incomes of up to 150 percent of the federal poverty level. A single-person
household can qualify with a monthly income of up to $1,282, a two-person
household up to $1,726 and a family of four can earn up to $2,614. Benefits will
be paid directly to the household's electric utility. There will be no cash
payments for renters who do not have utility accounts.

Exeter

Water co-operative receives loan, grant

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development division has awarded a
loan of $1,399,000 and a grant of $856,800 to the Exeter-Merritt Water
Cooperative under the Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program, U.S. Sen.
Dick Durbin's office has announced.

The project involves the construction of a drinking-water system to serve
roughly 141 additional homes in northern Scott County and western Morgan County.
About 32 miles of water lines will be constructed. Also, an interconnect will be
installed with the village of South Jacksonville for a second source of water.

The project is needed to provide safe, dependably potable water in this region.
The loan and grant will fund phase three of the construction project.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Craig Hall is looking for replacements in the event that two trustees
officially resign.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LOCAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              167 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              Londonderry Sentinel

                            August 4, 2010 Wednesday

'Toasty homes' £500,000 grant scheme launched

BYLINE: Staff reporter

LENGTH: 455 words



HIGHLIGHT: FIRMUS energy launched a new initiative - offering grants to
qualifying houses in Londonderry to switch their existing heating system to
natural gas. The 'toasty homes' scheme is giving people across the City the
opportunity to secure a grant of up to £1,500 towards the installation costs of
converting to a new natural gas heating system. Anyone who successfully secures
one of the 'toasty homes' grants can also benefit from up to £800 towards
insulating their home and free energy


The scheme, which is part-funded through the Northern Ireland Sustainability
Energy Programme, will be available to 350 households, and equates to more than
£500,000 across these homes, on a first-come, first-served basis. What makes
this scheme unique is that 'toasty homes' is open to households which currently
use oil, LPG, Economy 7, solid fuel or those with no heating system.

Given that almost half of heat loss in a typical home is through the walls and
roof**, the 'toasty homes' scheme, which can also include insulation, will allow
households in the area to ensure their homes are as energy-efficient as
possible.

Customers who secure a 'toasty homes' grant gain financial help to install a
high efficiency natural gas boiler, which means you waste less fuel and heat,
which in turn keeps fuel bills and C02 emissions down. Converting from a 10 year
old G rated oil boiler to a new A rated natural gas boiler with a full set of
heating controls can lead to an improvement of 32% in boiler efficiency, which
impacts directly on annual fuel bills.

Adding the savings from more efficient boilers, proper controls and lower cost
of natural gas can create a huge saving of around 46% or £493 per annum for
households who have made the switch to natural gas.

Paula Simpson, firmus energy, was in Derry today to help launch the 'toasty
homes' scheme with Patrick Thompson from the Energy Savings Trust (EST). Paula
said: "We're delighted to announce that 'toasty homes' grants are available
again this year. It's a fantastic scheme as the criteria allows us to reach out
to those households who may narrowly miss-out on other benefit schemes.
Switching to firmus energy natural gas makes common sense as it just takes one
quick phone call which can have huge advantages, including lower fuel bills.
Natural gas from firmus energy is cheaper than oil and we review our prices
annually to ensure it continues to be cheaper.

"Our existing customers in Derry love the fact that they will 'never run out' of
fuel and that they have a constant, instant supply of hot water. It's great that
all those who qualify for toasty homes will also enjoy these benefits. With no
need for an oil tank or hot water cylinder, people who switch to natural gas can
have extra space in the garden or 'splash' out on a new shower unit inside!

"We also offer a 'pay-as-you-go' facility with the firmus energy smart card -
which makes it easier to budget and means one less bill for householders to
worry about. So there has never been a better incentive for people to make the
switch to natural gas from firmus energy."

Mr Thompson from the EST commented on the scheme: "We are very pleased to
support firmus energy at the launch of their 'toasty homes' scheme.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LOND


                       Copyright 2010 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              168 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                   Bluefield Daily Telegraph (West Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 13, 2014 Sunday

EDITORIAL: Elgood water: Worthy of Small Cities Block Grant

BYLINE: Bluefield Daily Telegraph, W.Va.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 499 words


April 13--For many residents in Mercer County and other parts of southern West
Virginia, public water service is a goal that has been a distant dream for too
many years. A large number of households in the more remote communities often
have to depend on well water for their daily needs. Wells can be unreliable
sources of clean water. They are often full of minerals or contaminated with
bacteria that make their water unsuitable for human consumption.

Another alternative is to buy water or make regular trips to natural springs.
This consumes a lot of a time, and the quality of the spring water is not always
guaranteed. It has not been tested for contaminants or purified.

What these communities really want is access to public water systems. With
public water, they would have a reliable source of water for drinking, bathing
and cooking. Unfortunately, the region's mountainous terrain does not make
laying water lines and building water facilities an easy or inexpensive task.
Creating a water line designed to serve even a small community of a hundred
people or less can cost millions of dollars. Smaller cities and towns rarely
have enough funds to pay such a bill. The answer is to seek state or federal
funding.

The Mercer County Commission recently approved a resolution to reapply for a
Small Cities Block Grant that would provide funding for the Mercer/Summers
IV-Elgood Water Project. The county is seeking $1.5 million, which would help
pay for the $5,128,000 project that would serve more than 150 households in the
Elgood area.

One Elgood resident told the county commission that his family farm, established
in the 19th century, has never had public water service. His grandson still has
to truck water to the property for daily use. He rightly said that his family
and too many other people have had to wait too long for water service. Many
homes have never been connected to a public water line.

While a state Small Cities Block Grant would not pay for the entire project,
having the funding would help raise more money in the form of other grants and
loans, said Jeff Johnson, community development director of the Region I
Planning & Development Council. State officials could select recipients by
October. There is a lot of competition for these loans.

The county commission has been working to bring public water service to the
county's more remote areas. Now state officials have to step up and approve this
worthwhile project. Safe water is a necessary part of every person's quality of
life. People should not have to risk their health by using questionable wells or
by wasting time and money on hauling water to their homes. Getting the funding
needed for extending public water lines into rural communities is a project that
cannot stop until every home has a reliable source of safe, clean water.

___ (c)2014 the Bluefield Daily Telegraph (Bluefield, W.Va.) Visit the Bluefield
Daily Telegraph (Bluefield, W.Va.) at bdtonline.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140413-WF-EDITORIAL-Elgood-water-Worthy-of-Small-Cities-Block-Grant
-0413-20140413

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WF


                    Copyright 2014 Bluefield Daily Telegraph


                              169 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           December 19, 2006 Tuesday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Cheap water purifier could save millions of lives in Third World Nonprofit
group's powder packet costs pennies, and now the company has backing of a $17
million grant from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.

BYLINE: The Seattle Times

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 529 words

DATELINE: SEATTLE


Glenn Austin ripped open a small packet and dumped its contents into a flask of
muddy water. As he swirled the concoction, the dirt and debris in it began to
clump and settle to the bottom. Within a few minutes, the water was clear.

He poured it through a paper filter and drank deeply.

The water-purification powder costs 8 cents and can treat almost three gallons
of water, said Austin, leader of product development for PATH, a nonprofit group
in Ballard, Wash. PATH's leaders want to bring the technology to millions of
people in the developing world, where drinking water is often dirtier and more
dangerous than the sample Austin collected from a puddle in his North Seattle
neighborhood.

Already renowned for its ability to find low-cost, practical solutions to the
health problems of the world's poor, PATH is now taking on water quality with a
$17 million, five-year grant from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.

But unlike past programs, where aid organizations simply distributed purifiers
or subsidized their production, PATH is taking a more commercial approach. The
goal is to help companies develop a range of low-cost filters, gadgets and other
water-treatment products suited to different environments and the preferences of
people in those areas, Austin explained.

A chunk of the grant money will go to marketing, to give the products consumer
appeal and boost demand. If the program succeeds, the end result will be a
thriving trade that doesn't require any outside money to sustain it.

"We want the bottom line served," Austin said. "It really is planting a seed
that will grow on its own."

Contaminated water often causes diarrhea, and worldwide, diarrhea from dirty
water kills about 2 million people a year, mostly young children. Even in urban
areas with treatment and distribution systems, dirty pipes and improper handling
often mean water is tainted by the time it reaches households, said Yancy
Seamans, a technology specialist for PATH.

Water purifiers that combine charcoal filters and chlorine to kill microbes and
remove other contaminants are widely used in middle-class households in India.
But these cost $35, beyond the reach of poorer families.

The PATH program will work with manufacturers to come up with simplified
versions that cost less but perform as well.

The water-treatment powder Austin used in his demonstration already is
relatively cheap, but it is not widely available. So the program will explore
ways to boost production and distribution of such products.

Throughout, people in the developing world will be consulted to find out what's
important to them and what will work in remote villages and crowded cities.

For example, surveys show that people everywhere are less likely to use water
-purification systems that don't keep water cool, or that cause a bad taste.

"You can have something that makes the water very safe, but if it tastes like a
swimming pool, that's not going to be acceptable," Austin said.

The program will be primarily focused in one country, probably India. But it
also will include research in Africa and Asia to see how household water
-purification systems could be tailored for people in those areas, Austin said.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              170 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                             May 4, 2016 Wednesday

Fix for California trailer park reflects uranium problem

BYLINE: Ellen Knickmeyer; The Associated Press

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 470 words

ABSTRACT

California regulators have approved a grant to bring safe water to a California
trailer park where three dozen households have been provided with tap water
containing dangerous levels of uranium for years

FULL TEXT

California regulators approved a $3.2 million grant Tuesday to bring safe water
to a California trailer park where three dozen households for years have been
provided with tap water containing dangerous levels of uranium.

The grant from the California Water Resources Control Board will pay to install
lines from a new well in a nearby town to the Double L Mobile Ranch Park outside
Fresno, in the agriculturally rich Central Valley.

One in 10 public water systems and up to one in four private wells in some areas
of the Central Valley now have raw water with unsafe levels of uranium,
officials say.

"Uranium contamination is a fact and is a challenge, a gigantic challenge. There
is no question about that," said Frances Spivey-Weber, vice chairwoman of the
water board.

The Double L Mobile Ranch Park was highlighted in a 2015 article by The
Associated Press looking at the growing problem of uranium in the water of
California's farming heartland.

U.S. Geological Survey researchers believe irrigation is responsible for slowly
rising levels of naturally occurring uranium in underground water supplies.

Uranium can damage kidneys and raise cancer risks if consumed long-term at
concentrations above federal and state limits for drinking water.

The AP found that the mostly Spanish-speaking farm workers at the mobile home
park had little understanding of the English-language warnings required by law
about the tainted water. Some poorer families at the park had been drinking the
tainted water for years, the AP found.

More broadly, the AP found public water systems ranging from mid-size cities to
rural schools dealing with uranium-contaminated water in the Central Valley.
Families using private wells, meanwhile, said they had no warning of the
possible threat, and little if any aid was available to test or treat private
wells for uranium contamination.

Voters' 2014 passage of a $7.5 billion water bond means the state can now do
more community outreach on water problems, including providing information in
Spanish, said Jule Rizzardo, a supervising water engineer at the state water
board.

Spivey-Weber, the board vice chairwoman, cited the more than $80,000-per-
household cost of fixing the mobile home park's drinking-water.

Contamination of groundwater in the West with substances ranging from nitrates
to uranium is a growing concern, to the point the state can't afford to rely on
one-off fixes like the Double L is getting, she said.

"So we really need to have a sense of how big the problem is, and where it is,"
Spivey-Weber said. "We need to get a fix on this so we can start to prioritize."

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              171 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Western Advocate

                            February 6, 2012 Monday

THE State Government paid out more than

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 295 words


THE State Government paid out more than $130,000 to Bathurst households that
converted their electric hot water systems to a greener energy sources.

The Department of Energy, Climate Change and Water (now Office of Environment
and Heritage - OEH) introduced the hot water system rebate in October 2007,
offering $300 to households that switched their electric system to solar, heat
pump or gas hot water systems.

The rebates were part of a state government initiative, the NSW Home Saver
Rebates, to encourage households to conserve energy and water.

The scheme ended on June 30 last year, having paid out about $170 million across
the state.

A report to Bathurst Regional Council last month showed that 445 local homes had
taken up the hot water system offer, receiving rebates worth a total of
$133,500. But they were just some of the hand-outs to Bathurst homes over the
four years of the scheme.

OEH has also paid 245 rebates for up to $1500 to Bathurst householders who had
rainwater tanks connected to toilets and washing machines, and 53 rebates of
$200 each to homes that bought four-star dual flush toilet suites.

The scheme also offered $150 to home owners who bought a hot water circulator
and $150 for buying a five-star or higher Water Efficiency Labelling and
Standards (WELS) rated washing machine.

The report to council said while the Home Savers Rebates scheme had now ended,
the Home Savers Program was still on offer.

"This program provides low income earners with a free energy assessment, energy
saving action plan and power saver pack," the report said.

"Council continues to promote this program and has recently received grant
funding to further promote this porgram, though there is no information as to
the take-up of this program in the Bathurst reigon."

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              172 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                             March 11, 2007 Sunday

Conserve water with 'smart' sprinklers

BYLINE: By Nisha Gutierrez Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 374 words


The Upper San Gabriel Valley Municipal Water District is promoting water
conservation by urging residents to trade in their old sprinkler systems for a
smarter gadget for free.

The state-of-the-art "smart" system monitors a landscape's environmental
conditions and waters accordingly and is part of a pilot program sponsored by
the water district and the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California.

Residents who live in the Upper San Gabriel Valley water district service area
who have an irrigation system to exchange are eligible to receive a free smart
system March 24, but must call before to make an appointment.

Tim Jochem, the district's general manager, said the systems have the potential
to conserve up to 50,000 gallons of an average household's annual water use.

"The conventional automatic sprinkler controllers we are used to are convenient
because you can set them and forget them, but they kind of create a disadvantage
for water conservation," Jochem said. "The reason is because they will come on
regardless of the weather. The new systems in a sense allow us to conserve
without thinking about it."

James Kent of Glendora received his smart system last year and said he has been
impressed with the way it works.

"It's a great unit," Kent said. "It senses the weather so if it's going to rain
it senses the moisture in the air and the sprinklers won't turn on. Then it goes
back to the way I programmed it the next day."

Bob Muir, spokesman for the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California,
said the smart controllers have already shown great potential for hundreds of
homeowners across the Southland.

"Up to 70 percent of water used in household is used outside," Muir said. "These
smart controllers go a long way to reduce that water usage to as much as 50
percent without affecting the quality or health of your plants."

Jochem said the pilot program is being funded through state and federal grants
secured by the MWD.

After receiving the new controller participants will attend a 30-minute class to
learn how to properly install and program their new irrigation controller.

For more information, call the district's Water Conservation Department at
(626)443-2298.

nisha.gutierrez@sgvn.com

(626) 962-8811, Ext. 2109

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              173 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Whittier Daily News (California)

                             March 11, 2007 Sunday

Conserve water with smart sprinklers

BYLINE: By Nisha Gutierrez Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 374 words


The Upper San Gabriel Valley Municipal Water District is promoting water
conservation by urging residents to trade in their old sprinkler systems for a
smarter gadget for free.

The state-of-the-art "smart" system monitors a landscape's environmental
conditions and waters accordingly and is part of a pilot program sponsored by
the water district and the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California.

Residents who live in the Upper San Gabriel Valley water district service area
who have an irrigation system to exchange are eligible to receive a free smart
system March 24, but must call before to make an appointment.

Tim Jochem, the district's general manager, said the systems have the potential
to conserve up to 50,000 gallons of an average household's annual water use.

"The conventional automatic sprinkler controllers we are used to are convenient
because you can set them and forget them, but they kind of create a disadvantage
for water conservation," Jochem said. "The reason is because they will come on
regardless of the weather. The new systems in a sense allow us to conserve
without thinking about it."

James Kent of Glendora received his smart system last year and said he has been
impressed with the way it works.

"It's a great unit," Kent said. "It senses the weather so if it's going to rain
it senses the moisture in the air and the sprinklers won't turn on. Then it goes
back to the way I programmed it the next day."

Bob Muir, spokesman for the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California,
said the smart controllers have already shown great potential for hundreds of
homeowners across the Southland.

"Up to 70 percent of water used in household is used outside," Muir said. "These
smart controllers go a long way to reduce that water usage to as much as 50
percent without affecting the quality or health of your plants."

Jochem said the pilot program is being funded through state and federal grants
secured by the MWD.

After receiving the new controller participants will attend a 30-minute class to
learn how to properly install and program their new irrigation controller.

For more information, call the district's Water Conservation Department at
(626)443-2298.

nisha.gutierrez@sgvn.com

(626) 962-8811, Ext. 2109

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              174 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                            January 1, 2015 Thursday

Water charge protesters mull election option

SECTION: IRELAND

LENGTH: 401 words


The Right2Water campaign said the move is one of a number of options being
considered after controversial legislation putting the new system into place was
signed into law earlier this week. Speaking to the Irish Examiner, a spokesman
for the national anti-austerity body said despite the introduction of water
charges from today opposition to the billing system has not ended. He said
senior members of the union-backed campaign are due to meet  early next week  to
discuss their options.

And while none have as yet been agreed, lobbying existing politicians; ongoing
protests; local meetings to inform people of where their TDs stand; and   if
necessary   an  alliance  of independent anti-water charges candidates in the
next general election; are among the items for discussion.  We re going nowhere,
we re committed to the campaign until we achieve our goal, which is to stop
water charges and have the service funded through general taxation. This will
continue to be a headache for Government long into the year. We re meeting next
week to discuss the next steps,  the spokesman said. The comments came as the
controversial billing system for the use of water begins today. After
legislation put forward by Environment Minister Alan Kelly was passed through
the Dáil and Seanad during a marathon debate just before Christmas, the
unpopular charges were finally signed into law by President Michael D Higgins.
Despite attempts by TDs and senators to shoot down the plans, pleas for Mr
Higgins to reject the bill and a last-ditch protest outside Áras an Uachtaráin
on Sunday, from today households will be charged for water usage. A person
living alone will be charged  160 a year while a household with two or more
adults will face a  260 fee   but will not start receiving bills until April 1.
The charges, which will be capped until 2018, can be reduced by  100 as part of
a  water conservation grant  given to anyone who signs up to Irish Water.
However, those who do not sign up   who still number in the hundreds of
thousands   will be blocked from accessing this grant. While Taoiseach Enda
Kenny has refused to blame anyone for the Irish Water fiasco, despite admitting
it has damaged Government support, Fine Gael chief whip Paul Kehoe yesterday
said the firm s bosses failed to send  warning signals  in time. - The new
closing date for households to register with Irish Water is February 2.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              175 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                            November 17, 2014 Monday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

You'll still be able to beat the water meter;
o Water protesters resorted to 'violence and intimidation' ; o New 'honour
system' for children's water allowance

BYLINE: John Downing

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1,4

LENGTH: 937 words


FAMILIES will still be able to reduce their water charges if they have a meter,
even with the new simplified system of bills that will be capped at a maximum
amount.

The Government is to unveil a new water charges plan this week in the wake of
heightened tensions following the violent scenes when Tanaiste Joan Burton was
confronted by demonstrators.

JOHN Enda slip-public The Coalition will announce two ns ew maximum rates of
water charges on Wednesday - roughly (EURO)80 for a one-adult household and
about (EURO)180 for all other households.

These capped figures take account of a (EURO)100 reduction in the bill through a
payment from the Government to all households. But homes with a meter installed
will still be able to reduce bills further if the value of water used is lower
than than the cap.

"The cap is a 'no-more-than' figure, but people can still use the meter to beat
that figure," a Government source said.

All households who register with Irish Water will be able to claim a (EURO)100
payment, known as a Water Support Services Grant.

This grant will not be means-tested, so every household will qualify.

Irish Water will no longer be allowed to collect PPS numbers.

Families who want to avail of a me-tered bill will simply declare how many
children are living in the home under an "honour system" to get a free allowance
included in the calculation of the bill.

"PPS numbers are gone for Irish Water. You'll use an honour system for the
child's free allowance. Trust the people. PPS numbers will only be needed for
the (EURO)100 grant from social welfare - not for dealing with Irish Water. And
the Department of Social Protection already issues those numbers," a Government
source said.

DOWNING hopes protest' ups will rebuild confidence Government officials say
there will still be an "absolute imperative" for conserving water through
metering.

P27 "There will be a desire to show the metering system is efficient and
effective," a source said.

The new charges regime comes after anti-water charge demonstrations in Dublin.
The Tanaiste and Anti-Austerity Alliance TD, Paul Murphy, yesterday disagreed
about the incident, which saw Ms Burton blocked in for two hours after attending
an official event.

Mr Murphy accused the Tanaiste of "demonising" protesters, while the Tanaiste
said Mr Murphy failed to help exercise control. Independent Senator Katherine
Zappone, who witnessed the scenes, said the demonstrators went beyond peaceful
protest.

Health Minister Leo Varadkar urged Mr Murphy's party colleagues to distance
themselves from the violence and intimidation.

Continued on Page 4 JOHN DOWNING Enda hopes protest slip-ups will rebuild public
confidence P27 Continued from Page 1 Mr Varadkar called on his constituency
colleagues Joe Higgins and Ruth Coppinger to publicly disassociate themselves
from the intimidation witnessed at Saturday's Jobstown protest.

"The protest in Jobstown saw behaviour of the worst kind. There are reports of
intimidation, aggression, sexist remarks and abuse of the gardai, who were
trying to keep the peace. Essentially, a happy graduation day was hijacked."

Senior officials from the Departments of Finance, Public Expenditure,
Environment and Communications are close to finalising the new charges regime.
It will be cleared by Cabinet and launched on Wednesday, with a full Dail debate
expected on Wednesday afternoon.

The new regime follows months of internal dispute between the Fine Gael and
Labour parties in government. It also follows a huge public backlash, with major
demonstrations drawing some 100,000 people on to Dublin streets on October 10,
and 150,000 people demonstrating at 100 venues countrywide on November 1. Ms
Burton yesterday hinted that the charges would be capped for roughly three
years.

She said she was confident water charges would be capped "for a very significant
period of time".

Ms Burton also said that her experience as an accountant told her that the time
frame to establish Irish Water had been too short and was over-ambitious.

"This is all potentially great stuff for everybody, but you can't do it within
this timeframe. It really has to be rolled out," the Tanaiste told 'The Marian
Finucane Show' on RTE radio yesterday.

Government sources last night said they were confident that the new regime would
not impair Irish Water's status as a semi-state firm capable of borrowing
without adding to the national debt. Some (EURO)10bn is required to ensure that
Ireland's creaking and leaking water system is upgraded to an acceptable level.

The bulk of the work has been done by the "cabinet within a cabinet", the
so-called Economic Management Council. This usually comprises the Taoiseach and
Tanaiste as well as the two ministers responsible for finance, Michael Noonan
and Brendan Howlin.

Environment Minister Alan Kelly and Communications Minister Alex White have also
been involved. But Mr Kenny has already assured Fine Gael TDs and senators that
the final sign-off on the charges package will be done by all 15 Cabinet
ministers and a special meeting on the issue may be held.

Labour will undoubtedly claim an internal victory, as almost two weeks ago, Ms
Burton said she believed an average family of four would pay less than (EURO)200
per year. But the bigger battle will be winning public confidence.

Cappe t Capped charges for at least three years from 2015 to 2017 Cap for one
adult household* Numbers not going to Irish Water Pay either the capped or the
metered rate - whichever is lower Metered children's free allowance - honour
system, no evidence required Cap for all other households* *Estimate WATER
CHARGES The breakdown ...

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A garda tries to restrain a protester at the Mansion House yesterday
where Taoiseach Enda Kenny was heckled.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              176 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                            March 10, 2011 Thursday

Japan grants United States $ 103,713 for improvement of Water Supply, Sanitation
in Muzaffarabad

SECTION: Vol. 16 No. 67

LENGTH: 330  words


The Government of Japan has provided grant assistance of US $103,713 (approx.
Rs. 8.6million) to the ASTAFADA, a non-governmental organization, for the
Improvement of Water Supply and Sanitation System in Muzaffarabad, AJK.

The agreement for the project was signed on Wednesday, at the Japanese
Ambassador's residence in Islamabad, between Mr. Chihiro Atsumi, Ambassador of
Japan to Pakistan and Mr. Muti-ur-Rehman, President of the ASTAFADA.

The grant will be utilized for laying down the pipe lines and constructing four
water tanks with ten distribution points to supply safe drinking water to the
project area that was badly affected in the 2005 earthquake. The project will
also provide sanitation facilities for schools and other public places to
improve the hygiene conditions. Awareness raising activities will also be
conducted to enhance the impact of sanitation. Through this project, 380
households (around 2,400 individuals) will be supplied water to their door
steps, while around 3,200 additional people from surrounding villages will
access water from different distribution points. Inhabitants of this locality
have faced difficulty accessing clean drinking water. This project will mainly
benefit women and young girls of the locality, who have had to travel distance
to fetch water, in order to fulfil everyday household needs, and will relieve
them from this burden. Furthermore, this project will improve the health
environment by preventing people from contracting water born diseases caused by
contaminated water.

At the signing ceremony, Ambassador Atsumi stressed that improving the water
supply system and sanitation was one of the priority areas in Japan's assistance
policy towards Pakistan. He expressed that this project would help in improving
the fundamental living standards of the people in Muzaffarabad. He also hoped
that the current project would certainly strengthen the existing friendly
relations between the peoples of Japan and Pakistan.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              177 of 996 DOCUMENTS


              San Gabriel Valley Tribune (West Covina, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 13, 2007 Tuesday

Conserve water with 'smart' sprinklers

BYLINE: Nisha Gutierrez, San Gabriel Valley Tribune, Calif.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 438 words


Mar. 13--The Upper San Gabriel Valley Municipal Water District is promoting
water conservation by urging residents to trade in their old sprinkler systems
for a smarter gadget for free.

The state-of-the-art "smart" system monitors a landscape's environmental
conditions and waters accordingly and is part of a pilot program sponsored by
the water district and the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California.

Residents who live in the Upper San Gabriel Valley water district service area
who have an irrigation system to exchange are eligible to receive a free smart
system March 24, but must call before to make an appointment.

Tim Jochem, the district's general manager, said the systems have the potential
to conserve up to 50,000 gallons of an average household's annual water use.

"The conventional automatic sprinkler controllers we are used to are convenient
because you can set them and forget them, but they kind of create a disadvantage
for water conservation," Jochem said. "The reason is because they will come on
regardless of the weather. The new systems in a sense allow us to conserve
without thinking about it."

James Kent of Glendora received his smart system last year and said he has been
impressed with the way it works.

"It's a great unit," Kent said. "It senses the weather so if it's going to rain
it senses the moisture in the air and the sprinklers won't turn on. Then it goes
back to the way I programmed it the next day."

Bob Muir, spokesman for the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California,
said the smart controllers have already shown great potential for hundreds of
homeowners across the Southland.

"Up to 70 percent of water used in household is used outside," Muir said. "These
smart controllers go a long way to reduce that water usage to as much as 50
percent without affecting the quality or health of your plants."

Jochem said the pilot program is being funded through state and federal grants
secured by the MWD.

After receiving the new controller participants will attend a 30-minute class to
learn how to properly install and program their new irrigation controller.

For more information, call the district's Water Conservation Department at
(626)443-2298.

To see more of the San Gabriel Valley Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.sgvtribune.com. Copyright (c) 2007, San Gabriel Valley Tribune,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070313-GB-WATER-CONSERVE-20070313

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GB


                   Copyright 2007 San Gabriel Valley Tribune


                              178 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             July 31, 2007 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

A little ray of sunshine for solar shifters

BYLINE: Wendy Frew

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Eco; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 571 words


Installing solar hot water can be as easy on the purse as it is on the
environment, writes Wendy Frew.

Solar hot water has finally come in from the cold: the market is awash with
rebates for householders to switch from electric hot water to the
environmentally friendly solar systems.

However, getting your hands on the money - including a $1000 rebate announced by
the Federal Government this month - is not as simple as it looks.

You could cut the cost of installing solar hot water to as little as a few
hundred dollars, depending on where you live and who you buy your electricity
from. But not all the rebates are available immediately and there is a fair bit
of paperwork and phone calls involved.

Application forms for the government rebate, which will be made available to
225,000 households, are not expected to be ready until September 1.

But if you register with the Australian Greenhouse Office
(www.greenhouse.gov.au/rebates), a form will be sent to you when they are ready
and the rebate will be backdated to solar hot water or heat pump hot water units
bought and installed after July 17. Heat pumps work like airconditioners, taking
heat from the surrounding air and transferring it to the water to be used in a
household.

Eligible householders must replace an electric hot water system at their
principal residence and have taxable family income of less than $100,000.

The units must also be eligible for at least 20 renewable energy certificates.
Under the Government's mandatory renewable energy target, the installation of
certain kinds of renewable energy or green technology is rewarded with
certificates, a sort of electronic form of currency that is traded on an open
market.

Householders can create and trade these certificates on their own, but it is
much easier to sign your credits over to a government-registered agent, such as
Solarhart or Energy Australia, which will sell them and pass on the funds to you
in the way of a discount on the price of the hot water system.

The agent will probably also handle the paperwork required to prove you have
bought and installed a new water hot system that meets the test.

Consumers could get as much as $700 from certificates, on top of the $1000
Government rebate, according to solar hot water manufacturer Solarhart. The
Government says it might take as long as two months to get the rebate.

EnergyAustralia has its own solar hot water offer for households in many parts
of Sydney, which can be combined with government grants.

Under that plan, 500,000 households with off-peak electric hot water systems can
save up to $1000 when they switch from electric to solar hot water or heat
pumps, and get gas for up to half price. Business customers can also take
advantage of the offer, which is a combination of certificates, a discount from
the manufacturer, and funding from a NSW State Government climate change fund.

Existing EnergyAustralia customers will be charged for the discounted system on
their next electricity bill which, in many cases, would allow the customer time
to apply for and receive rebates.

Excluding Government rebates, a solar hot water roof-top system bought through
EnergyAustralia would cost an estimated $2750, compared with the standard price
of about $3700.

If you live in the Hornsby council area, you can apply for another $750 rebate
from the council. A NSW Government rebate of up to $1200 is also expected to be
introduced from January 1.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Hot item ... mounting discounts and rebates are cutting the cost
of solar hot water systems. Photo: Adam McLean

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              179 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Wexford People (Ireland)

                                November 1, 2016
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Grants for replacing lead pipes in the home;
Know Your Rights

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 270 words


We think that the water pipes in our house are made of lead and pose a risk to
our health. We can't afford to spend a lot on replacing them. Can we get a
grant? The local authorities administer a means-tested grant scheme to help
low-income households with the cost of replacing lead pipes and fittings.

You will need to provide evidence of your household's income when applying to
the local authority for the grant.

o If your income is below (EURO)50,000 a year, you may get a grant of up to 80%
of the cost, up to a maximum of (EURO)4,000 o If your income is between
(EURO)50,001 and (EURO)75,000, you may get up to 50%, up to a maximum of
(EURO)2,500 You must own the dwelling and live in it as your principal private
residence (your main home). You must get the remedial work done before applying
for the grant.

The contractor who does the work must give you the following: a current tax
clearance certificate; itemised receipts; written confirmation that materials
used are of appropriate quality and written confirmation that a proper standard
of workmanship has been applied.

You must also get evidence of a risk of lead contamination in your home. This
can either be: o A letter from your water supplier, advising that your water
system is likely to contain lead pipes and fittings, or o A certificate from an
accredited laboratory, showing that the amount of lead in your water supply is
over the statutory limit You will need to enclose all these documents with your
grant application. Read more on www.housing.gov.ie.

Further information on both questions above is available from the Citizens
Information Centre below.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WXP


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              180 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Essex Chronicle

                            August 31, 2006 Thursday

£1,000 reward for homes switching to solar water

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 234 words


Environment-conscious residents who switch to a solar water system are in line
for a £1,000 grant from Braintree District Council.

They are being urged to make the change to save on energy bills and cut carbon
emissions. the only condition to qualify for a grant is that the work is done
through the council scheme, using installers accredited to the DTI's Low Carbon
Buildings Programme.

This also gives householders an added bonus of being able to claim  a further
£400 grant from the Energy Saving Trust and ensures the system complies with
building regulations.

The system works by capturing light from the sun and converting into heat, much
the same way as a greenhouse.

The heat is then passed to a liquid, which preheats the water in a hot water
cylinder.

The cost of a system is £4,000 for an "average-sized house" and should provide
up to 60 per cent of the hot water needed, mostly in the summer.

Savings depend on the type of fuel currently in use. An average household on
mains gas spends about £500 a year for hot water. The system could take up to
nine years to pay for itself.

Cabinet member for the environment Cllr Michael Gage said: "As part of our
commitment to sustainable energy we need to encourage as many people as possible
to consider ways of adapting to the impact of climate change.

"We hope the grant, which makes it cheaper to switch to solar, will enable more
people to make this step."

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 Essex Chronicle
                              All Rights Reserved


                              181 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Essex Chronicle

                            August 31, 2006 Thursday

£1,000 reward for homes switching to solar water

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 234 words


Environment-conscious residents who switch to a solar water system are in line
for a £1,000 grant from Braintree District Council.

They are being urged to make the change to save on energy bills and cut carbon
emissions. the only condition to qualify for a grant is that the work is done
through the council scheme, using installers accredited to the DTI's Low Carbon
Buildings Programme.

This also gives householders an added bonus of being able to claim  a further
£400 grant from the Energy Saving Trust and ensures the system complies with
building regulations.

The system works by capturing light from the sun and converting into heat, much
the same way as a greenhouse.

The heat is then passed to a liquid, which preheats the water in a hot water
cylinder.

The cost of a system is £4,000 for an "average-sized house" and should provide
up to 60 per cent of the hot water needed, mostly in the summer.

Savings depend on the type of fuel currently in use. An average household on
mains gas spends about £500 a year for hot water. The system could take up to
nine years to pay for itself.

Cabinet member for the environment Cllr Michael Gage said: "As part of our
commitment to sustainable energy we need to encourage as many people as possible
to consider ways of adapting to the impact of climate change.

"We hope the grant, which makes it cheaper to switch to solar, will enable more
people to make this step."

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 Essex Chronicle
                              All Rights Reserved


                              182 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                            March 16, 2017 Thursday

Q&A: Careful planning is vital for domestic well owners

SECTION: SUPPLEMENTS

LENGTH: 919 words


Up to 30% of the household wells in Ireland are contaminated by E coli bacteria,
according to the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).

Ireland s growing number of VTEC E coli poisoning cases is often linked to
consuming untreated water from household wells.

Ireland has the highest incidence of VTEC cases in Europe.

It is estimated there are 170,000 household wells in Ireland which supply water
to individual private households, and most of them have no form of water
treatment

Since 2011, the HSE has reported more than a doubling of the number of VTEC
cases in Ireland.

Consumers of water from household wells are at a much greater risk of VTEC than
those who drink water from either public or private mains supplies.

These wells are exempt from regulation and responsibility for looking after them
rests with the householder, according to the EPA, which issues the following
advice.

My water looks and tastes great, does that mean it is safe to drink?

No, it does not mean it is safe to drink, however, some contaminants such as E
coli may not cause your water to be discoloured.

It is advisable to get your well tested once per year (ideally during poor
weather conditions).

If your water is occasionally or frequently discoloured, it may be an indication
that your well is contaminated from time to time.

It is advisable to get your well tested the next time it becomes discoloured,
and consider boiling that water until you are sure it is safe.

Just because the usual householders are not getting sick, doesn t mean that the
well is safe.

Visitors may be more susceptible to low level contamination, because they may
not have developed immunity to the infectious organisms that may be in your
well.

What are the main risks to the safety and quality of water in my well?

The main risk to your well is contamination from human or animal waste. Many
areas in Ireland have high groundwater vulnerability, which makes contamination
of well water more likely.

If your well is vulnerable to contamination, and is not properly constructed, it
is possible that human or animal waste from septic tanks, land spreading, or
runoff from the surrounding land may enter your well.

Contaminated water can make you or anyone who consumes the water ill.

If you are concerned about your well water, contact your local authority or your
HSE Environmental Health Officer for advice.

If you suspect that your water may be contaminated, it may be advisable to boil
your water until you have had your well water tested.

Where can I get my water tested?

Your local authority s environment section, or the HSE Environmental Health
Officer, will be able to advise on a laboratory. Alternatively, you can get the
name of a suitable private laboratory from the Golden Pages telephone directory

What should I get it tested for?

It is most important to get your water tested for E coli, and Coliform Bacteria.

The need for other tests depends on the location of your well and the appearance
of your water.

For example, if your well is in an agricultural area, you may well need to get
it tested for nitrate, or   if it is slightly discoloured   you may want to get
it tested for iron and manganese.

When making arrangements with the laboratory, you should describe any concerns
you have about your well water, and they will be able to advise on what specific
tests should be carried out.

It is recommended that you test your well water at least once a year for
microbioligical contamination, and every three years for chemical contamination.

My well is contaminated what should I do?

You should check your well to see if there are any obvious signs of
contamination such as recent landspreading or cattle too close to your well.

Protecting the catchment area of your well is one of the best ways to protect
the quality of your water. You should also check to see is there any ingress of
water into the borehole.

If your well is contaminated with E. coli or Coliform Bacteria, you should boil
the drinking water from the well until you are sure it is safe to drink and cook
with.

You should sterilise your well and see if this resolves the contamination (after
retesting).

If this is not successful in restoring the quality of your water, you may need
to consider improving the protection of your well and/or installing an
appropriate treatment system. Once-off disinfection cannot replace a treatment
system, if your supply is always or often contaminated.

If your well is contaminated with a chemical, you should contact your local
authority for advice in the first instance.

You may also consider connecting to a public or group water scheme.

Where can I get information in relation to treatment systems for my household
well?

The type of treatment suitable for your well depends on the results of testing.
You can get a list of suppliers of water treatment systems in the Golden Pages.

You should advise any potential suppliers of the results of testing so that they
are aware of what treatment is required.

Are there any grants available to improve the quality of my well?

Yes. Grants are available from your local authority where improvement works are
necessary to address a serious deficiency in the quality of water.

The grant can cover the drilling of a new well, rehabilitating an existing well,
construction of pumps house and associated works or the provision of treatment.

Currently up to 75% of the approved costs (subject to a limit of  2,031.58) is
available. You should go to your local authority website for more details on the
application process.

EPA

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              183 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             March 11, 2011 Friday

Pakistan: Japan grants US$ 103,713 for improvement of Water Supply, Sanitation
in Muzaffarabad

LENGTH: 366  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, March 11 -- The Government of Japan has provided grant assistance of
US $103,713 (approx. Rs. 8.6million) to the ASTAFADA, a non-governmental
organization, for the Improvement of Water Supply and Sanitation System in
Muzaffarabad, AJK.

The agreement for the project was signed on Wednesday, at the Japanese
Ambassador's residence in Islamabad, between Mr. Chihiro Atsumi, Ambassador of
Japan to Pakistan and Mr. Muti-ur-Rehman, President of the ASTAFADA.

The grant will be utilized for laying down the pipe lines and constructing four
water tanks with ten distribution points to supply safe drinking water to the
project area that was badly affected in the 2005 earthquake. The project will
also provide sanitation facilities for schools and other public places to
improve the hygiene conditions. Awareness raising activities will also be
conducted to enhance the impact of sanitation. Through this project, 380
households (around 2,400 individuals) will be supplied water to their door
steps, while around 3,200 additional people from surrounding villages will
access water from different distribution points. Inhabitants of this locality
have faced difficulty accessing clean drinking water. This project will mainly
benefit women and young girls of the locality, who have had to travel distance
to fetch water, in order to fulfill everyday household needs, and will relieve
them from this burden. Furthermore, this project will improve the health
environment by preventing people from contracting water born diseases caused by
contaminated water.

At the signing ceremony, Ambassador Atsumi stressed that improving the water
supply system and sanitation was one of the priority areas in Japan's assistance
policy towards Pakistan. He expressed that this project would help in improving
the fundamental living standards of the people in Muzaffarabad. He also hoped
that the current project would certainly strengthen the existing friendly
relations between the peoples of Japan and Pakista Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              184 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Maryland Gazette

                          December 21, 2005 Wednesday

SP woman first to get radium abatement check

BYLINE: Patrick Ripley; Staff Writer

SECTION: INSIDE; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 451  words


The first government check to pay for a water treatment system to remove
naturally occurring radioactive metal found in north county well water was cut
this week.

In an initiative spearheaded by Del. John R. Leopold, R-Pasadena and Department
of Housing and Community Development Secretary Victor Hoskins, state and local
government will pay for up to one quarter of the cost of treatment systems which
remove the cancer causing element, Radium, from residential drinking water.

"There has to be an intensive effort to inform citizens of the assistance that
is available to them," Mr. Leopold said Monday, the same day the first
reimbursement check was presented to Severna Park resident Fannie White, who
said she had taken to drinking bottled water once she found out there was radium
in her well water.

She received a reimbursement check for more than $400 for the installation of
radium filters in her tap water and refrigerator ice machine, which allows her
to get rid of the heavy water cooler bottles she had been using.

"After I found out not long ago that there was something that could be done, I
was happy. This has made my life so much nicer and better," Mrs. White said of
the pilot program. "I am a senior and I live on a fixed income and the check is
very wanted and needed."

The program offers to pay up to one-quarter of expenses for radium treatment
systems installed in households with private wells determined to contain the
dangerous element. The reimbursement is based on household income. Households
that make more than $80,000 per year do not qualify for the program. Of the one
quarter cost covered by the program, the county pays 50 percent and the state
covers the other 50 percent.

"Passing legislation is not enough," Mr. Leopold said of the three-year pilot
effort known as the Radium Pilot Grant Program, created by a bill passed by the
General Assembly in 2003. The delay in implementation comes from residents being
unaware of the program, Mr. Leopold said, explaining he has worked hard in
recent months to get the word out.

While the program applies throughout the state, Mr. Leopold said radium problems
are unique to Anne Arundel County, particularly pointing to Pasadena and homes
on the Fort Smallwood peninsula where many residents have wells.

"Most of the wells that have been found to have excessive levels of radium have
been found in Pasadena," Mr. Leopold said, encouraging anyone with concerns to
take advantage of the program.

The program is set to sunset in December 2008.

For more information on the Radium Pilot Grant Program call state Department of
Housing and community Development at 410-514-700 or 800-756-0119 or e-mail them
at customerservice@dhcd.state.md.us.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2005 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              185 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Sun Journal (New Bern, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 20, 2012 Monday

City goes after grants to help distressed areas

BYLINE: Eddie Fitzgerald, Sun Journal, New Bern, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 527 words


Feb. 20--New Bern aldermen held several public hearings last week in an effort
to get grants that could help distressed areas of the city, and small businesses
and low income residents who want to hookup to city water or sewer lines.

Aldermen held the first of two public hearings on applying for a small business
grant.

The N.C. Division of Community Assistance recently opened the application window
for the 2011 Community Development Block Grant Small Business and
Entrepreneurial Assistance grant program. The maximum grant amount is $250,000
and the minimum is $150,000. No matching funds are required from the city. The
application is due on April 30.

The primary purpose of the program is to provide funding to local governments to
jumpstart growth of existing small businesses and create new jobs or retain
existing ones. The assistance must lead to the creation or retention of jobs
primarily benefiting low and moderate income persons.

Funding eligibility is contingent upon the creation or retention of permanent
full-time jobs, at least 70 of which must be made available to persons earning
80 percent or less of the area median income within the previous 12 months
Currently Craven County's median income is $58,000 for a family of four.

Local business owners may contact the city's community development coordinator
at 639-7586 for more information.

Aldermen also held the first of two public hearings on a Community Development
Block Grant program for water and sewer hookup.

The purpose of the Infrastructure Hookup Grant Program is to connect low to
moderate income households to existing water and/or sewer lines not originally
installed with CDBG funds. The program will pay for tap fees connection of the
house to the existing utility lines and other costs directly associated with the
connection.

Household eligibility requirements include the public water or sewer line that
will serve the house must be installed in the ground and in use by households
along the line prior to submission of the application. Installation of the line
was not funded in whole or part by CDBG funds.

Household must be very low or moderate income. The maximum income for a family
of four cannot exceed $46,400 and residences to be connected must already have
indoor plumbing in working order.

All residences to be connected must be identified in the application. Generally
all eligible applicants are included in the application

The maximum grant request is $75,000 and it does not require a local match. The
application is due April 10.

Citizens interested in applying for this grant should contact Sue Steinhauser,
community development coordinator, at 639-7586 no later than March 16.

After another public hearing, aldermen approved annexing 37.51 acres owned by
NAD Development off of Old Airport Road and 194.84 acres of rural, agriculture
land owned by John R. Hardee that encompasses the NAD property.

Eddie Fitzgerald can be reached at 252-635-5675 or at efitzgerald@freedomenc.com
Follow him on Twitter @staffwriter3.

___ (c)2012 the Sun Journal (New Bern, N.C.) Visit the Sun Journal (New Bern,
N.C.) at http://www.newbernsj.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120220-NS-City-goes-after-grants
-to-help-distressed-areas-0220-20120220

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                           Copyright 2012 Sun Journal


                              186 of 996 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          February 27, 2008 Wednesday

Community builds on its success

BYLINE: John Fuquay, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 758 words


Feb. 27--Community leaders in Eastover worked on their own to solve their water
problems by building a public water system in the county.

The Eastover Sanitary District serves almost 3,000 homes and businesses in a
large section of northeast Cumberland County. And customers are being added
nearly every day. A line was recently extended near Wade because that town was
unable to connect a dozen families to its system.

"They were having real bad problems, and we wanted to help them," said Morgan
Johnson, an Eastover district board member. "We intend to serve every customer
in our district. No matter your race or income, everybody deserves good, clean
drinking water.

"If there's a habitable dwelling anywhere in the district, we're going to put a
meter box in front of it."

The district was created in 1998 when residents of the then-unincorporated
community became fed up with the brown water coming from their wells. The water,
which was high in magnesium and iron, looked like iced tea but smelled and
tasted bad.

"When you'd wash your white clothes, they'd come out yellow," Johnson recalled.

At the time, Talmage Baggett was a county commissioner and a member of the
Eastover Civic Association. He also was the town of Godwin's attorney and helped
that town apply for a federal grant for its water system.

With the Eastover association's approval, Baggett received permission from
county commissioners to form the independent district, whose residents would
elect their own board members.

"We knew the county didn't want to get in the water business, so instead of
saying, 'Why hasn't the city done it, or why hasn't the county done it?' we just
said, 'Let us do this for ourselves,''' Baggett said. "We were able to do what
the county and the PWC were not able to do, which I think is remarkable."

The district initially was created with a $4.8 million loan from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture Rural Development program. The original 1,500
households and businesses on the system agreed to pay $15 a month to repay the
40-year loan, which costs $217,000 yearly at 4.5percent interest. Construction
was completed in 2000.

Since then, the district has received an additional $12million in loans and
grants -- including a $250,000 loan from Cumberland County -- to expand water
and add sewer services to an additional 1,200 customers. The district now
extends from the Cape Fear River east to the Sampson County line and north to
the town of Wade.

Water lines have been built along most of the district's roads. Residents pay
$125 to connect, plus the cost of running lines from a meter at the street into
their homes. The average water bill is about $45. Eastover owns the lines and
the PWC supplies the water.

Cumberland County and the PWC have struggled to provide water to residents
outside Fayetteville. Pockets of the county have been connected to the PWC
system, but not in an area as expansive as the Eastover district.

Tom Cooney, the county's utility director, said he has been unable to find
grants and loans such as those used to build the Eastover district. Some parts
of the county are ineligible for funding because median household income is too
high. Programs that benefit small rural areas consider Cumberland County too
urban to qualify, and many of the other loans and grants are smaller than those
offered 10 years ago.

Steve Blanchard, the PWC's general manager, said the city-owned utility is
willing to extend services in the county, but not if it costs PWC customers.

Meanwhile, Eastover is gradually finding more and more customers throughout the
northeast section of the county.

"Cumberland County has not supported a countywide water utility system," Johnson
said. "The PWC was created as a regional system, and the county has decided it
did not need a dual system. As a result, the county has got behind the power
curve on that. We are expanding our borders now. The county needs to do it, but
we chose to do it for them, and they are happy we are since we already have the
organization and everything going."

Staff writer John Fuquay can be reached at fuquayj@fayobserver.com or (919)
828-7641.

To see more of The Fayetteville Observer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.fayettevillenc.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Fayetteville
Observer, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080227-FY-Community-builds-on-its-success-0227

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2008 The Fayetteville Observer


                              187 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           November 28, 2015 Saturday

Ebeye Water Supply and Sanitation Project

LENGTH: 577  words


Project Status:Approved
Modality :  Grant
Sector :

Energy,

Water and other urban infrastructure and services
Sector / Subsector:


Energy
- Electricity transmission and distribution
Water and other urban infrastructure and services
- Urban sewerage
- Urban water supply
Timetable: Concept Clearance 20 Dec 2012
Fact Finding 02 Dec 2014


to 08 Dec 2014
MRM 08 May 2015
Approval 28 Sep 2015
Last Review Mission -
Last PDS Update 22 Sep 2015
Source of Funding / Amount:Grant: Ebeye Water Supply and Sanitation ProjectAsian
Development FundUS$ 5.00millionAustralian GrantUS$ 4.00million
Description : The project will address factors which result in the high
incidence of waterborne disease on Ebeye, an island within Kwajalein Atoll.


Project Rationale and Linkage to Country/Regional Strategy
Ebeye has an area of approximately 31 hectares and a population of more than
9,600, (population density is about 31,000 persons per km2). The project will
improve access to safe water and sanitation and promote behavioral change to
improve hygiene standards.
High incidence of waterborne disease. Ebeye has a high incidence of waterborne
disease. The number of cases of waterborne disease, primarily gastroenteritis,
recorded by Ebeye Hospital since 2001 averages 1,182 cases per year. The high
incidence of waterborne disease is attributed to: (i) limited access to safe
water; (ii) ineffective hygiene behaviors, particularly among children; and
(iii) a dilapidated sanitation system.
Limited sources of fresh water. The primary sources of potable water for
households on Ebeye are the public fresh water supply (84%) ; household
rainwater tanks (15%); and bottled water (1%). Sources of potable water are
household rainwater harvesting and a reverse osmosis desalination (RO) plant
operated by KAJUR. Groundwater reserves are minimal and there are no freshwater
streams. The Ebeye RO plant, commissioned in 2001, uses outdated RO technology
and is energy inefficient and requires about 3 times more energy to produce the
equivalent volume of potable water than modern RO plants. Currently, the RO
plant produces 110,000 gallons potentially providing 11.4 gallons (44 liters)
per day to every person. However, the potable water available from fresh water
supply system is substantially less due to leakage from the fresh water supply
network and uncontrolled overflows from water reservoirs. Rainwater harvesting
is being increasingly utilized by households to increase access to potable water
but is not secure due to seasonal rainfall patterns and more frequent droughts.
In drought years water stored in rainwater tanks is rapidly consumed and
rainwater tanks may remain unreplenished for long periods. However, climate
projections for the Marshall Islands indicate higher air and sea temperatures
and higher rainfall and rainwater harvesting will become an increasingly
important supplemen

Project completion date : 2016-09-28 12:00:00
Major organization : OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SECRETARY

Address : Office of the Chief Secretary
P. O. Box 15, Majuro
Republic of the Marshall Islands
MH 96960

Country :Marshall Islands
Financier : Asian Development Bank (ADB),

Financier address : Asian Development Bank (ADB)
6 ADB Avenue,
Mandaluyong City 1550,


Philippines
Website : http://www.adb.org
Tel: +63 2 632 4444
Fax: +63 2 636 2444
Pacific Department,
Urban, Social Development & Public Management Division, PARD,
Responsible ADB Officer:Stephen Blaik

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              188 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

EBRD supports water system modernization in Kyrgyzstan

BYLINE: E. Kosolapova, Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 324 words


Aug. 03--The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) is
investing [#x20ac]2 million to help improve the supply of water to about 40,000
people living in the city of Kara-Balta, which is one of the largest industrial
and transport hubs in the northern part of the Kyrgyzstan, the bank reported on
Friday.

With the Bank's support the Kara-Balta Water Company will carry out significant
rehabilitation and modernization of water and wastewater networks -- pump
upgrades, installation of household/bulk meters and chlorination equipment. This
will enable the water supply and wastewater services to meet local requirements
and to move towards achieving full compliance with EU standards.

The project will be financed by a [#x20ac]2 million loan to Kara-Balta Water
Company and grant funds of [#x20ac]3 million from the EBRD Shareholder Special
Fund.

Additional grants of [#x20ac]1.3 million from the EBRD will be used to support
project implementation and to provide technical assistance to strengthen
operational and financial sustainability of the Kara-Balta Water Company.

"The project will allow the city to rehabilitate the water networks, install
consumer metering to provide a management tool for leakage detection and to
replace depleted water pumps. These measures will lead to a reduction of leakage
as well as a reduction of excessive use of water at household level. As a
consequence operating and maintenance costs for water supply will be reduced as
well," Kyrgyz Finance Minister Akylbek Japarov said speaking at the signing
ceremony in Kara-Balta.

Since the beginning of its operations in the Kyrgyz Republic, the EBRD has
invested over [#x20ac]414 million in more than 84 projects in the
infrastructure, corporate, energy and financial sectors.

Do you have any feedback? Contact our journalist at agency@trend.az

___ (c)2012 Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan) Visit Trend News Agency (Baku,
Azerbaijan) at en.trend.az Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120803-1AZ-EBRD-supports-water-system
-modernization-in-Kyrgyzstan-0803-20120803

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AZ


                                 Copyright 2012


                              189 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Private firm to seek PPS numbers for water grant

BYLINE: Paul Melia

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 629 words


A PRIVATE company will take PPS numbers and banking details from Irish Water
customers unable to apply for the (EURO)100 water conservation grant online.

Workers at a call centre will take personal information over the phone before
inputting it into a secure computer network, the Department of Social Protection
has confirmed.

The arrangements will apply to customers unable to apply for the grant using an
online application system, or those who choose to be paid by cheque.

It comes following controversy in recent months about Irish Water seeking PPS
numbers from customers registering with the utility.

Following a public backlash, the Government removed the obligation to provide
PPS numbers and Irish Water is currently deleting its database. The paper and
electronic records are gone, but telephone recordings have yet to be eliminated.

But tender documents show that the Department of Social Protection now plans to
force households to supply a PPS number when registering for the grant, and an
outside company will be employed to operate a call centre for some 1.65 million
households who are eligible.

The application process will begin from Monday, August 24 and run until Friday,
October 9, a period of just under eight weeks. Applications cannot be made
outside this period.

The grant will be paid in September, and the payment for 2016 is likely to be
made in the first quarter of next year. Customers can apply for the grant online
at a new website, www.watergrant.ie, but can also register by calling a low-call
number.

The successful tenderer will provide an "initial point of contact" for
customers, general information and will also assist customers, including taking
details.

"The successful tenderer will complete the on-line application process for
customers unable to complete the process themselves, as well as customers who
are unable to provide bank account details and who will be paid by cheque," the
documents state.

"Where customers are unable to complete the online application, subject to the
customer's consent, the successful tenderer will complete the application on
their behalf, subject to the relevant reference numbers, PPSN and bank account
details being provided.

"A small number may require payment by cheque... where bank account details are
unavailable, the successful tenderer will collect information required for the
issuing of a payment by cheque."

Households who wish to avail of the grant must register with Irish Water by June
30. The company will issue reference numbers, and this information, along with
name and address, confirmation that the application is in respect of their
primary residence only, PPS numbers and bank account details will be required
for the payment to be processed.

The department will begin writing to households outlining the process from the
middle of August and expects up to 300,000 customers - or 6,666 per day - to
call seeking further information. Letters will be issued on a "phased basis"
over 25 days to ensure the number of customers contacting the call centre can be
managed. A "surge" of calls is expected in the five days prior to the closing
date for applications.

The call centre will operate Monday to Friday from 9am to 5pm, and management
will have to provide "appropriate measures" for handling PPS numbers, bank
details and other "personal identifiers".

The Department of Social Protection said that call centre operatives would input
data on behalf of customers to a "secure web-based application", and that staff
would not have access to other sources of information.

"All data in respect of the application process for the Water Conservation Grant
will be stored securely by the Department of Social Protection within Ireland.
This includes PPS Numbers and bank account details," it added.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Irish Water managing director John Tierney

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              190 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    The Blairsville Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 30, 2009 Friday

Indiana County seeks grant for waterline project

BYLINE: Jared Stout, The Blairsville Dispatch, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 905 words


Oct. 30--The Indiana County commissioners are requesting up to $500,000 in grant
funds to extend public water service to 50 households in Brush Valley Township.

At their meeting Wednesday, the commissioners approved a resolution which
authorized the filing of a competitive Community Development Block Grant (CDBG)
application on behalf of the township. If the funding is approved, the
households that would receive the water are along Snyder, Cresswell and Round
Top roads.

Extending water service to those households has become a priority because mining
in the area has left some families without suitable sources of water.

"There are four or five homes out there that are bringing water in,"
commissioner Rod Ruddock said. "It's the springs they were depending on before.
The springs are now no longer operational."

Whether the project is eligible for funding is contingent upon an ongoing income
eligibility survey among the households that will be affected. The majority of
the households have to fall under a certain income level in order for the
project to qualify for funding. That's why it's important for residents of the
area to fill our their surveys and return them by Monday, said LuAnn Zak of the
Office of Planning and Development.

"These are really needed," Zak said. "Anyone who doesn't return a survey, we
have to count them as high income."

In addition to the Brush Valley project, the commissioners also approved filing
a competitive CDBG grant on behalf of Plumville Borough for $500,000 to develop
and construct a new public water supply and distribution system to 150
households and businesses in Plumville.

The county has already committed $152,500 in CDBG entitlement funds for the
proposed Plumville project, and the Indiana County Municipal Services Authority
will apply for a PennVest loan to complete the total project cost of $1.5
million.

A public hearing is scheduled for 10 a.m. Nov. 6 at the Office of Planning and
Development to take comments on both proposed projects.

For the 2009-10 fiscal year, the county will receive about a 12 percent
reduction in money from the Human Services Development Fund (HSDF), which helps
pay for various programs in the county.

Because of cuts in the state budget, the county will receive about $198,000 this
fiscal year, which is a drop from the approximately $225,000 it received last
year.

That allocation will be used to support the Alice Paul House sexual assault
prevention program, housing counseling, prescription assistance program, the
reality tour, The Open Door hotline, supported living services, supported
employment and career guidance and counseling.

All of those programs will receive a 12 percent reduction in funding.

Also at the meeting, the commissioners gave an update on their recent trip to
Washington, D.C., to visit with local and state lawmakers to talk about an
application for funding the expansion of broadband in Indiana and Armstrong
counties.

Commissioners from both counties visited with U.S. Sens. Bob Casey and Arlen
Spector along with U.S. Reps. John Murtha, Bill Shuster and Kathy Dahlkemper.

The commissioners decided to make the trip to emphasize the importance of the
funding to lawmakers after a state panel failed to recommend the counties'
application.

Ruddock said the National Telecommunications and Information Agency thought
highly of the proposed project, and he's hoping the application will be approved
at the federal level despite not getting a recommendation from the state.

The commissioners also:

--Named the Indiana County Chamber of Commerce as the lead agency for the Local
Economic Development Assistance Program. The program will receive $13,956 this
fiscal year, which is a reduction from the $36,823 it received last year.

--Entered into contracts with Simplex Grinnel to conduct fire alarm inspections
for $9,425 and sprinkler inspections for $2,963 at the Indiana County Jail.

--Applied for a grant of $79,693 to pay for the juvenile probation program.

--Entered into an agreement with BCS Construction, Inc., of Altoona to install a
vertical chair lift at the Pathways Homeless Shelter in Black Lick for a cost of
$25,093, to be paid for through an emergency shelter grant.

--Approved four contracts related to Children and Youth Services. The contracts
were for general maintenance, snow removal in the winter and cleaning services
at the CYS building as well as an agreement with Kathleen Canty for her to
represent the interests of children involved in litigation.

--Appointed Democrats Margaret Karp and Margaret Preite and Republicans Phyllis
Spicher and Bernice Lucas to the county return board for the Nov. 3 election.
Democrat Robin Maryai and Republicans Michael T. Clark and Debra Streams were
appointed to the resolution board.

--Named Betsy Fetterman, Penn Run; John D. McMullen, Armagh; and Robert Rittle,
Indiana to the Indiana County Parks and Trails committee through August 2014.

--Recognized the 50th anniversary of the Brush Valley Township Fire Company.

To see more of The Blairsville Dispatch or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pittsburghlive.com/x/blairsvilledispatch/. Copyright (c) 2009, The
Blairsville Dispatch, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services.
For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091030-DH-Indiana-County-seeks-grant-for-waterline-project-1030

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DH


                                 Copyright 2009


                              191 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                           December 22, 2005 Thursday

First radium abatement check goes to SP woman

BYLINE: PATRICK RIPLEY; Staff Writer

SECTION: ARUNDEL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 448  words


The first government check to pay for a water treatment system to remove
naturally occurring radioactive metal found in north county well water was cut
this week.

In an initiative spearheaded by Del. John R. Leopold, R-Pasadena, and Department
of Housing and Community Development Secretary Victor Hoskins, state and local
government will pay for up to one quarter of the cost of treatment systems,
which remove the cancer-causing element, radium, from residential drinking
water.

"There has to be an intensive effort to inform citizens of the assistance that
is available to them," Mr. Leopold said Monday, the same day the first
reimbursement check was presented to Severna Park resident Fannie White.

She said she had taken to drinking bottled water once she found out there was
radium in her well water.

She received a reimbursement check for more than $400 for the installation of
radium filters in her tap water and refrigerator ice machine.

This method now allows her to get rid of the heavy water cooler bottles she had
been using.

"After I found out not long ago that there was something that could be done, I
was happy. This has made my life so much nicer and better," Mrs. White said of
the pilot program.

"I am a senior and I live on a fixed income and the check is very wanted and
needed."

The program offers to pay up to one-quarter of expenses for radium treatment
systems installed in households with private wells determined to contain the
dangerous element. The reimbursement is based on household income. Households
that make more than $80,000 per year do not qualify for the program. Of the
one-quarter cost covered by the program, the county pays 50 percent and the
state covers the other 50 percent.

"Passing legislation is not enough," Mr. Leopold said of the three-year effort
known as the Radium Pilot Grant Program, created by a bill passed by the General
Assembly in 2003.

The delay in implementation comes from residents being unaware of the program,
Mr. Leopold said, explaining he has tried in recent months to get the word out.

While the program applies throughout the state, Mr. Leopold said radium problems
are unique to Anne Arundel County, particularly pointing to Pasadena and homes
on the Fort Smallwood peninsula where many residents have wells.

"Most of the wells that have been found to have excessive levels of radium have
been found in Pasadena," Mr. Leopold said, encouraging anyone with concerns to
take advantage of the program.

The program ends in December 2008.

For more information on the Radium Pilot Grant Program call state Department of
Housing and community Development at 410-514-700 or 800-756-0119 or e-mail them
at customerservice@dhcd.state.md.us.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2005 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              192 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                The Jordan Times

                             June 9, 2012 Saturday

'Millions to benefit from Zarqa water expansion projects'

LENGTH: 542  words


AMMAN - A set of multimillion-dollar projects to improve water and wastewater
services in Zarqa Governorate is on track and will be completed on time and
budget, Millennium Challenge Corporation (MCC) CEO Daniel Yohannes said.
Yohannes, whose organisation is funding the project, told The Jordan Times that
three million people in Zarqa and Amman would benefit from the ongoing five-year
project, while over 19,000 households in Zarqa will be connected to sewage
networks once the venture is completed. "I am very satisfied with where we are
today and I'm 100 per cent confident that the project will be done on time and
on budget in spite of all difficulties... The project will be able to provide
the kind of services that are required and demanded by people in Zarqa,"
Yohannes said.

The MCC extended a $275 million grant compact to Jordan in October 2010 to
renovate and extend water networks in Zarqa Governorate. The grant, which went
into effect in December last year, is managed and implemented by the Millennium
Challenge Account (MCA)-Jordan. Under the MCC grant programme, three integrated
projects will be implemented: a $108-million water network project, a
$58-million wastewater network project, and the $93-million Samra Wastewater
Treatment Plant expansion project. "There are always challenges, especially in
construction projects, but we have assembled an outstanding team with experts in
water. We have an excellent partnership with the government," Yohannes
highlighted. Noting that the project is progressing, he added that most of the
work will be completed during the next one-year-and-a-half. "By expanding the
wastewater treatment plant, more water for irrigation uses will be provided,
which means more water to be used for household needs." He also underscored the
importance of the Samra Wastewater Treatment Plant expansion project, noting
that it is a model of public-private partnership that aims at ensuring Jordan a
secure water supply. Asked whether the corporation would provide Jordan with
additional aid in the future, the MCC chief said that completing the water and
wastewater project in Zarqa is its main focus now. He noted that the MCC is
trying to encourage public-private sector cooperation in its partner countries
to invest in areas that need development. "Ultimately, our model is to encourage
countries to replace aid with investment from the private sector, so that aid is
no longer needed," Yohannes explained. In 2006, the MCC provided Jordan with a
$25 million threshold programme to support the government's efforts in advancing
political and economic reforms. The $25 million grant was allocated in two areas
over the course of two years: $16.5 million to support municipal development
programmes, and $8.5 million for modernising the customs administration. "All of
our projects, whether threshold programmes or compacts, are all identified by
our partner countries... As a result of the $25 million investment, very much
improved customs processing resulted: 80 per cent of the processing has improved
significantly since the investment in that area," Yohannes said. The MCC is an
independent US foreign aid agency created by the US Congress in 2004 to promote
economic growth and poverty reduction.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 62


                        Copyright 2012 The Jordan Times.
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              193 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             March 11, 2011 Friday

Pakistan: Japan grants US$ 103,713 for improvement of Water Supply and
Sanitation in AJK

LENGTH: 376  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, March 11 -- The Government of Japan has provided grant

assistance of US $103,713 (approx. Rs. 8.6 million) to the ASTAFADA, a

non-governmental organization, for the Improvement of Water Supply and
Sanitation System in Muzaffarabad, AJK.

The agreement for the project was signed here on Wednesday,at the

Japanese Ambassador's residence, between Chihiro Atsumi, Ambassador

of Japan to Pakistan and Muti-ur-Rehman, President of the ASTAFADA, said

a statement issued by the Embassy of Japan here on Wednesday.

According to the agreement, the grant will be utilized for laying

down the pipelines and constructing four water tanks with ten

distribution points to supply safe drinking water to the project area that was
badly affected in the 2005 earthquake.

The project will also provide sanitation facilities for schools and

other public places to improve the hygiene conditions.

Awareness raising activities will also be conducted to enhance the

impact of sanitation.

Through this project, 380 households (around 2,400 individuals) will

be supplied water to their door steps, while around 3,200 additional

people from surrounding villages will access water from different distribution
points.

Inhabitants of this locality have faced difficulty accessing clean

drinking water.

This project will mainly benefit women and young girls of the

locality, who have had to travel distance to fetch water, in order to fulfill
everyday household needs, and will relieve them from this burden.

Furthermore, this project will improve the health environment by

preventing people from contracting water borne diseases caused by contaminated
water.

At the signing ceremony, Ambassador Atsumi stressed that improving

the water supply system and sanitation was one of the priority areas in Japan's
assistance policy towards Pakistan.

He expressed that this project would help in improving the

fundamental living standards of the people in Muzaffarabad. He also hoped that
the current project would certainly strengthen the existing friendly relations
between the peoples of Japan and Pakista Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              194 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                             August 9, 2015 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Irish Water to lead levels in supply by adding chemicals;
Irish Water's chemical plan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1,2

LENGTH: 649 words


IRISH WATER is proposing to add a chemical to the water supply that will
dramatically decrease lead levels in pipes and lead to a pause in a replacement
programme that could cost households (EURO)750m, writes Sarah McInerney.

Jerry Grant, head of asset management in Irish Water, said the company will
introduce orthophosphate into the water supply in Limerick city in the next few
weeks, as a pilot project to test its effectiveness.

The chemical is used in all water supplies in Northern Ireland, as well as
across Britain and North America. It coats the inside of the pipes, inhibiting
the transfer of lead into the water.

Last week, Irish Water wrote to 20,000 Dublin households, informing them it had
found a visual indication during the metering programme that there might be lead
plumbing on their property.

The company has estimated 200,000 homes across the country may have lead
plumbing. Contaminated water carries serious health risks, particularly for
pregnant women and babies.

Grant said while replacement of lead piping is the ideal solution, it could take
up to 30 years. "There's an acceptance that removing all lead is something that
takes maybe two to three decades," he said.

"The way it's viewed across the world, orthophosphate is seen as an interim step
for about a generation. It would certainly reduce the levels of lead, bringing
them in, or close to, compliance [with EU standards]."

Irish Water has estimated it would cost (EURO)45m to install orthophosphate
treatment, and (EURO)5m-a-year in operating costs, a fraction of the cost of
replacing pipes. "We expect it will cost us about (EURO)250m to remove our
element of the lead service pipes, [those not on private property]," said Grant.
"If you extrapolate that, the cost to householders is likely to be in the order
of (EURO)750m, in terms of ratio."

There are environmental risks to the use of the chemical, however, as
phosphorous causes algae blooms in waste water, degrading its quality. This
means it would be "difficult to justify" using orthophosphate in areas where
waste water is discharged into inland rivers or lakes, Grant said.

"Both the EPA [Environmental Protection Agency] and the Department of
Environment would have concerns about us doing it," he said. "It's probably true
to say that had we done this 15 years ago it would have been a done deal, but
now we have to balance the public health requirement from a lead perspective
with the requirements of the water framework directive, which requires us not to
do anything that would make the water quality worse in rivers and lakes."

Irish Water is carrying out a strategic environmental assessment alongside the
pilot project in Limerick city, before making a final recommendation on whether
to use the chemical at the end of the year.

"On balance, subject to the outcome of public consultation on the strategic
environmental assessment, I think Irish Water is of the view that we should be
permitted to [introduce orthophosphate], where it's environmentally feasible,"
said Grant. "We see it as a good interim measure that benefits the customers."

The use of the chemical would also cover public buildings, many of which have
lead piping.

Grant said the other potential disadvantage to orthophosphate is it could lead
to a "complacency" among householders about replacing their pipes. "It will
reduce the levels of lead but the World Health Organisation says there is no
safe limit of lead, so replacement is the best solution," he said.

In June, environment minister Alan Kelly announced a grant for some households
that have to replace their pipes. "We are looking at grants of up to (EURO)4,000
for homes that have incomes of (EURO)50,000 or less, and grants of (EURO)2,500
for those with income levels of between (EURO)50,000 and (EURO)75,000," he said.
The cost of replacing pipes varies from (EURO)1,000 to (EURO)5,000, depending on
their location.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2015 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              195 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     November 18, 2014 Tuesday 4:59 PM GMT

Irish water: Charges to be capped at (EURO)160;
The cap will be (EURO)60 for a one-adult household and (EURO)160 for every other
household

BYLINE: By Colin Brennan

SECTION: NEWS,IRISH NEWS,POLITICS

LENGTH: 524 words


Irish water charges will be capped at (EURO)160.

The Government will make an announcement tomorrow about two maximum water charge
rates.

The cap will be (EURO)60 for a one-adult household and (EURO)160 for every other
household.

These figures take into account a (EURO)100 payment from the Government.

Bills from Irish Water will total (EURO)160 for a one-adult household and
(EURO)260 every other household but with the (EURO)100 payment it will amount to
(EURO)160 and (EURO)60.

It's understood the first billing will come in April, three months after it was
originally supposed to start.

The very first bills will arrive in April, covering three months, January,
February and March.

It will be still possible for families to bring down the charge if they have a
meter.

If the value of water used is less than the cap then then the bill will be
lower.

Every household who register with Irish Water will be able to get a (EURO)100
payment, known as a Water Support Services Grant.

The grant won't be means tested so every household will be able to get it.

Just over half of households nationwide have registered for Irish Water.

Irish Water will no longer be allowed to collect PPS numbers.

The Cabinet are due to meet tomorrow to sign off on all the new water package.

Families who want to avail of a metered bill will simply declare how many
children are living in the home under an "honour system" to get a free allowance
included in the calculation of the bill.

Government officials say there will still be an absolute imperative for
conserving water through metering.

Ministers met this morning to discuss the latest developments in water charges,
including the growing militancy of protests.

The Cabinet will hold a special meeting tomorrow morning to sign off on the
water charges package.

Individual members of gardai are being targeted on social media by water charge
protestors, the Dail has heard.

Justice Minister Frances Fitzgerald said cops are carrying out their duties in
"very difficult circumstances".

She said windows have been smashed, tyres have been slashed, bricks thrown at
gardai and children "placed in dangerous situation".

Ms Fitzgerald said: "If people have thrown themselves at cars, clearly the
Gardai have to protect them.

"There is a long tradition in this country of peaceful protests, the gardai have
a responsibility to monitor and to help and to allow those protests take place.

"She added: "What I am concerned about in relation to the current situation and
the kind of behaviour that means that the gardai have to be present at these
protests, the costs I am concerned about are garda time, the cost to garda
equipment and vehicles.

"I am concerned about the potential cost to life and serious injury that could
potentially take place.

"Ms Fitzgerald confirmed Gardai have been taken from their normal duties to
police protests.

She said it was unable to put a cost on that.

She said: "It is to stand reality on its head to suggest that the behaviour of
Gardai has been what has led to trouble at protests.

"Instead a small minority with their own agenda have set out ti cause as much
trouble without regard to the rights of others."

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              196 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                        February 15, 1997, CITY EDITION

Howlin seeks to kill off water controversy

BYLINE: By GERALDINE KENNEDY, Political Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS FEATURES; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 486 words


THE Government will make its third attempt next week to eliminate water charges
from the political agenda for the general election.

For the third time in three months, the Minister for the Environment, Mr Howlin,
is preparing to produce a package designed to kill off a controversy which,
initially, threatened the urban vote and is now shaping up as a major rural
issue in the election.

The National Federation of Group Water Schemes, chaired by Mr Bernard Keeley,
will decide tomorrow at a national rally in Athlone whether to run candidates on
a water-charges ticket in rural constituencies.

With 150,000 rural households, mostly in the west and north-west, dependent on
group water schemes and 170 such schemes already affiliated to the federation,
the strong intervention by Mr Keeley, its national chairman, has spurred the
Fine Gael element in Coalition into urgent action.

The latest problem to inflict the three-party Coalition - hitting Fine Gael
hardest, once again - results from the Minister's pre-Christmas announcement of
the intention to abolish water and sewage charges from January 1st, and
substitute car-tax funding for the local authorities.

With Democratic Left and urban dwellers claiming a victory Mr Howlin, apparently
unknowingly, unleashed a huge rural backlash from households depending on group
water schemes.

These schemes have been established over the years in a number of townlands in
rural Ireland where a developer often wants to build housing in areas not
covered by the local authority's mains supply. A capital grant is offered to the
household towards the installation costs and a yearly charge of Pounds 100 or so
is paid for supply.

There are 85,000 households in group schemes sourced from local authorities
supplies; 50,000-60,000 households in group schemes with their own source of
supply; and up to 130,000 with private individual supplies.

With claims of urban-rural inequality rising from the west, Mr Howlin moved to
dampen the rural controversy when he made his second water charges announcement
on January, 21st.

In an Pounds 18 million package for 1997, Pounds 3 million of it financed by the
EU, he announced that local authorities would no longer charge group schemes for
the supply of domestic water; a special financial provision of Pounds 5 million
a year to establish a new programme of works to enable local authorities to take
over existing group water and sewage schemes; and a new system of capital block
grants to enable local authorities to determine and carry out their own
programme for small water and sewage schemes, including group water schemes, in
their areas.

The current campaign aims to abolish the annual charge for the supply of water,
ostensibly to bring rural schemes into line with their urban counterparts. Mr
Howlin is finalising proposals to deal with this third phase of the water
charges controversy this weekend.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1997 The Irish Times


                              197 of 996 DOCUMENTS



               Island & Mainland News (Bribie Island, Queensland)

                                  July 8, 2009

News in brief

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 366  words

Hot water program

MEMBER for Morayfield Mark Ryan is encouraging eligible residents to become
involved with the Queensland government's solar hot water program. The program
has been designed to help cut household electricity bills and reduce carbon
emissions.

"This program will help eligible local people save money and save the
environment," Mr Ryan said.

"From July 1, about 28,000 Queenslanders who have pre-registered their interest
in the program will start receiving their application packs by email and post.
The program offers a standard installation greenhouse efficient solar hot water
system or heat pump for $100 to eligible Queensland pensioners and $500 to all
other eligible Queensland households.

"The Queensland government is delighted with the overwhelming response to this
program which offers reductions in household electricity bills of up to 25% and
cuts harmful household greenhouse gas emissions by up to 30%. All eligible
Queenslanders can still register and then apply for the program," Mr Ryan said.
To participate visit www.cleanenergy.qld.gov.au or phone the program hotline on
13 25 23.

Bribie High funds

MEMBER for Longman Jon Sullivan has announced that Bribie Island High School has
been successful in round 1 of the federal government's science and language
centres for the 21st century, or SLC initiative. The school has received the
maximum grant of $1.97 million to provide the best science and language teaching
facilities at the school.

"Bribie's three schools have now received grants totalling a little over $8.5
million from the Building The Education Revolution program," Mr Sullivan said.

Six other high schools in the Longman electorate have been successful in round 1
of the SLC initiative. They are Caboolture, Morayfield, Narangba Valley, Dakabin
and Deception Bay High Schools and St Columban's College.

Gem of a show

IF you are a fan of all things shiny and colourful, you cannot miss the Bribie
Island Gem and Fossicking Club Gem Show on September 12 and 13. The event will
be held at the community arts centre on Sunderland Drive from 8.30am until 4pm
each day.

Marvel at the original and spectacular gem displays or purchase a piece for
yourself.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SIN


                    Copyright 2009 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              198 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Jamestown Sun (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 3, 2012 Thursday

Stutsman Rural Water expands its footprint

BYLINE: Keith Norman, The Jamestown Sun, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 498 words


May 03--Residents in Woodworth along with about 270 rural households in Griggs,
Foster and northern Stutsman counties will be getting a new source of water this
summer.

Construction is starting this month on about 270 miles of water pipeline in an
expansion to the Stutsman Rural Water District.

"This will be wonderful," said Steve Scarbrough, Woodworth mayor. "We have a
water plant with a 15,000-gallon tank but it will be good to get rid of it."

Scarbrough said the community of about 42 households was constantly in fear of a
failure of the 30-year-old equipment that made up the city water treatment
plant.

"If something had ever gone wrong we don't have the money to fix it," he said.
"And the water plant is old and it wouldn't take much for us to have a major
problem."

Stutsman Rural Water will purchase treated water from Carrington and pump it to
a tank near Woodworth.

"That water tank at Woodworth is the highest point in our system," said Geneva
Kaiser, system manager for the district. "We will have a gravity feed from there
to the rest of the system, which cuts down on costs."

Kaiser said construction of the expansion project is expected to begin this
month with a scheduled completion date of July 1, 2013. The $10.1 million
project was funded by a $6.8 million grant from the North Dakota Water
Commission and $3.4 million in loans.

"Depending on the construction season they should get the bulk of the work done
this summer," Kaiser said. "They would have next spring to clean up any odds and
ends."

Rural homes will be hooked into the system in sections as areas of pipeline are
completed and tested. In Woodworth, the Stutsman Rural Water pipe will connect
to the existing city water distribution system at the old water plant.

The project involves 270 miles of pipe extending to Woodworth on the west and
east as far as Sutton and the Spiritwood area. The project is entirely north of
Interstate 94 in Stutsman, Griggs and Foster counties. When complete, about 270
rural residences will be connected to the pipeline.

"We had hoped to do a larger project but the bids came in high," Kaiser said.
"We had seven bidders but all the bids were higher than our estimates because of
all the construction out west."

The project was scaled down by about 50 miles and 65 households mostly in the
Cleveland and Eldridge areas and in Bloom Township, Kaiser said.

Kaiser said the plan is to include those areas and the area south of Interstate
94 west of Jamestown in the next phase of the project.

"We have a request for funding for those projects for the 2013 to 2015
biennium," she said.

Stutsman Rural Water District currently operates about 1,100 miles of pipe and
serves 1,300 households and the communities of Cleveland and Montpelier.

Sun reporter Keith Norman can be reached at 701-952-8452 or by email at
knorman@jamestownsun.com

___ (c)2012 The Jamestown Sun (Jamestown, N.D.) Visit The Jamestown Sun
(Jamestown, N.D.) at www.jamestownsun.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120503-QJ-Stutsman-Rural-Water-expands-its-footprint-0503-20120503

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QJ


                        Copyright 2012 The Jamestown Sun


                              199 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Joplin Globe (Missouri)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 3, 2015 Saturday

Bond proposals to face Jasper County voters

BYLINE: Susan Redden, The Joplin Globe, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 695 words


Jan. 03--Voters in parts of Jasper County will go to the polls on Feb. 3 to
decide revenue bond proposals that, if approved, would fund the expansion of a
water system and improvements to waste-water treatment.

Officials of Jasper County Public Water District No. 3 have proposed a $6.2
million revenue bond issue to expand and improve the public water system that
serves an area generally between Highway 96 and East Seventh Street, and east of
Carterville, Webb City and Joplin.

A $2.75 million bond issue is proposed by the Center Creek Wastewater Treatment
Board for improvements to the Center Creek Wastewater Transport and Treatment
System that serves Webb City, Oronogo and Carterville.

The water district, which has been in existence since 2001, went to court
earlier this year to get approval of a boundary expansion that approximately
doubles the size of the district.

"It doesn't include any area that's served by other cities, but we're happy to
be able to expand and help more rural people get water. It's a blessing for
people who don't have access to good wells," said Daryl Rhodes, president of the
district's board of directors.

The district currently serves 504 households. Susan Drake, district manager,
said approval of the bond proposal would allow lines to be extended to serve
another approximately 250 households within the enlarged district.

"That would be the first phase, but what we're proposing is a three-phase
project," she said.

The district currently buys water from Carterville and Duenweg, and a new well
to supplement those sources would be a part of the expansion, she said.

Expansion plans are being based on responses to letters sent out by the district
to learn if landowners are interested in getting drinking water lines extended
to their homes. The first area targeted is one around the Morgan Heights area
east of Oronogo where the district "got a lot of positive responses from those
landowners," Drake said.

Other areas will be identified later that also are based on residents'
responses. She said the district is seeking bonding authority for the
three-phase project, but will issue only the amount of bonds needed for each
phase of work.

Once water lines are extended into an area, homeowners will not be required to
hook on or take their wells out of service. Currently, more than 200 households
on district service lines still are using wells for drinking water, she said.

"It will be cheaper if they want to hook on initially, but they don't have to,"
she said. "And if they do hook on, they can still use their well to water their
cattle or their yard. We just can't allow any cross-connections between a well
and our system."

Webb City officials say upgrades proposed for the Center Creek Wastewater
Treatment Plant are needed to get the plant into compliance with state
regulations. The election is being scheduled in February in an effort to qualify
the $5.5 million project for a state grant that, if approved, would pay half the
costs. The project will only be eligible for the grant if the bond is passed in
February before the grant application deadline expires.

"The city has been under an enforcement action due to high zinc levels for about
eight years," said Carl Francis, city manager. "That's when the state added zinc
to the materials being monitored. With our mining history, as soon as it was
added, we were in violation."

Webb City officials say the upgrade would address higher than permitted
discharges of zinc, which enters the water system through the infiltration in
collection lines, and zinc in the accumulation of sludge that must be dried and
taken to a hazardous waste landfill in Lamar.

Francis said the city already has undertaken multiple projects to address zinc
levels in water discharge from the plant, but problems continue. The project
proposed under the bond issue, he said, would add a bio-cell reactor to collect
the zinc in the plant discharge. Plans also call for the development of a
wetland that would be planted with plants that absorb heavy metals.

___ (c)2015 The Joplin Globe (Joplin, Mo.) Visit The Joplin Globe (Joplin, Mo.)
at www.joplinglobe.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150103-JL-Bond-proposals-to-face-Jasper-County-voters-0103-20150103

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JL


                        Copyright 2015 The Joplin Globe


                              200 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            February 2, 2015 Monday

Rainwater Harvesting to reduce the impacts of drought exacerbated by Climate
Change in the community of Bouton, Saint Lucia.

LENGTH: 366  words


Grantee:  Bouton Community Development Committee
Area Of Work:  Community Based Adaptation
CapDev
Operational Phase:  Phase 5
Grant Amount: US$ 43,288.00
Co-Financing Cash: US$ 14,444.00
Co-Financing in-Kind:US$ 36,474.00
Description : This project emerged from a Planning Grant that funded a technical
study, which calculated that the community has for a while been suffering from a
water deficit of 29% per day. With the impacts of CC, the expectation is that
the situation will deteriorate and exacerbate the outmigration which is
occurring and the negative impacts on agriculture and livelihoods. The goal of
the project is to: "increase the capacity of the community of Bouton to carry
out rainwater harvesting and household water management." The objectives are to:
"(i) install thirty-eight (38) rain water harvesting systems with full
disinfection amenities and a pumping devise to twenty five (25) homes in the
Bouton community within eight months of project commencement; (ii) build
resilience through education of at least 38 residents of the Bouton community on
various aspects of housholds water management before culmination of the project;
and (iii) build capacity of the Bouton Community Development Committee for
effective project management within the first month of project execution."


The project will contribute to two outcomes in the CBA - CPS, id est,
"complementary and supplementary water resources for households and community
established and protected as a means of increasing resilience; and (ii) capacity
of existing structures and systems improved to create learning and nurture civic
responsibilities."
The baseline VRA score was 2.5 which emphasizes the lack of capacity in the
community to address the impacts caused by CC.
Grantee Contact :
Ms. Zam Riviere
Phone: 758-489-5309
Email: zamriviere@gmail.com
Address
Bouton
Soufriere ,
Project completion date : 2015-09-30 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : CARILEC Building, Desir Avenue, Sans Souci
Castries, The Caribbean, P.O. Box 8206 Choc

Country :Saint Lucia
Email : gilesr@unops.org,anelapjm@unops.org

Financier : Global Environment Facility Small Grants Programme (SGP),

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              201 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           October 29, 2015 Thursday

Virginia: Governor McAuliffe Announces $300,000 Community Development Block
Grant for Albemarle County

LENGTH: 424  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Richmond: Office of the Governor Terry McAuliffe, The state of Virginia has
issued the following news release:



 Governor Terry McAuliffe today announced a $300,000 Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) for Albemarle County for the Oak Hill Sanitary Sewer Phase II
project through the CDBG Construction Ready Water and Sewer Fund.  The Albemarle
County project will provide new public sewer service to the Oak Hill
subdivision, alleviating the reliance on aging septic systems that were built in
the 1960s.





 Speaking about today&rsquo;s announcement, Governor McAuliffe said, &ldquo;The
CDBG program has been an important tool to address infrastructure needs like
water and sewer in many of our communities throughout the Commonwealth.  We must
continue to invest in projects that provide critical infrastructure in order to
build a new Virginia economy and make Virginia a great place to live, work and
play.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;We are committed to providing the necessary resources to our communities
across Virginia,&rdquo; said Secretary of Commerce and Trade Maurice Jones.
&ldquo;By combining state and local funding, we are ensuring that this community
has safe and affordable water, and this will ensure a better quality of life for
the residents.&rdquo;



 The project is expected to benefit 20 households, with 17 of those households
being low- to moderate-income. The sewer service is funded under the CDBG
Construction Ready Water and Sewer Fund, which provides assistance to projects
providing public water or sewer service to communities made up of at least 60
percent low- to moderate-income households. Funds are distributed on a
first-come, first-served basis from January 1 through the end of September.



 &ldquo;We very much appreciate the state&rsquo;s support in making completion
of this critical infrastructure system possible for a neighborhood in need in
the County, and we look forward to continued partnership with the
Governor&rsquo;s Office and the Community Development Block Grant program to
address future infrastructure concerns in our community,&rdquo; said Jane
Dittmar, chair of the Albemarle County Board of Supervisors.



 Since 1982, the federally-funded CDBG program has been administered by the
Virginia Department of Housing and Community Development, and Virginia receives
up to $17 million annually for this grant program. Most CDBG grant funds are
awarded through a competitive process.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              202 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           October 28, 2015 Wednesday

Virginia: Governor McAuliffe Announces $300,000 Community Development Block
Grant for Albemarle County

LENGTH: 424  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Richmond: Office of the Governor Terry McAuliffe, The state of Virginia has
issued the following news release:



 Governor Terry McAuliffe today announced a $300,000 Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) for Albemarle County for the Oak Hill Sanitary Sewer Phase II
project through the CDBG Construction Ready Water and Sewer Fund.  The Albemarle
County project will provide new public sewer service to the Oak Hill
subdivision, alleviating the reliance on aging septic systems that were built in
the 1960s.





 Speaking about today&rsquo;s announcement, Governor McAuliffe said, &ldquo;The
CDBG program has been an important tool to address infrastructure needs like
water and sewer in many of our communities throughout the Commonwealth.  We must
continue to invest in projects that provide critical infrastructure in order to
build a new Virginia economy and make Virginia a great place to live, work and
play.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;We are committed to providing the necessary resources to our communities
across Virginia,&rdquo; said Secretary of Commerce and Trade Maurice Jones.
&ldquo;By combining state and local funding, we are ensuring that this community
has safe and affordable water, and this will ensure a better quality of life for
the residents.&rdquo;



 The project is expected to benefit 20 households, with 17 of those households
being low- to moderate-income. The sewer service is funded under the CDBG
Construction Ready Water and Sewer Fund, which provides assistance to projects
providing public water or sewer service to communities made up of at least 60
percent low- to moderate-income households. Funds are distributed on a
first-come, first-served basis from January 1 through the end of September.



 &ldquo;We very much appreciate the state&rsquo;s support in making completion
of this critical infrastructure system possible for a neighborhood in need in
the County, and we look forward to continued partnership with the
Governor&rsquo;s Office and the Community Development Block Grant program to
address future infrastructure concerns in our community,&rdquo; said Jane
Dittmar, chair of the Albemarle County Board of Supervisors.



 Since 1982, the federally-funded CDBG program has been administered by the
Virginia Department of Housing and Community Development, and Virginia receives
up to $17 million annually for this grant program. Most CDBG grant funds are
awarded through a competitive process.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              203 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           October 28, 2015 Wednesday

Virginia: Governor McAuliffe Announces $300,000 Community Development Block
Grant for Albemarle County

LENGTH: 424  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Richmond: Office of the Governor Terry McAuliffe, The state of Virginia has
issued the following news release:



 Governor Terry McAuliffe today announced a $300,000 Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG) for Albemarle County for the Oak Hill Sanitary Sewer Phase II
project through the CDBG Construction Ready Water and Sewer Fund.  The Albemarle
County project will provide new public sewer service to the Oak Hill
subdivision, alleviating the reliance on aging septic systems that were built in
the 1960s.





 Speaking about today&rsquo;s announcement, Governor McAuliffe said, &ldquo;The
CDBG program has been an important tool to address infrastructure needs like
water and sewer in many of our communities throughout the Commonwealth.  We must
continue to invest in projects that provide critical infrastructure in order to
build a new Virginia economy and make Virginia a great place to live, work and
play.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;We are committed to providing the necessary resources to our communities
across Virginia,&rdquo; said Secretary of Commerce and Trade Maurice Jones.
&ldquo;By combining state and local funding, we are ensuring that this community
has safe and affordable water, and this will ensure a better quality of life for
the residents.&rdquo;



 The project is expected to benefit 20 households, with 17 of those households
being low- to moderate-income. The sewer service is funded under the CDBG
Construction Ready Water and Sewer Fund, which provides assistance to projects
providing public water or sewer service to communities made up of at least 60
percent low- to moderate-income households. Funds are distributed on a
first-come, first-served basis from January 1 through the end of September.



 &ldquo;We very much appreciate the state&rsquo;s support in making completion
of this critical infrastructure system possible for a neighborhood in need in
the County, and we look forward to continued partnership with the
Governor&rsquo;s Office and the Community Development Block Grant program to
address future infrastructure concerns in our community,&rdquo; said Jane
Dittmar, chair of the Albemarle County Board of Supervisors.



 Since 1982, the federally-funded CDBG program has been administered by the
Virginia Department of Housing and Community Development, and Virginia receives
up to $17 million annually for this grant program. Most CDBG grant funds are
awarded through a competitive process.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              204 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             Sowetan (South Africa)

                            February 27, 2017 Monday

Mpumalanga on track - premier

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 397 words


We cannot have mining assets lying idle in the province
 MPUMALANGA premier David Mabuza delivered his state of the province address on
Friday.
 Here is what he said:
 l 88% of households have access to clean drinking water and this reflects an
additional 150933 households since 2011;


 l 90.7% of households have access to electricity;
 l 49% of households have access to the minimum required standard of sanitation,
which was inexcusable;
 l A large portion of the 2016/17 Municipal Infrastructure Grant (MIG) of
R1.8-billion will be committed to the provision of water and sanitation. There
are 265 projects currently being implemented across the province;
 l Water supply and sanitation are the most important basic services funded
through MIG for poor communities and as such, 58% of the grant, which amount to
R1-billion, is prioritised for 149 water and sanitation projects. The remaining
42% amounting to R768-million is committed to 116 projects that will include
electricity, solid waste, roads, and sports facilities.
 l We have completed the bulk water supply systems connecting a number of
villages like Hluvukani, Zoeknog, Tsakani and others.
 l In 2010 we undertook to eradicate 253 of these inappropriate and unsafe
structures [in schools] and to date we have replaced 247.
 l The department of education has invested R4.9-billion and completed a total
of 923 projects. Infrastructure investment has grown from R604-million in
2010/2011 to over a R1-billion in 2016/2017;
 l Over the last seven years. the department maintained and renovated 283
dilapidated and storm damaged schools;
 l Our unemployed youth currently constitute 71.9% of our total unemployed
population;
 l Our department of health has 42/286 PHC facilities that have achieved an
Ideal Clinic status;
 l We have completed refurbishments at three hospitals including Sabie Hospital,
Middleburg Hospital (ward 15) and KwaMhlanga Hospital;
 l Our patients currently rate their experience of care at PHCs at 82% and the
satisfaction rate at regional hospitals is recorded as 87%; and
 l We have directed the Mpumalanga Economic Growth Agency (MEGA) to explore the
viability of utilising its current mining holdings as a base from which to build
a diversified state-owned mining company. We cannot have mining assets that are
lying idle and unproductive when unemployment is this high, Mabuza said. -
Sibongile Mashaba

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Sowetan


                    Copyright 2017 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              205 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Customers must be registered by June 30 to get water grant

BYLINE: Paul Melia

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14,15

LENGTH: 683 words


HOUSEHOLDERS cannot claim the (EURO)100 water conservation grant unless they
register with Irish Water by June 30.

The Department of Social Protection will not sanction payments beyond this point
in a further ratcheting up of pressure on the 500,000 homeowners who have so far
failed to register.

It comes as Irish Water has admitted there will be mistakes in bills which are
being sent from next month.

It says that details such as the number of people in a household may be
incorrect; that 0.5pc of meters, or 2,500, will not be read due to technical
difficulties while up to 150,000 properties with a private well and septic tank
will be mistakenly billed for services. The bills will be sent to more than 1.5
million properties from next month.

Around half a million households which have failed to register will receive a
'default' bill of (EURO)65 for three months, or (EURO)260 per year.

And a significant number of the one million customers who have registered can
expect problems with their bills.

The utility said it would have 750 staff in place in its call centre to answer
customer queries. "If there is an issue, call us to clarify," a spokeswoman
said. "We want the right bills to go to the right customer, (but) we know the
information is not complete. We want to front up at this stage, there will be
issues and challenges. The billing system is working, but it's only as good as
the information we have. We anticipate a lot of calls on this."

Among the issues are: ¦ Up to 2,500 meters will not be read due to technical
difficulties, meaning inaccurate bills will be sent. The regulator has insisted
that 98pc of meters must be read, and Irish Water said it expected problems in
around 0.5pc of the total.

¦ Homeowners on boil-water notices may also be mistakenly sent a bill for
drinking-water. The utility said it would accept that the water was not fit to
drink and make the necessary deduction on the next bill. ¦ Bills will be
addressed to 'The Occupier' in up to 50,000 metered homes. This is because they
have a 'non-unique' address, or one which is shared by a number of other
properties, for example in a townland.

Coordinates An Post allocates a unique number to each property in the country,
based on map coordinates, and customers with nonunique addresses will be sent
two items of correspondence - a bill which could be, for example, to 'The
Occupier, Main Street, Bray', which will include a socalled Water Point
Reference Number (WPRN) allocated to the property.

Irish Water will send a second letter using An Post's database, and ask
householders to compare the WPRN to that on the bill. This allows them to update
their database with correct details.

The first bills will be issued from next month, with around 37,000 to be sent
every day. The entire billing cycle will take up to eight weeks, meaning some
homeowners will not receive their bill until June.

Irish Water insists that onein-three homes will have bills below the cap, which
stands at (EURO)160 per year ((EURO)40 for three months) for a single-adult
household and (EURO)260 ((EURO)65) for a home with two or more adults.

The bills are based on meters that were installed by January 1 last, around
500,000 properties. All other homes will be sent an 'assessed' bill. However, if
a meter has been installed since January 1, it will be taken into account for
the next billing period. Each household will also receive an information booklet
with their bill setting out how the charges work.

Among the "key things to remember" include a decision that the water
conservation grant will only be available if households register no later than
June 30, it says.

The grant will not be deducted from bills, but paid in a lump sum in September.
Customers must apply for the grant through a dedicated website called
www.watergrant.ie, using their Irish Water customer account number and other
details. The development comes despite the water regulator extending the
deadline to register until December 31. This allows customers to claim their
'free' child's allowance and avoid a default bill, but does not cover the water
grant.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              206 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                              May 06, 2011 Friday
                                   E1 Edition

Medical aid skewed, school access grows;
zz White population covered most

BYLINE:  Dineo Matomela

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 571 words


Membership of medical aid schemes was skewed more towards the white population,
the General Household Survey for 2010 conducted by Statistics SA has revealed.

It says about 71 percent of whites belonged to some medical scheme, while only
46.8 percent of Indians, 21.8 percent of coloureds and 10.3 percent of black
Africans were covered by such schemes at the time the survey was conducted last
year.

According to the survey, public clinics were the most used health facilities
among sampled individuals, followed by private doctors and public hospitals.
Almost a quarter of all South African households had at least one member who
belonged to a medical aid scheme, while a relatively small proportion (almost 18
percent) of individuals had medical aid coverage last year.

On education, the survey found that the "no fee" school system and other funding
initiatives were fruitful as the percentage of learners who reported that they
paid no tuition fees increased to 54.6 percent last year from 0.7 percent in
2002.

The report said about 28.4 percent of South Africans benefited from social
grants. More than two-thirds of individuals in Limpopo and Eastern Cape depended
on grants, but only 17.3 percent of those in Gauteng and 20.2 percent in the
Western Cape.

More people relied on social grants in rural provinces because employment was
lower, said Isobel Frye, the director for the Studies in Poverty and Inequality
Institute.

"We know that poverty prevalence is much higher in those areas because they are
rural, and there are far more pensioners and children living there. People
between the ages of 18 and 59 are likely to be in areas like Gauteng and the
Western Cape," she said.

Education analyst Graeme Bloch said he would rather have people relying on
grants than have nothing.

He said South African young people needed to get jobs.

"The biggest problem is raising the skills levels, and we can do that by
creating jobs because kids need to know that there will be a job for them after
completing school."

Bloch said South Africa needed to compare itself with other developing countries
to evaluate the development level.

The findings of Stats SA's Labour Force Survey this week indicated the number of
unemployed people had risen by 227 000 in the first quarter of this year.

"There is slow improvement, this is not good enough because we live in a
competitive world. We need to know if we are better than China or India and not
compare ourselves to what we used to do."

On water quality, the report said residents of the Eastern Cape, KwaZulu-Natal
and Mpumalanga were unhappy about the quality of water.

Last year, 28.5 percent of households in Eastern Cape felt that their water was
unsafe to drink, compared with 22.5 percent in KwaZulu-Natal and 13.9 percent in
Mpumalanga. Having unclear water was a problem for 21.6 percent of households in
Eastern Cape and for 16.8 percent in Mpumalanga.

According to the report, the percentage of households that had no toilet
facility or used bucket toilets declined over the period 2002 to 2010 across all
provinces.

This is also reflected in the steady decline in the national average from 12.6
percent in 2002 to 5.9 percent in 2010.

The survey, which measures the country's development, was started by Stats SA in
2002, and covers six broad areas, namely: education, health and social
development, housing, household access to services and facilities, food security
and agriculture.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              207 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                              May 06, 2011 Friday
                                   E1 Edition

Medical aid skewed, school access grows;
zz White population covered most

BYLINE:  Dineo Matomela

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 571 words


Membership of medical aid schemes was skewed more towards the white population,
the General Household Survey for 2010 conducted by Statistics SA has revealed.

It says about 71 percent of whites belonged to some medical scheme, while only
46.8 percent of Indians, 21.8 percent of coloureds and 10.3 percent of black
Africans were covered by such schemes at the time the survey was conducted last
year.

According to the survey, public clinics were the most used health facilities
among sampled individuals, followed by private doctors and public hospitals.
Almost a quarter of all South African households had at least one member who
belonged to a medical aid scheme, while a relatively small proportion (almost 18
percent) of individuals had medical aid coverage last year.

On education, the survey found that the "no fee" school system and other funding
initiatives were fruitful as the percentage of learners who reported that they
paid no tuition fees increased to 54.6 percent last year from 0.7 percent in
2002.

The report said about 28.4 percent of South Africans benefited from social
grants. More than two-thirds of individuals in Limpopo and Eastern Cape depended
on grants, but only 17.3 percent of those in Gauteng and 20.2 percent in the
Western Cape.

More people relied on social grants in rural provinces because employment was
lower, said Isobel Frye, the director for the Studies in Poverty and Inequality
Institute.

"We know that poverty prevalence is much higher in those areas because they are
rural, and there are far more pensioners and children living there. People
between the ages of 18 and 59 are likely to be in areas like Gauteng and the
Western Cape," she said.

Education analyst Graeme Bloch said he would rather have people relying on
grants than have nothing.

He said South African young people needed to get jobs.

"The biggest problem is raising the skills levels, and we can do that by
creating jobs because kids need to know that there will be a job for them after
completing school."

Bloch said South Africa needed to compare itself with other developing countries
to evaluate the development level.

The findings of Stats SA's Labour Force Survey this week indicated the number of
unemployed people had risen by 227 000 in the first quarter of this year.

"There is slow improvement, this is not good enough because we live in a
competitive world. We need to know if we are better than China or India and not
compare ourselves to what we used to do."

On water quality, the report said residents of the Eastern Cape, KwaZulu-Natal
and Mpumalanga were unhappy about the quality of water.

Last year, 28.5 percent of households in Eastern Cape felt that their water was
unsafe to drink, compared with 22.5 percent in KwaZulu-Natal and 13.9 percent in
Mpumalanga. Having unclear water was a problem for 21.6 percent of households in
Eastern Cape and for 16.8 percent in Mpumalanga.

According to the report, the percentage of households that had no toilet
facility or used bucket toilets declined over the period 2002 to 2010 across all
provinces.

This is also reflected in the steady decline in the national average from 12.6
percent in 2002 to 5.9 percent in 2010.

The survey, which measures the country's development, was started by Stats SA in
2002, and covers six broad areas, namely: education, health and social
development, housing, household access to services and facilities, food security
and agriculture.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              208 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                             March 19, 2017 Sunday

SECTION: IL OPINION; Pg. P23

LENGTH: 279 words


Rural areas deserve clean water

Rural America is being "trumped" by Donald Trump's proposed federal budget that
slashes over 25 percent from the U.S. Department of Agriculture and eliminates
the Water and Waste Disposal loan and grant program that provides funding for
clean drinking water, sanitary sewage disposal, and storm-water drainage
programs in rural areas.

I have worked with two rural areas of Sangamon and Christian counties (Round
Prairie Water Cooperative and Sharpsburg and Neighboring Area Water System) to
get clean water utility service to homes and businesses so families no longer
have to rely on contaminated well water and/or hauling water. These areas relied
on USDA's Water Loan and Grant Program that is on the chopping block. This
low-interest loan and grant program is the only way to get affordable and safe
water to our rural neighbors.

Private lenders likely won't touch it, and if they are willing to consider it,
the interest rate offered makes the cost of water to the average household
unaffordable. Without the government providing this alternative, which requires
years of work by a local volunteer group that signs up customers, gets easements
donated, and works with professionals to design, bid, and construct the utility
system, there would be no way of getting rural utility services built.

Clean water should not be denied to our rural neighbors just because they live
in the country.

Many say that the Trump budget is dead on arrival to the Capitol. I pray that it
is, but it only will be if our local U.S. Congressmen stand up for our rural
communities instead of taking them for granted.

Tony DelGiorno

Sangamon County Board Member

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              209 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 12, 2013 Friday

W.Va. water system fix could result in 40 percent hike

BYLINE: Elaine Blaisdell, Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 479 words


July 12--FORT ASHBY, W.Va. -- An overhaul of the Frankfort Public Service
District water system would cost about $17 million and could result in a
potential 40 percent increase to water bills, according to Dave Vanscoy,
director of municipal and transportation engineering at RK&K engineering.

"The rates in this area are very low," said Vanscoy during a public meeting
Thursday in Fort Ashby. "There is a big disparity in the rates and the district
would like to get them uniform."

The water rates haven't increased in Fort Ashby since 1994.

A comprehensive water study yielded that the water plant needs to be upgraded;
some of the water tanks need to cleaned and painted; the pump stations need to
be upgraded; and some of water lines need to be replaced.

"The unaccounted water is 20 to 25 percent over the whole system," said Vanscoy.

The water treatment plant has had very little maintenance since 1994.

"It needs some serious maintenance," said Vanscoy.

At the water treatment plant the filter beds, drains and pumping need to be
rebuilt; work needs to be done on the sediment basins; and the computer system
needs to be upgraded, Vanscoy said.

"A generator needs to be added so if there is an extended (power) outage they
can continue to produce water," said Vanscoy.

The water tanks and pump stations at Sunrise Heights and Deerfield Estates will
be eliminated. A larger pump station would be placed at the bottom of Ashby
Cresap subdivision and a water tank would be placed at Deerfield Estates,
according to Vanscoy.

A water line extension is definitely needed in the Bosley subdivision off  Dirty
Foot Road because there is natural gas in the water, according to Vanscoy. A
water line extension is used to pick up new customers.

Also, alternate water sources need to be considered. Currently, Patterson Creek
is a water source but wells on Knobley Road are being considered as well as an
old quarry on state Route 956.

"The next thing is how to pay for it; that's a big problem," said Vanscoy. "The
availability of grant money is minimal."

The grant eligibility for water projects is determined by the rates and an
area's median household annual income, which also determines the terms and
interest on the loan. The median household income in Fort Ashby is $60,000,
based on the 2000 census. The 2010 census hasn't been adopted yet.

The Frankfort PSD will look at financing options and what needs to be done. Once
they decide those matters, an application will be filed with the state by the
end of August, Vanscoy said,

Frankfort PSD is accepting written comments at the office in Wiley Ford and
anyone interested in a water line extension is asked to sign up.

Contact Elaine Blaisdell at eblaisdell@times-news.com

___ (c)2013 the Cumberland Times News (Cumberland, Md.) Visit the Cumberland
Times News (Cumberland, Md.) at times-news.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130712-UM-W-Va-water-system
-fix-could-result-in-40-percent-hike-0712-20130712

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2013 Cumberland Times-News


                              210 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Border Mail

                             March 30, 2015 Monday
                                 First Edition

Sewer fee to hurt families

BYLINE: NIGEL MCNAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 407 words


A MOYHU resident has slammed a connection cost to the town's new sewerage system
as unaffordable.

Nick Mosley said households would each have to fork out $1793.

That cost, he said, was simply too great for many people, especially young
families.

North East Water decided last month to go ahead with a septic tank effluent
drainage system, rather than sewerage connected to individual households.

Board chairman David McKenzie said construction was scheduled to begin soon, "in
parallel with finalising the design and location of the treatment plant".

Mr Mosley said he was concerned that some other towns in the region had to fork
out just $800 to get connected to their new systems.

"That annoys me a little bit. The residents of Moyhu pay rates and taxes and
then we have to pay for our own infrastructure as well," he said.

"You can look on the internet and see that we're a very, very low socio-economic
place - there's no Alan Bonds here.

"There are a few families with young children where mum's still at home looking
after them. And if they can't find that money, what happens to them?"

North East Water spokeswoman Ann Telford admitted there was a disparity between
Moyhu and schemes at Oxley, Milawa and Glenrowan.

Ms Telford said these three were funded through the state government's Country
Town Water Supply Sewerage Program.

"As part of this program, the Victorian government capped residential customer
scheme contributions at $800," she said.

"Moyhu was funded as part of the Small Towns Water Quality Fund based on a
submission by the Rural City of Wangaratta."

Ms Telford said the $1793 Moyhu connection was the same as a new customer charge
when connecting to other sewerage systems in the North East, "and it compares
favourably with servicing costs for new development areas in north-east
Victoria".

She said households could set-up a payment plan of up to 20 years.

"The lowest rate payable will be $38.65 per quarter over 20 years," she said.

Ms Telford said North East Water had also got the Department of Health and Human
Services to organise grants for concession card holders for the cost of plumbing
connections to the scheme.

"We are planning to bring the DHS grant team to Moyhu to provide more detailed
information and help people complete their application forms," she said.

"We have partnered with the WAW Credit Union who have developed a special low
interest loan for people who might struggle to pay their plumbing connections."

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              211 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Border Mail

                                 March 29, 2015

Sewer fee to hurt families

BYLINE: NIGEL MCNAY

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 407  words


A MOYHU resident has slammed a connection cost to the town's new sewerage system
as unaffordable.

Nick Mosley said households would each have to fork out $1793.

That cost, he said, was simply too great for many people, especially young
families.

North East Water decided last month to go ahead with a septic tank effluent
drainage system, rather than sewerage connected to individual households.

Board chairman David McKenzie said construction was scheduled to begin soon, 'in
parallel with finalising the design and location of the treatment plant'.

Mr Mosley said he was concerned that some other towns in the region had to fork
out just $800 to get connected to their new systems.

'That annoys me a little bit. The residents of Moyhu pay rates and taxes and
then we have to pay for our own infrastructure as well,' he said.

'You can look on the internet and see that we're a very, very low socio-economic
place ' there's no Alan Bonds here.

'There are a few families with young children where mum's still at home looking
after them. And if they can't find that money, what happens to them'?

North East Water spokeswoman Ann Telford admitted there was a disparity between
Moyhu and schemes at Oxley, Milawa and Glenrowan.

Ms Telford said these three were funded through the state government's Country
Town Water Supply Sewerage Program.

'As part of this program, the Victorian government capped residential customer
scheme contributions at $800,' she said.

'Moyhu was funded as part of the Small Towns Water Quality Fund based on a
submission by the Rural City of Wangaratta.'

Ms Telford said the $1793 Moyhu connection was the same as a new customer charge
when connecting to other sewerage systems in the North East, 'and it compares
favourably with servicing costs for new development areas in north-east
Victoria'.

She said households could set-up a payment plan of up to 20 years.

'The lowest rate payable will be $38.65 per quarter over 20 years,' she said.

Ms Telford said North East Water had also got the Department of Health and Human
Services to organise grants for concession card holders for the cost of plumbing
connections to the scheme.

'We are planning to bring the DHS grant team to Moyhu to provide more detailed
information and help people complete their application forms,' she said.

'We have partnered with the WAW Credit Union who have developed a special low
interest loan for people who might struggle to pay their plumbing connections.'

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              212 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                             May 21, 2009 Thursday
                                  WEST EDITION

SECTION: METRO; MORNING BRIEFING; Pg. W-1

LENGTH: 371 words


Backpacks for students

Crafton United Presbyterian Church is organizing a campaign to provide backpacks
and school supplies for children.

To qualify, a child must live in a household with certain income guidelines, for
example, a family of three with an annual income below $24,135 or a household of
five with an annual income of $33,915 or less.

To register or inquire about income guidelines for other household sizes, call
the church office, 412-921-2293. The deadline is June 30.

School supplies or monetary donations may be dropped off by Aug. 1 to the
church, 80 Bradford Ave., Pittsburgh, PA 15205.

Sewer and water grants

The Pennsylvania Infrastructure Investment Authority has approved financing
totaling $17,266,740 for three Beaver County water and sewer projects.

The Beaver Falls Municipal Authority received a $9,167,940 low-interest loan to
construct a new raw water intake at its Eastvale water treatment plant and to
replace waterlines at various locations.

The Ambridge Borough Municipal Authority received a $5,657,800 grant to upgrade
its sewer system, which tends to discharge untreated sewage into the Ohio River
during wet weather events.

Baden Borough received a $2,441,000 low-interest loan for a waterline
replacement project that includes plans to install 5,465 feet of 6-inch water
line and 2,300 feet of 8-inch waterline.

Pre-K Counts registration

Butterfly Garden Early Learning Center, 225 Olivia St., McKees Rocks, is
accepting enrollments for the Pennsylvania Pre-K Counts program, which will
offer a half-day pre-kindergarten program from 9:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. to 3- and
4-year-olds in the fall.

Eligible families are those earning 300 percent or less of the federal poverty
level (such as a family of four earning up to $66,150), English language
learners and families of children with special needs.

To enroll or for information, call 412-331-7656. Butterfly Garden is a program
of Focus On Renewal.

Harmony in Wood

A new exhibit, Harmony in Wood: the Furniture of the Harmony Society, has opened
at Old Economy Village.

The exhibit is open from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday and from noon
to 5 p.m. Sundays until Dec. 31.

For information, call 724-266-4500 or e-mail ra-oldeconomy@state.pa.us

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              213 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                          September 18, 2008 Thursday

HOMES IN RODARTE STILL WAIT FOR WATER

BYLINE: ANDY DENNISON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 562 words


By Andy Dennison

The Taos News

RODARTE -- Another year has passed and 16 households along the Río Santa Barbara
still don't have potable water.

Despite $330,000 waiting to be spent, a used water tank ready to be installed,
and a professional engineer's estimate, these families still must haul in
drinking water and go somewhere else to shower and do laundry. Their old well
casings have been decaying, and state water quality inspectors found "iron
bacteria contamination" that readily made its way into domestic water pipes
because most of the wells were so shallow.

"I've never seen it so hard," said Charlie Sá nchez, whose father and relatives
live in a mobile home compound along NM 76 on the south side of the river. "It's
so disappointing."

Within a half-mile of the homes sits the wellhead and a 22,500-gallon storage
tank for the Rodarte Mutual Domestic Water Consumers Association. The
50-year-old system serves 53 households, all north of the river. The affected
residents get their drinking water from a frost-free faucet at the well.

But in order to get clean water to the faucets in the Sá nchez family's homes
and others, about 3,800 feet of pipe would have to run under the road and the
Río Santa Barbara.

And that all will cost money -- cash that only the state has the wherewithal to
provide.

Association wants upgrades, too

George Maestas, president of the water association, told The Taos News that the
water-delivery system would have to be enhanced in order to make the additional
connections.

"I've always said there is no problem hooking up our neighbors," Maestas said.
"But we need upgrades. I don't want to jeopardize our other users."

He said more connections would likely reduce pressure and might even run the
well dry.

Agreements for the state funds were signed by Maestas this summer, despite
becoming available after the legislative session last winter. Maestas said he
wanted to be sure some of the money could be used for system improvements.

Last month, the association asked for bids on the cost of a new well, a
relocated tank from Peñasco and connections to the homes, Maestas said. So far,
no one has submitted a bid.

The $300,000 grant, contributed by Gov. Bill Richardson in fiscal 2007-2008, is
to "plan, design and construct improvements ... for extension of the pipeline"
to the residences with contaminated wells, according to a Department of Finance
and Administration spokesperson.

Another $30,000 grant from the current fiscal year would pay for upgrades to the
system.

However, neither grant will pay for the $350 membership fee, a $500 water meter,
or the cost of excavation from the road to each of the homes.

"The money is explicitly for capital funding, to run the line," said state Sen.
Carlos Cisneros (D-Questa). "Possibly, we might have to introduce legislation
this year to help out."

A 2007 cost estimate from SMA Civil/Environmental Scientists & Engineers
indicates that connecting the 16 homes would cost $247,000, including
installation of a second storage tank and drilling a 500-foot second well. The
estimate includes $33,200 for meters and hookups to the individual residences.

The estimate did not include membership into the association, said Dennis
Mascareñas of the engineering company. The connection would have to be buried
six feet under the river, with a concrete cap and special insulated pipe.

n adennison@taosnews.com

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              214 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  Antrim Times

                               May 5, 2014 Monday

£1.25m grant scheme for Antrim homes

LENGTH: 565  words


firmus energy has launched a comforting' new initiative in Antrim, offering
£1.25 million worth of home comfort' grants to qualifying households when they
install a natural gas heating system.

In association with the Northern Ireland Sustainable Energy Programme, this
scheme gives homes the opportunity to secure a cash-back grant of up to £1800
towards conversion costs, along with a package of up to £800 for home
insulation, which includes free energy saving light bulbs and a free energy
monitor.

Paula Simpson, firmus energy, said: "We are delighted to be able to offer a
range of different grants and cashback schemes that can make converting to a
more economic, practical and environmentally-friendly heating system more
affordable.

"This new Home Comfort' grant, along with other schemes that we have available
such as the Gas Conversion' grant, means that no matter what your situation is,
there will be financial help available for you to convert to a new natural gas
system.

"Everyone will receive at least £300 and up to a total of £1800 cashback,
depending on their circumstances. Converting to natural gas, which remains the
lowest-cost fossil fuel, will significantly reduce household bills, and the
availability of these cashback schemes will mean even more people across
Northern Ireland will be able to take advantage of connecting to natural gas. We
would particularly welcome applications from those that are currently on Economy
7, solid fuel and those with no heating system at all."

Mayor of Antrim Borough Council, Councillor Roderick Swann, said:  "We are very
pleased to support firmus energy at the launch of the new home comfort' grant
scheme.

"Residents in Antrim are able to benefit from this grant, which will deliver
significant savings on fuel bills as natural gas is cheaper than oil and highly
efficient. The insulation allowance provided allows families to save even more,
which will help to lower household bills even further.

"I would encourage anyone interested in gaining some extra home comfort' to
apply for a grant sooner rather than later, as there are a limited number
available."

Paula added: "Given that almost half of heat loss in a typical home is through
the walls and roof, the home comfort' scheme, which can also include insulation,
will allow families in Antrim to ensure their homes are as energy-efficient as
possible.

"Our existing customers in Antrim love the fact that they will never run out' of
fuel and have a constant, instant supply of hot water. Those who qualify for
home comfort' grants will also enjoy these benefits and, as there is no need for
an oil tank or hot water cylinder, people who switch to natural gas can also
have extra space in their gardens or could even splash out' on a new shower unit
inside!  Switching to natural gas from firmus energy makes common sense as it
just takes one quick phone call to take advantage of lower fuel bills."

Cashback grants are available to owner occupiers and private renting tenants
converting their homes from a range of fuel sources, including oil, coal, LPG
and Economy7 or even without a current heating system and are only available
through firmus energy qualified installers.

Further information on the range of firmus energy cashback schemes that are
available, including the new home comfort' grant, can be found at
www.firmusenergy.co.uk or by calling 08456 08 00 88.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INAT


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              215 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 13, 2013 Wednesday

Ledyard to apply for grants to help residents hook up to new water lines being
installed

BYLINE: Anna Isaacs, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 528 words


March 13--LEDYARD -- Town officials will seek state grant money to help
residents hook up to new water lines installed in a $6.5 million project
expected to be completed this summer or fall.

Town Planner Charlie Karno said that the success of the town's application for a
Small Cities Community Development block grant -- made available by the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development -- to create a rehabilitation loan
program depends on the town's ability to demonstrate need.

"People are going to have to pay to connect to the water line, and we want to
encourage people to connect to the water line," he said.

Karno said the cost estimate for water line connections varies by property and
ranges from $1,000 to $3,000. Funding would be offered as a zero percent,
interest-deferred loan to property owners or occupants, requiring no repayment
until a transfer of ownership, refinancing or the owner's demise, or until the
property is no longer the applicant's principal residence.

Property owners in the Aljen Heights neighborhood are being asked to fill out a
form available on the town's website detailing any other home rehabilitation
repairs they might be interested in paying for with the loan money, such as the
correction of health and safety violations, roofing, carpentry, electrical and
plumbing issues, and other "non-luxury" work.

Eligibility depends on household size and income. The income limit for a family
of four is approximately $65,000 -- a number based on 80 percent of the median
household income in the region.

Karno said as of Tuesday, eight people have filled out the form so far. He said
he will need about 20 residents to submit applications by mid-week next week in
order to justify the loan grant.

Construction on the water line project began last fall, when the main pipe
running up to Avery Hill Road from the tank on Holmberg Orchards off Route 12 in
Gales Ferry was installed. That installation about eight years ago was the first
step in the project. Work stalled for the winter, and WPCA Commission member
Mike Cherry said the process of installing piping in the individual
neighborhoods will begin in the next month or so.

A pump station will also be installed by the tank to boost pressure in order to
supply water to the Avery Hill trailer park and parts of the neighborhood where
the elevation is too steep, Cherry said. That part of the project is slated to
go out to bid this week, he said, and construction should begin in mid-April.

Mayor John Rodolico said last year that water issues have plagued Aljen Heights
for years, and a project to bring clean water to residents has been envisioned
for more than 20 years. The $6.5 million price tag will be covered by the town,
Aljen Heights property owners and several grants and loans from the state.

About 1,200 Ledyard residents out of nearly 16,000 use town water, with the rest
using water from Southeastern Connecticut Water Authority or private wells. The
water line project will bring municipal water to 215 more residents.

a.isaacs@theday.com

___ (c)2013 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130313-NL-Ledyard-to-apply-for-grants
-to-help-residents-hook-up-to-new-water-lines-being-installed-0313-20130313

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2013 The Day


                              216 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Odessa American (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 11, 2008 Thursday

Tick tock: Sign up deadline for city water nears

BYLINE: Christine Stanley, Odessa American, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 466 words


Sep. 11--Time's running out for West Odessans who qualify for free city water
tie-ins.

County auditor Randy Ragsdale on Wednesday said only six people out of 121
households have signed up to get city water in the area between 42nd Street and
University Boulevard east of Redondo Avenue and up to Slavik Avenue.

The deadline is Oct. 15.

Residents who qualify as low- to moderate-income won't have to pay a dime to
hook up to city lines, but they will have to pay 1 1/2 times the city water rate
once their switch from using wells is complete.

"Ector County's been doing these water grants in West Odessa for the last 15 to
17 years, and it's due to the decrease in quantity of groundwater," Ragsdale
said. "There are people out there who are hauling water because they don't have
any. You can live without a lot of things, but water isn't one of them."

Donna Carrasco, director of Odessa's billing and collections department, said
anyone interested will need to come to the first floor of City Hall with a
picture ID to sign up. If their land isn't covered by the Ector County Utility
District, residents will have to be annexed in.

More than 22,000 feet of water lines are planned for the Redondo Water System
Improvements Project, an endeavor two years in the making to extend city water
service to county land.

The water-service extension is meant to alleviate West Odessa's continuous
problem with water supply. Many private wells in the area are either completely
dry or getting dangerously close, forcing residents to rely on bottled water or
to haul loads of the precious commodity in extreme cases.

The cost to get city water out to the Redondo area is being covered by a
$500,000 grant from the Office of Rural Community Affairs, with the Ector County
Utility District chipping in an additional $300,000.

SIGN UP

--What: Redondo Water System Improvements Project.

--Why: Water wells are running dry, so city water lines will be extended to the
area.

--When: Residents who qualify for a free water line extension to their home have
to sign up by Oct. 15. Take a picture ID to the first floor of City Hall, 411 W.
Eighth St.

--Who: Households must be considered low to moderate income to get water lines
installed for free. For a family of four, that would be $38,800. There's a
sliding scale.

--Where: All county land between 42nd Street and University Avenue east of
Redondo and up to Slavik Avenue.

To see more of the Odessa American, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.oaoa.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Odessa American, Texas Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080911-OD-Tick-tock-0911

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OD


                         Copyright 2008 Odessa American


                              217 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Beacon (Ashtabula, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 13, 2014 Thursday

Ashtabula city seeks grant to rehab waste water plant

BYLINE: Shelley Terry, Star Beacon, Ashtabula, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 322 words


Nov. 13--ASHTABULA -- The city of Ashtabula is collecting data needed to
complete an application for a $500,000 Community Development grant for
improvements to the waste water treatment plant.

City residents must complete a survey in order to receive the grant, which will
allow the city to rehabilitate the digesters, primary tanks and, possibly,
install ultra-violet lights, City Manager Jim Timonere said.

If UV lighting is installed, the city can discontinue use of chlorine gas, which
puts workers at risk of serious harm in the event of an explosion or a leak. The
lighting is a safer alternative, he said.

"All information (on the surveys) will be confidential and only viewed by the
local project administrator and the funding agency," he said. "The survey only
requires you to indicate your approximate total household annual income (before
taxes) for the current year and the number of people residing in your household
."

The city recently mailed more than 400 surveys, including self-addressed,
stamped return envelopes. The completed surveys are a requirement for the
application, he said.

"If you received one of these surveys, please assist the city and return the
form at your earliest convenience," Timonere said. "Due to the grant
requirement, the city will need to attempt to collect this data from each of the
addresses randomly chosen to receive the survey, even if that means going
door-to-door to do so."

The Division of Wastewater Treatment plant, 303 Woodland Ave., runs 24-hours per
day, seven days per week with three shifts. They treat the city's sanitary
sewage and that of some of the surrounding townships.

For more information, contact the Ashtabula City Planning and Community
Development Department at (440) 992-7118, Monday through Friday from 8 a.m. to
4:30 p.m.

___ (c)2014 the Star Beacon (Ashtabula, Ohio) Visit the Star Beacon (Ashtabula,
Ohio) at www.starbeacon.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141113-OB-Ashtabula-city-seeks-grant-to-rehab-waste-water
-plant-1113-20141113

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OB


                           Copyright 2014 Star Beacon


                              218 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Corkman (Ireland)

                                October 27, 2016
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Septic tank scheme 'makes no sense';
CLLR CALLS FOR "MORE FLEXIBLE" APPROACH TO ENFORCEMENT OF REGULATIONS GOVERNING
THE REPAIRING OF FAULTY SEPTIC TANKS

BYLINE: BILL BROWNE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 453 words


FIGURES from Cork County Council have revealed that 67% the septic tanks
inspected by the authority this year do not comply with strict environmental
guidelines.

A report given to the council's northern area committee showed that 16 of the
100 tanks inspected by the authority since January identified "major
non-compliances" requiring "significant works" including the replacement of
tanks and/or percolation areas.

In five instances effluent was found to leaking from septic systems.

The report complied by Louis Duffy, head of the council's environment
directorate, showed that almost half of the tanks inspected required
de-sludging. Inspectors also found that in some instances the piping of excess
roof and 'grey' water through septic tanks was having a detrimental impact on
their effectiveness.

"For the most part, the problems that we identify are down to householders not
actually maintaining their tanks. We need to get the message out there that a
septic tank is not something that works just because you flush a toilet," said
Mr Duffy.

"Similarly, if you put too much water through a tank it will have an adverse
affect on its performance," he added.

Responding to the report Cllr Frank O'Flynn (FF) called for a review of the
inspection system, saying the figures showed it was clearly ineffective.

Under the current system the council can only inspect septic tanks on a random
basis, based on a 'risk rating matrix.' However, Cllr O'Flynn said this system
was unfair as it precludes households that have an existing problem from
applying for a grant to fix their septic tanks if they have not already been
inspected.

"I know of some people who are aware there is a problem with their tank, but are
unable to get a grant because the tank has not been inspected," he said.

He called on the council to write to the Department of the Environment asking
that a more flexible approach be taken in relation to inspections.

"We are saying to people who know their tanks are faulty that they can not get a
grant to fix them because they have not been selected for a random inspection.
This is unfair and makes no sense," said Cllr O'Flynn.

He also called on the authority to look at including a provision for water
harvesting within its planning regulations, thus avoiding excess water being
pumped into septic tanks.

Mr Duffy said the councils hands were effectively tied on the issue of
inspections as they have to stick to Department of Environment guidelines, which
only allow for random inspections.

However, he did say that water harvesting was something the authority was keep
to prioritise, pointing out it would be good for the environment and could
result in financial savings for households on metered water systems.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CMN


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              219 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                The Jordan Times

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Projected centre to train women on in-house plumbing

BYLINE: Hana Namrouqa

LENGTH: 541  words


By Hana Namrouqa  - Sep 08,2016 - Last updated at Sep 08,2016

AMMAN -- A centre will be opened to train women on in-house plumbing to further
integrate them into the male-dominated sector, Minister of Water Hazem Nasser
announced on Wednesday.

The Ministry of Water and Irrigation will set up the centre, according to
Nasser, who said that women who graduated from a training course implemented
through the Water Smart Homes -- Activity (WSHs-A) will be tasked with training
their fellow women on plumbing.

Nasser made the announcement during the completion ceremony of the WSHs-A, which
is one of the projects implemented by the Millennium Challenge Account -- Jordan
(MCA -- Jordan) that are funded by a $275 million water and sanitation compact
from the US Millennium Challenge Corporation (MCC).

"The ministry will hire some of those women who graduated from the training
course to give training to other women wishing to pursue plumbing as a
career...," the minister said.

The training centre will be based in the Jordan Water Company (Miyahuna) in
Amman and Zarqa, Nasser said, vowing to grant the centre technical and political
support to make it succeed.

The $6.5-million WSHs-A is aimed at improving home water systems for
underprivileged families, empowering women and promoting in-home water
management across Zarqa Governorate, 22km east of Amman.

Under the project, home water systems in 4,000 households that are beneficiaries
of the National Aid Fund were improved, while 60,000 Zarqa residents, half of
whom are women, participated in sessions on how to manage and conserve in-home
water resources.

In addition, 30 women received training to develop their professional skills in
plumbing and household water maintenance to ultimately assist them in creating
their own income-generating projects.

US Ambassador to Jordan Alice G. Wells said during the event that the US,
through the MCC, is proud to partner with Jordan to achieve greater water
security, noting that it is not just about investing in infrastructure, but by
doing so in a way that promotes gender equity and social inclusion.

MCA-Jordan was established in 2010 as a company fully owned by the government to
manage and implement the MCC's grant, which was extended to the Kingdom in
October 2010 to renovate and extend water networks in Zarqa Governorate.

The grant went into effect in December 2011, and all of the projects to be
implemented under it should be completed before the end of this year.

MCA-Jordan is implementing three main projects under the grant in Zarqa, where
around 1.4 million people live according to the 2015 population census.

The projects include the rehabilitation and expansion of the wastewater network,
the rehabilitation and restructuring of water networks and the expansion of the
As Samra Wastewater Treatment Plant.

MCA-Jordan CEO Kamal Zoubi said the WSHs-A improved the lives of some of the
poorest families in the country, noting that it has also empowered people to
manage their own water resources.

"This celebration is a great opportunity for donors, stakeholders and community
members to take a deeper look at WSHs-A; at what aspects made it successful and
how these aspects may be incorporated into future development achievements...,"
Zoubi said.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 62


                        Copyright 2016 The Jordan Times.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              220 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             March 20, 2015 Friday

Kenya Urban Water and Sanitation OBA Fund for Low Income Areas

LENGTH: 373  words


Proposed Development Objective(s) (From PCN)-
The development objective of the project is to increase the number of people in
low income areas with access to improved water supply and sanitation services in
Kenyan towns and cities. This objective will be realized by incentivizing urban
Water Services Providers to invest in water supply
and sanitation improvement subprojects to benefit households in low income areas
by applying oneoff OBA subsidies to make water and sanitation access affordable.


Concept Description -
The project will apply one-off output-based aid (OBA) subsidies to promote
sub-project investments being made in low income areas by county-owned water and
sewerage companies
(WASCOs). Sub-projects will be co-financed by the IFC through its

Kenya Water Utility Financing Facility (Kenya WUFF)

and participating local commercial banks.
A grant of US$ 11.8 million will be provided to the Water Services Trust Fund
(WSTF), a stateowned corporation with the mandate to assist in the financing of
water services to areas of Kenya, which are without adequate water services to
support an OBA fund for low income urban areas. Water and sewerage companies
(WASCOs) that successfully rehabilitate, expand and develop water supply,
sanitation and sewerage infrastructure will be eligible for grants for water
connections, kiosk points, sewerage and associated service delivery serving
households in low-income areas through the OBA fund. Expected sub-projects
include:
Measures to reduce unaccounted-for-water
Water source augmentation and treatment facilities
Sewerage treatment facilities
Network extension
Measures to improve energy efficiency
The grant fund has two components
Component 1: Technical Assistance
Component 2: OBA Subsidies
Project completion date : 2018-06-30 12:00:00
Major organization : Water Services Trust Fund

Address : CIC Plaza, 1st Floor
Upper Hill, Mara Road
Nairobi

Country :Kenya
Email : musyoki@wstfkenya.org

Url : www.wstf.go.ke/

Financier:WorldBank(WB),

Financieraddress:WorldBank
1818HStreet,NW
Washington,D.C.20433,USA
Telephone:(202)458-4500
Fax:(202)522-1500
Web:http://www.worldbank.org
Contact: Patrick Nduati Mwangi
Title: Sr Water & Sanitation Spec.
Tel: 5327+6323 /
Email: pmwangi2@worldbank.org

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              221 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 11, 2017 Saturday

Washington: Tester Unveils Bipartisan Bill to Update Rural Water Systems

LENGTH: 297  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jon Tester has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Jon Tester today sponsored bipartisan legislation to update
Montana's aging rural drinking and wastewater systems.





 Tester's Rural Community Clean Water Technical Assistance Act will provide
rural water systems that serve fewer than 10,000 residents with technical
assistance to ensure drinking and wastewater infrastructure meets important
safety guidelines. Rural water systems often don't have enough resources to keep
up with routine maintenance and are subject to the same federal guidelines as
large metropolitan water systems. Additionally, small water systems face funding
challenges compounded by lower household incomes in rural areas and higher water
rates.



 "Without access to clean, reliable water you can't have healthy families or a
healthy economy," Tester said. "This bipartisan bill provides folks in rural
communities with the support needed to ensure that every household has reliable
access to clean water."



 Tester's bill will provide rural water systems with $15 million over five years
for technical assistance and upgrades, which will bring drinking and wastewater
infrastructure into compliance with current federal and state safety guidelines.




 Tester's bill will also allow states to use up to two percent of their State
Revolving Fund to provide technical assistance for rural wastewater treatment
facilities within their state. Similar initiatives within the State Revolving
Loan Fund have been highly effective and successful in assisting communities
with essential infrastructure upgrades.



 Tester last year helped get a bipartisan water infrastructure bill signed into
law that increased investments and established new grants for rural water
systems.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              222 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                            August 27, 2015 Thursday

Some couples in apartments can't save cash by saving water

SECTION: IRELAND

LENGTH: 453 words


The anomaly means that in theory, a childless couple in an apartment could face
higher water bills than a family-of-five in a metered home, regardless of usage.

Charges for properties with two or more adults are capped at  260 a year   the
standard flat charge for an un-metered property.

Metered households are charged on the amount of water used, and allowances are
provided for children.

However, during a tour of its services centre yesterday in Curraheen, Cork, head
of communications with Irish Water, Elizabeth Arnett, conceded not all
properties will be metered and those that are not will pay the flat rate.

She said 40% of metered customers are paying below the capped rate, due to
allowances and conservation.

She revealed the plumbing in older buildings means the utility will not be able
to meter every apartment in the country, and that the occupants of such units
will be charged the flat rate regardless of their usage.

The utility has also said readings of some 710,000 meters have so far identified
leaks in 51,000 homes.

Billing services manager Yvonne Harris said Irish Water was aware of one case
where a house has used  20,000 worth of water in its billing cycle due to a
leak.

Meanwhile, Tánaiste Joan Burton has said she believes the  innate honesty and
integrity of most people in Ireland  means only those who are complying with the
law will seek out the water conservation grant.

The Labour leader and Social Protection Minister said there will be no change to
the grant system as this has been  a process established and happening over a
period of time .

However, she stressed that  anyone applying for the grant  should also pay their
charges, again opening up the Coalition to last week s claims that it is
considering limiting access to the  100 fund to only people who pay their bills.

In a later interview with RTÉ radio, Ms Burton said once the water conservation
grant database is fully established, the fund could be paid out earlier in
future years in order to help struggling families to pay their bills.

Questioned over whether Irish Water will still be in existence when this
possibility emerges, Ms Burton said regardless of  what government is in the
offing , the reality is a utility like Irish Water is needed as Ireland must pay
for vital water service reforms.

A two-adult household with a meter will pay a maximum annual charge of  260.

However, this capped amount is the standard charge issued to a two-adult
household with no meter.

A metered home can benefit from a lower charge based on a conservative use of
water, and allowances are afforded based on the number of children in a house.
This means families in metered homes can significantly reduce their annual
charges below the cap.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              223 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Post

                            February 18, 2011 Friday

Japan grants $17m for sanitation projects in Hunza

BYLINE:  F.P. Report

SECTION: Vol. II No. 427

LENGTH: 317  words


Japan has decided to grant financial support of US $ 203,671 (approx. Rs. 17.0
million) to the Aga Khan Cultural Service Pakistan (AKCSP) for environmental
sanitation and water supply projects in Hunza, Gilgit-Baltistan. The agreements
for the two projects were signed here on Thursday between Chihiro Atsumi,
Ambassador of Japan, and Akbarali Pesnani, Chairman of the AKCSP, said a
statement issued by the Japanese Embassy. The Environmental Sanitation Project
is meant for the Improvement of Community-based Environmental Sanitation, in
Altit, Hunza in Gilgit Baltistan.

Around 237 households (1,820 individuals) including IDPs, who have migrated
after Attabad landslide disaster, will be benefitted from this project. Local
labour will be trained and employed during the execution of the project which
will help them to get new jobs in future to support their families. The Water
Supply Project is aimed at the Renovation of Water Supply Scheme in Kareemabad,
Hunza. The grant will be utilized for the renovation of pipelines and water
tanks, which were previously funded by Japan in 2004 and were damaged due to
landslides during preceding years. It would ultimately help in preserving the
existing facility which is the present 'only drinking water source'.

This project will benefit 450 households (around 3,600 individuals) in this
area. At the signing ceremony, Ambassador Atsumi stressed that improvement of
water supply and sanitation is one of the priority areas in Japan's assistance
policy towards Pakistan. He also emphasized that these projects would help more
in improving the living standards of the inhabitants of the vicinity and also
encourage the tourists in this valley which have very precious natural scenery
and historical places. He expressed his hope that the current projects would
further strengthen the existing friendly relations between the peoples of Japan
and Pakistan.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              224 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            July 29, 2009 Wednesday

West Manchester to replace old sewer line for $5M

BYLINE: CARL LINDQUIST The York Dispatch

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 512 words


West Manchester Township is planning to spend $5 million replacing and
rehabilitating nearly three miles of an aging sewer line that serves about 2,700
homes and small businesses.

Township officials are hoping to cover the cost using reserves and grant money.
Without it, residents could see their sewer bills increase by $117 per year, or
about $29 quarterly per household.

The township in 2007 began planning for the two-phase project.

The goal is to replace and rehabilitate about 15,760 linear feet of an aging
asbestos cement and terra cotta sewer line in the Shiloh area, township
officials said.

The first phase of the "big sewer project" calls for the replacement of about
6,300 feet of line, township manager Kelly Kelch said. The line would be
replaced in smaller segments over time during the second phase of the project.

The township has little choice but to move ahead with the first phase of the
project, Kelch said. Construction is expected to begin next year.

Problems: The township reached an agreement with the state Department of
Environmental Protection in 2007 after the agency determined the sewage line was
backing up during heavy rains, said Tony Dawood, who is managing the project on
behalf of the township's sanitary sewer engineering firm.

The backups would begin to fill the pipes leading to manhole covers and
sometimes, in rare situations, reached the surface, Dawood said. The agreement
with DEP, as amended afterward, requires the line to be replaced by October
2010.

"They (the DEP has) have established a timetable, but it's something the
township wants to do and plans to do," Kelch said. "This is definitely a
warranted item at this point."

Dawood said the backups are caused by a variety of factors, such as roots
growing into the pipes and by settlement in pipe joints.

Cost: If funded entirely by sewer users, the $5 million cost of the project
would lead to an annual sewage bill increase of $104 to $117 per household for
20 years, depending on financing and final construction costs, Dawood said.

It would be the second increase in a short period of time for many West
Manchester households. Many users saw an increase in their sewer bills last year
when the township went to a universal flat rate. It
had been charging some households a flat rate and others by how much they used.

The township is hoping to avoid any increase from the project by using reserves,
rededicating money from other projects and getting grant funding, Kelch said.
The goal is to get the bulk of the money from the state's H2O PA Act grant
program, which can help municipalities cover the cost of water supply, sewage
disposal or storm water system projects.

An estimated 100-120 landowners in the township could see their property
disturbed by the work, Dawood said, because the pipe generally does not follow
roads.

Dawood said the township has a permanent 20-foot right-of-way to take care of
the lines but will be asking some landowners to temporarily permit a larger
space to accommodate the work.

-- Reach Carl Lindquist at 505-5432 or clindquist@
yorkdispatch.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              225 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Townsville Bulletin (Australia)

                             May 16, 2012 Wednesday
                                  1 - Edition

Haunted by water

BYLINE: Anthony Templeton

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 459  words


HOW clear do we have to make it?

The Federal Government is forcing Townsville City Council to conduct an
expensive study into community views on re-introducing a two-tariff water
-pricing system, despite a mass protest erupting when it was brought in almost
two years ago. The study must be completed by the end of this financial year to
keep a $1 million federal grant allocated to the Mount Saint John wastewater
treatment plant project.

Printing information material and surveying households for the study is likely
to cost the council tens of thousands of dollars.

A two-tariff, or user-pays, water-pricing system was introduced by former mayor
Les Tyrell in 2010, which caused household water bills to rise by up to 50 per
cent.

The scheme scrapped standard water allocations and charged ratepayers an annual
service fee of $454 and an additional charge of 65c for every kilolitre used.

Residents were outraged at the changes and about 800 people rallied outside
Walker St to voice their anger, in October 2010.

After a campaign by the Bulletin the council changed the water-pricing scheme
again in 2011, allowing residents to choose a standard allocation of 772kl a
year or connect to the two-tariff system. More than 80 per cent of households
are now signed up to the standard allocation.

Mayor-elect Jenny Hill said she was stunned the council would have to produce
the report.

``I'm utterly amazed the issue of user-pays water pricing has come back to
council again after the community so thoroughly rejected it,'' she said.

The study will be debated behind closed doors at today's special council
meeting, as it is listed under the ``confidential items'' section on the agenda.

Water campaigner Paul Jacob, who organised the rally outside the council
building, said Townsville had already spoken on the issue of water pricing.

``People like having a standard allocation because it allows them to budget
properly and removes the risk of horror bills,'' he said. ``There's absolutely
no point in wasting more money on a study to tell the Federal Government what
everyone in Townsville already knows.''

A spokesman for Senator Don Farrell, Parliamentary Secretary for Sustainability
and Urban Water, said the council had already agreed to provide the report when
it secured funds to build the wastewater treatment project.

``The council agreed to provide a plan and timetable for implementing best
practice pricing in line with the National Water Initiative when accepting
funding to help construct the wastewater diversion pipeline project,'' he said.
``The department will need to receive and agree to the implementation plan
before the council is eligible to receive the $1 million that is associated with
the project.''

anthony.templeton@townsvillebulletin.com.au

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BUL


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              226 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 11, 2016 Monday

Florida: Marydia Sewer Enhancement Frequently Asked Questions

LENGTH: 520  words

DATELINE: New York



 Tallahassee: Osceola County, The state of Florida has issued the following news
release:



    If I want to connect to sewer and not water, can I?



 Yes

 If I connect to city water, will I have to pay an abandoned well permit fee?





 If the water connection is completed within fifteen months of notice that the
sewer hook-up is available, the County will waive the $50 abandoned well permit
fee.

 If I have city water, but still have a well, can I use the well water for
irrigation?



 Yes, as long as the well has a backflow preventer, and is not pumping sand, you
can use it for irrigation

 Is city water hook up required?



 If a home is being rehabilitated and the improvements are more than 50% of the
value of the existing structure, yes. New construction and/or newly installed
manufactured homes must connect to city water when available

 What can I expect during the sewer construction phase:



     Typical construction work-day Monday-Friday 8-10 hours between 7:00 am and
5:00 pm; partial street closures during work hours; access to homes will be
maintained as much as possible; contractor to notify and coordinate with
residents in advance when construction work affects them.

     Dewatering prior to excavation of street pavement

     Excavation and construction of main line in street

     Service laterals extended to property line and terminate with a cleanout
(location of lateral will be coordinated with each property owner)

     Backfill and compaction

     Final road restoration prior to paving

     Finished cleanout with pad prior to lawn restoration

     Road paving



 Will I be forced to connect to the sewer system?



 The Florida Osceola County Health Department will not force existing homes to
connect unless the septic tank servicing the property is failing. New homes
constructed/manufactured homes installed after the sewer system becomes
available will be required to connect to the sewer system.

 What options do I have to cover the connection fees?



 Toho Water Authority has a 5-year and 20-year finance plan to pay SDC fees for
homeowners. The financed amount would be added to the monthly sewer bill.



 Property owners will also be responsible for the cost to connect from the
cleanout in the right of way to the house and the abandonment of the septic
tank. The following options are available:



     If owner occupied, the homeowner can choose to do this themselves.

     The County will offer a grant to pay a contractor to connect from the
lateral cleanout to the house and to abandon the septic tank.

         Available to renters or owners

         Must income qualify to be eligible

         County permit fees for grant-eligible households will be waived.

         Grant will only be offered after initial construction; if property is
not connected and the septic fails later, costs to repair septic is estimated to
be $6,000 or replacement $7,500.



 How much will my monthly sewer bill be?



 It depends on usage. For a one or two person household it could be as low as
$20 to $25 per month.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              227 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 7, 1987, Thursday, Final Edition

Rural Ways Fade in Pr. George's;
Grants Will Bring Running Water, Indoor Toilets to Remote County Area

BYLINE: Retha Hill, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: MARYLAND WEEKLY; PAGE M1

LENGTH: 664 words


For nearly a half century, the closest Alice Brooks had ever come to having
running water is the stream that snakes through her Aquasco Road community in
Brandywine.

Up the road, Charity Graham has collected drinking water for years in jugs from
neighbors and friends. The shallow well sunk by her husband years ago produces
water fit only for washing dishes -- and then only after the silt has settled.

By this summer, however, a new Prince George's County program will have brought
Brooks and Graham and three other residents of the rural southern county what
most people in the Washington area take for granted -- clean, clear drinking
water that flows through pipes.

Statewide, communities are putting similar programs in place to erase a
startling statistic: A quarter century after America declared war on poverty,
17,447 households in Maryland are without standard indoor plumbing. "In Prince
George's, you've had millions and millions of dollars in community block grant
money going into the community," said a spokesman for Southern Maryland Area
Self Help Inc. (SMASH), a community advocacy group.

"That money has been going to put in sidewalks in the northern part of the
county or to remodel shopping centers and, yet, there are people in southern
Prince George's without indoor plumbing."

After extensive lobbying by SMASH, the Water and Sewer Assistance Program was
created last July with $ 160,000 in county and federal money.

The county has earmarked $ 135,000 for plumbing assistance during the fiscal
year beginning in July.

The program's goal is to provide indoor plumbing or potable well water by 1989
for 759 households.

In Charles County just to the south, 1,120 households are without indoor
plumbing; Howard County has 168; Montgomery County, 256, and Anne Arundel
County, 765.

"We are going to work with SMASH to come up with a plan to ameliorate the
problem," said Amy Johanson, special assistant to the director of the Prince
George's Housing and Community Development Department.

Two weeks ago, county officials cut a ceremonial ribbon on the new bathroom in
Brooks' house, the first of about 17 in the Aquasco-Baden area slated to receive
help over the next year.

In addition to installing new sinks and a fiberglass bathtub, the county also
plans to wire Brooks' home for electricity.

At Graham's house, work crews have staked out a location to sink a deep well to
replace the muddied watering hole she now uses.

"I've needed a deep well, but I didn't have anything to get it with," said
Graham, whose home was built by her late husband more than 30 years ago. "It
will be good to have a new well. Nobody knows what it is to have [water] like
that."

Under the county program,homeowners are eligible for several types of
assistance.

Residents at the lowest end of the income scale can qualify for grants, and
moderate-income families can get loans at low interest rates.

Loans and grants range from $ 5,000 for a deep well to $ 20,000 for a set of
pipes, sinks and a bathtub. Single persons can qualify for grants or loans for
up to 4 percent interest if their annual incomes range from $ 14,600 to $
19,250. The range for a four-person household is $ 20,850 to $ 27,500.

All applicants must own their own homes.

A similar state effort, developed by the Maryland Rehabilitation and Special
Loan Program and administered by county governments, has $ 700,000 set aside
this fiscal year to assist renters as well as homeowners.

Prince George's community activists say that while they are pleased with the
state and county efforts, it is doubtful that all houses with inadequate
plumbing can be served by 1989.

Many rural residents are reluctant to seek assistance because of their
deep-seated suspicion of the government, said the Rev. Melvin Turner of St.
Philip's Episcopal Church, a member of the board of SMASH.

To help promote the program, St. Philip's and other southern county churches
sent volunteers door to door.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, STANDING BESIDE AN OUTHOUSE BEHIND THE HOME OF SARAH E. BEST OF
BRANDYWINE ARE BEST'S DAUGHTER MARY SNYDER AND GRANDSON JOSEPH LAGAN, 4. THE
OUTHOUSE IS STILL IN USE. VANESSA BARNES HILLIAN; PHOTO, JOSEPH LAGAN PUMPS
WATER AT THE BEST HOME.

TYPE: MARYLAND NEWS

                       Copyright 1987 The Washington Post


                              228 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                   News & Record (Greensboro, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 21, 2009 Wednesday

Water funding denied

BYLINE: Jamie Kennedy Jones, News & Record, Greensboro, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 419 words


Jan. 21--WHITSETT -- The state has decided not to give Whitsett grant money to
pay for a water system for residents with contaminated wells -- at least not
right now.

Town Administrator Gary Deal announced the news at the Town Council meeting Jan.
13.

"We thought we had a good shot at that," he said later. "Best shot we had."

Last summer, Whitsett applied for the Community Development Block Grant to pay
to connect the affected houses to the Burlington-owned water line running along
U.S. 70. Some wells in Whitsett have been contaminated by petroleum from leaking
underground storage tanks. The project would cost about $600,000.

But the town won't receive any funds from the current pool of $2.6 million that
will be used for infrastructure grants across the state for counties with low-
and moderate-income households.

However, Whitsett's application is considered an open application, so it may be
eligible for future community development funding.

Whitsett competed with four other communities in the state's central region. Two
of those communities are being considered for the current funding.

"It's just a case of too many needs and not enough funding," said Kathy Neal,
spokeswoman for the N.C. Department of Commerce.

The main criterion for the grants is need, she said. Compared to the two
communities still being considered, Whitsett did not have as high a percentage
of low- and moderate- income households that would benefit from the grant.

At the meeting, several Town Council members expressed hope that economic
stimulus packages being considered by the federal government might translate
into more state funding for infrastructure projects such as new water supply to
the homes with toxic well water.

Deal suggested that the town begin drafting letters to Sen. Kay Hagan and other
elected officials. Councilman Ken Jacobs suggested the town might want to take
advantage of possible future funding by trying to get funding to hook up the
entire town to the water supply, not just the homes with contaminated wells.

Contact Jamie Kennedy Jones at jamie.kennedy@news-record.com or 449-4610.

To see more of the News & Record or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.news-record.com. Copyright (c) 2009, News & Record, Greensboro, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090121-VG-Water-funding-denied-0121

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VG


                                 Copyright 2009


                              229 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                              March 8, 2009 Sunday
                                   1 EDITION

TOWN BRIEFS

SECTION: ITOWNS; Pg. H15

LENGTH: 906 words


NEW HAVEN

Planning Seminar Planned: The next Subway Supper Seminar, "Seven Ways to
Strategize for Stability in Rough Economic Waters," takes place Thursday, March
19, at the New Haven Public Library, 133 Elm St.

This seminar will be presented by Cornell N. Wright, principal of the Parker
Wright Group, Inc., a management consulting practice located in Stratford.
Participants will gather at 4:30 p.m. for resource sharing, networking and
sandwiches, and the seminar will begin at 5 p.m.

SWOT Analysis is a strategic planning method used to evaluate the strengths,
weaknesses, opportunities, and threats involved in a project, organization or
business. Wright will review the current business and nonprofit environment, and
demonstrate how to undertake a SWOT analysis to provide organizational stability
and growth even in difficult economic times.

There is no charge for this seminar, and free parking is available. Registration
is required, visit www.marchsubway.eventbrite.com or call the library at
203-946-8835.

Funding for this series is made possible by a grant from the Frederick A. DeLuca
Foundation and Subway Restaurants.

OLD SAYBROOK

Breakfast Buffett Scheduled: The Old Saybrook Fire Department 's Junior Division
is pleased to host a Sunday Pancake & Breakfast Buffet. Eggs, sausage, bacon,
toast, coffee, tea and juice will be served.

All are invited to attend and enjoy hot & fresh tasty food served by our junior
volunteer firefighters. The Old Saybrook Fire Department is on 310 Main St.

The final two breakfasts are today and March 22, from 8 a.m. to noon.

The breakfast is $5 per person. Free tours of the firehouse are available upon
request, but you must be accompanied by a member of the O.S.F.D.

Thank you for supporting the Old Saybrook Fire Department 's Junior Division.

The Old Saybrook Fire Department has proudly served the Old Saybrook community
since 1924. We also receive and provide mutual aid to our fellow firefighters in
neighboring towns. The department is comprised of all volunteers.

Applications For Septic Repairs Accepted: The Town of Old Saybrook is pleased to
announce that Social Services will begin accepting applications on March 18 from
income eligible homeowners for no interest loans for septic system repair.

The Small Cities Grant Program, administered by the State of Connecticut
Department of Economic and Community Development (DECD), awarded Old Saybrook
$300,000 to assist homeowners with the cost of repairing or upgrading their
septic system. An outline of the program is as follows:

The program is available town-wide and is consistent with the Water Pollution
Control Authority's Sewer Avoidance initiative.

The program is available to owner occupied and rental property with income
eligible tenants.

Grant monies are not available for commercial properties.

Owners receiving monies from this grant are not subject to interest on the loan,
or repayment schedules.

The loan becomes repayable in full upon sale of the property, transfer of title
or if the property is no longer the principal place of residency. This does
constitute a lien on the property.

Confidential application for assistance will be through Old Saybrook Social
Services beginning March 18.

Income limits are as follows:

* $ 43,050 for an individual

* $ 49,200 for a two-person household

* $ 55,350 for a three-person household

* $ 61,500 for a four-person household

* $ 66,400 for a five-person household

OLD SAYBROOK

Scholarships Offered: The Old Saybrook Public Health Nursing Board is offering
two, $2,000 scholarships to graduating seniors residing in Old Saybrook who are
entering an accredited school, which prepares the student for professional
practice in a health-oriented field. Some career pursuits that would be
considered are nursing; physical, occupational or speech therapies; social work
and health administration. In view of the shortage of skilled nurses, the Old
Saybrook Public Health Nursing Board will consider first the applicants entering
the nursing profession.

The criteria for the award are the goals of a career in the health services
field, acceptance at an accredited school and academic achievement and
motivation.

Applications may be obtained from the guidance departments at Mercy High School,
Xavier High School, Old Saybrook High School, St. Bernard High School, The
William's School and Hopkins School.

Completed applications must be returned to the Old Saybrook Public Health
Nursing Board office in Town Hall by April 30.

The award is made possible by contributions to the Old Saybrook Public Health
Nursing Board's Nightingale Fund.

OLD LYME

On the Lookout For Barbies: Barbie turns 50 on March 9.

The Old Lyme Phoebe Griffin Noyes Library is looking for women of all ages who
would like to share their Barbie doll with us for a display during the month of
April. Dolls will be displayed in a secure case in our lobby for all to enjoy.
We hope to gather dolls from different eras in different attire to show the
evolution of one of America's most popular toys. Small accessories to complete
the display are welcome.

The Old Lyme Phoebe Griffin Noyes Library is located at 2 Library Lane, Old
Lyme. Hours are Monday and Wednesday, 10 a.m. to 8 p.m., Tuesday and Thursday,
10 a.m. to 6 p.m., Friday 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. and Saturday 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.

For more information, or to share your Barbie with the library please call
860-434-1684 for Ronna Keith or Stephanie Romano.

-- Compiled from reader submissions

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              230 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 24, 2015 Tuesday 8:32 PM GMT

Irish Water: Householders have until June 30 to register with company or face
missing out on (EURO)100 grant;
This is the second deadline the Government has set for registration for the
hated levies

BYLINE: By Sarah Bardon

SECTION: NEWS,IRISH NEWS

LENGTH: 322 words


Householders have until June 30 to register with Irish Water or they will not
get the (EURO)100 payment.

Alan Kelly told the Dail tonight that families have three months to hand their
details to the firm or they will not get the water conservation grant.

This is the second deadline the Government has set for registration for the
hated levies after the one in February passed without any penalties for
customers.

He said: "I can confirm this evening that the 30th of June 2015 will be the
deadline for registering with Irish Water in order to be eligible for receipt of
the Water Conservation Grant this year.

"If a household has not registered by this date, it will not be able to receive
this (EURO)100 grant from the Department of Social Protection from September
2015.

"The Department of Social Protection will be communicating separately with
households from July onwards in this regard; the final date of 30 June for 2015
payments has been chosen taking account of the fact that there will be some
changes in residency up to that point.

"More details will follow throughout the month of April."

The (EURO)100 payment will be available to every household who registers with
the company.

Minister Kelly said opposition parties want to live in world where "nobody ever
has to pay for anything, that we live in a utopia where everything is free".

He added: "People have faced many difficulties during Ireland's recession and I
understand that new bills, no matter how small, are never welcome.

"I also accept that mistakes were made along the reform path.

"The Government has held up its hands and has dealt with the issues which we
were faced with.

"However, what we are faced with tonight in the Opposition's motion is further
encouragement of protest, obstruction and non-payment.

"This is in no way constructive; this does not provide a viable alternative to
achieving all our objectives of a water services system that is fit for
purpose."

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              231 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 24, 2017 Friday

Washington: ON WORLD WATER DAY, CONYERS REINTRODUCES BILL TO ADDRESS NATION'S
WATER INFRASTRUCTURE CRISIS

LENGTH: 684  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP  John Conyers has issued the following news
release:



 Congressman John Conyers, Jr. (MI-13) today reintroduced the Water
Affordability, Transparency, Equity and Reliability (WATER) Act. This
legislation would provide nearly $35 billion annually to modernize U.S. water
infrastructure. The WATER Act funds infrastructure projects by closing a
loophole on offshore corporate profits. The WATER Act would make these profits
subject to U.S. tax in the year they are generated and ensure that all funds
would go to publicly-owned water systems, rather than for-profit providers.





 "Today, we mark World Water Day 2017--where we focus on how important this
fundamental resource is to life itself. Around the world, people struggle with
access to safe, affordable water--sadly America is no different. Thousands of
communities depend on water pipes that are a century old, unsafe, and need to be
replaced," Congressman Conyers said. "That is why I'm introducing the WATER Act
of 2017, which funds a massive investment in our public water utilities and
creates thousands of jobs in every community. It would help places like Flint,
where lead has made the water undrinkable--or Detroit, where outdated
infrastructure makes water unaffordable. In the richest country in the
world--safe, affordable water in every home is a basic human right.  The WATER
Act would make that principle a reality for every American."



 More than 11,200 community water systems have lead service lines, some of which
provide water to schools. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency estimates
roughly $697 billion is needed to upgrade our drinking water and wastewater
systems over the next 20 years.  Without adequate federal support, communities
often have to compensate for the funding gap by raising service rates, which
some households cannot afford, leading some--including thousands of
Detroiters--to be cut off from water and sewer service. Current failing service
lines pose a danger to the environment, and wastewater overflows threaten public
health. Congressman Conyers introduced the WATER Act to help ensure access to
safe, clean, affordable water service. The bill reintroduction comes a day after
reports indicated that nearly 380,000 Michigan residents get their water from
systems that would fail to meet lead-safety standards proposed by Michigan
Governor Rick Snyder.



 The WATER Act would allow states to issue grants to replace lead service lines
and would establish a School Drinking Water Improvement Grant program to provide
funding to public primary and secondary schools that wish to test, repair,
replace or install the infrastructure necessary for drinking water foundations
or bottle filling stations. Additionally, the WATER Act creates a new grant
program to help households install, repair, replace and upgrade septic tanks and
drainage fields. The legislation also amends the existing Tribal grant program
to increase the amount of assistance from 1.5 percent of Drinking Water SRF
funds to 3 percent.



 The legislation is cosponsored by Reps. Cheri Bustos (IL-17), Yvette Clarke
(NY-09), Keith Ellison (MN-05), Dwight Evans (PA-02), Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02),
Raúl Grijalva (AZ-03), Jared Huffman (CA-02), Sheila Jackson Lee (TX-18),
Pramila Jayapal (WA-07), Hank Johnson (GA-04), Brenda Lawrence (MI-14), Michelle
Lujan Grisham (NM-01), Betty McCollum (MN-04), James McGovern (MA-02), Gwen
Moore (WI-04), Jerrold Nadler (NY-10), Eleanor Holmes Norton (DC), Mark Pocan
(WI-02), Jamie Raskin (MD-08), Jan Schakowsky (IL-09), Peter Welch (VT-At
Large). It is endorsed by over 60 labor unions, national and grassroots
organizations, including:  Food & Water Watch, Public Citizen, AFSCME, UAW,
National Nurses United, 9to5, National Association of Working Women, Alliance
for Democracy, Center for Biological Diversity, Corporate Accountability
International, Hip Hop Caucus, Michigan Unitarian Universalist Social Justice
Network, United Church of Christ, Detroit Metropolitan Association Social
Justice Mission Team, Michigan United, Water You Fighting For, We the People of
Detroit.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              232 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  The Register-Herald (Beckley, West Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              March 6, 2017 Monday

Commissioners critique Sam Black water project

BYLINE: Tina Alvey, The Register-Herald, Beckley, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 771 words


March 06--LEWISBURG -- Greenbrier County commissioners agreed Tuesday to
continue facilitating funding for Public Service District No. 2's planned water
line extension in the Sam Black area, but they also offered a sometimes scathing
critique of the path the project has taken.

In order for the long-planned water project to be financially viable, 80 percent
of the system's potential customer base -- 360 of the 450 households in the
proposed service area -- must sign up. And as of Tuesday, only about half of the
necessary signatures had been collected, according to John Tuggle, executive
director of the Region 4 Planning and Development Council.

The proposed service area for the expanded public water system includes Sam
Black Church, Crawley, Shawver's Crossing, Clintonville, Alta, Williamsburg,
Trout and Charmco.

But county commissioners said that if the scope of the project had included an
extension from Charmco to Rainelle, the additional customers in that area could
have closed the sign-up gap.

Commission President Woody Hanna said he believes as many as 90 percent of
Rainelle's water customers want to participate in a larger, regional system.
Thus, even as the number of households in the service area would swell with
Rainelle's customer base, the sign-ups would increase by an even larger
percentage, pushing the project across the 80 percent threshold, Hanna surmised.

Tuggle responded to Hanna's comments by saying that at one time he thought
Rainelle could be tied into the Sam Black project, but it couldn't be
accomplished.

"The scope is what it is," he told the commission.

Tuggle said changing the scope of the project at this late date would mean
starting over completely and losing the funding that has already been secured
for the current smaller project. He added that work is already under way on a
separate project that would eventually address the water issues between Charmco
and Rainelle.

Commissioner Lowell Rose said he understands the county "can't go back to square
one," but he hopes enough signatures can be obtained in support of the current
project for it to come to fruition.

"We don't want to go back ... and lose what we've got," he said, noting that he
still wants to see PSD No. 2 "get going" on the Rainelle-to-Charmco plans.

Tuggle referred to that additional project as "the next piece," saying by the
time it comes up for funding, more grant money should be available -- unlike
now, when the granting agencies are "pretty well tapped out."

Commissioner Mike McClung offered the most pointed criticism of the current
project's lesser scope.

Prefacing his remarks with the assurance that he was not going to oppose taking
the grant money now being offered, McClung nonetheless hinted that a deliberate
scheme among players he did not identify led to the Sam Black project's
exclusion of the area west of Charmco.

The idea of piping water from an abundant source to the flat expanse of land
near Interstate 64's Sam Black interchange was always the heart of the
conversation, McClung said. And Rainelle's water supply was part of the mix,
until suddenly it wasn't.

As a result, the Sam Black project went forward with all of its water supply
running through the existing Quinwood water plant, owned and operated by PSD No.
2. As outlined in a filing with the state Public Service Commission, the project
now includes upgrades to that plant, along with construction of a new water
tank.

"I think it was always their great desire to upgrade that water plant," McClung
said, positing the only way the unnamed "they" could guarantee that the upgrade
would occur was to "exclude Rainelle" from the project.

He said the county is now on the hook for a $10 million project, one-third of
which will go toward upgrading the Quinwood water plant.

McClung said if Rainelle had been included in the project, it would only have
been necessary to construct a pump at Charmco, which would have cost much less
than the water plant upgrades.

"What we have is a group that's going to get their way," McClung said.

At the end of his speech, McClung made a motion to sign the grant agreement
Tuggle had presented. The motion passed unanimously.

PSD No. 2 general manager Kevin Williams declined an interview request made by
The Register-Herald after the commission meeting.

The District provided the following statement about the Sam Black water project
Friday morning: "It's an ongoing project and still in the works."

-- Email: talvey@register-herald.com

___ (c)2017 The Register-Herald (Beckley, W.Va.) Visit The Register-Herald
(Beckley, W.Va.) at www.register-herald.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170306-WZ-Commissioners-critique-Sam-Black-water-project-0306-20170306

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WZ


                       Copyright 2017 The Register-Herald


                              233 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Sun Journal (New Bern, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 20, 2010 Wednesday

BRIEF: Aldermen schedule public hearing

BYLINE: Sun Journal, New Bern, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 217 words


Oct. 20--The New Bern Board of Aldermen is set to gather the public's opinion on
a $75,000 water and sewer hook-up grant application through a public hearing at
its regularly scheduled board meeting on Tuesday.

The city would use the Community Development Block grant, if awarded, to connect
low- to moderate-income households to the city's water and sewer services, said
Mike Avery, the city planning director. The city would select households within
city limits that are not currently connected to the system.

The city planning office is compiling a list of qualified households.

"Based on applications we have received to date, there are still openings
available," Avery said.

Anyone who wants to apply for participation may call Sue Steinhauser, at the
city planning office at 252-639-7586, to determine eligibility. The application
deadline is Tuesday.

To see more of the Sun Journal or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newbernsunjournal.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Sun Journal, New Bern,
N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101020-NS-BRF-Aldermen-schedule-public-hearing-1020-20101020

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                           Copyright 2010 Sun Journal


                              234 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Irish Daily Mail

                              March 2, 2015 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

No extras for Burton staff, insists Howlin

BYLINE: Liz Farsaci

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 605 words


BRENDAN Howlin has told Social Protection staff that they will have to 'do more'
to administer the controversial Water Conversation Grant.

However, the Minister for Public Expenditure and Reform also told workers that
the department won't be getting any extra money for it.

This is despite calls from the department of Tánaiste and Social Protection
Minister Joan Burton for additional funds to cover the administrative and legal
costs to roll out the grant.

The (EURO)100 Water Conservation Grant was introduced to replace proposed
rebates and social welfare measures mooted at an earlier stage.

Irish Water now plans to issue flat bills of (EURO)160 and (EURO)260 to
households, depending on whether houses are single or multi occupancy.

Householders registered with Irish Water can then apply for a Water Conservation
Grant of (EURO)100 - although they will have to wait until September to get it.

In the meantime, Niamh O'Donoghue, secretary general of the Department of Social
Protection, wrote to Robert Watt, her counterpart in Department of Public
Expenditure and Reform, asking for more money to cover the additional costs.

But Mr Howlin yesterday told RTÉ Radio 1's This Week that he would not be
funding the extra work. Instead, he expects department staff to be more
productive.

Asked yesterday what administering the grant would cost, he replied: 'That's a
very hard question to answer because there are 7,000 people working in the
Department of Social Welfare (Protection) - they don't just do one thing, they
do a number of things.

'In the whole reform agenda, I expect people to be flexible enough to do more,
and that has happened.' Mr Howlin added: 'If you look at the Department of
Social Welfare, we have downsized the numbers working in the civil service by 10
per cent over the last four years.

'At the same time, they handled a massive increase in social welfare payments,
by more productivity, and that's the way flexible organisations, both in the
public sphere and the private sphere, work.

'You can quantify a cost because there will be man hours or person hours
assigned to do it, but it will be within the confines of the administrative
budget they already have.' Meanwhile, the minister strenuously denied any
suggestion that charging households (EURO)260 or (EURO)160 a year, and then
giving back (EURO)100 to the householder was simply an 'accounting fraud', and
was tantamount to a scam.

'The Water Conservation Grant is not a payment uniquely to customers of Irish
Water,' Mr Howlin argued.

'It will be paid to thousands of families who provide their own water through
their own well or through group water schemes.' Mr Howlin also insisted that he
was very confident that Irish Water would pass the market corporation test.

He explained: 'All of the analysis that we did at the end of last year, and it
was a very thorough process involving my own department, the Department of
Finance and the Department of the Environment, designed a system that met three
criteria: Met the real demands of people, because [it was] as if this was the
last straw for people, and we needed to ease the payment to the farthest extent
possible, and that's what we did, so we have a very low payment.' The minister
continued: 'We also had two other criteria - and one was to ensure that it
passed the market cooperation test and we're very confident it will and thirdly
then, to allow it to have the scope to borrow the (EURO)600million annually that
it has already determined it requires to finally deal with decades of neglect,
of a poor water and an even poorer sewage system.' news@dailymail.ie

'I expect people to be flexible'

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DML


          Copyright 2015 Irish Daily Mail - Associated Newspapers Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              235 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                The Wayne County Outlook (Monticello, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 19, 2011 Tuesday

County to apply for $1,000,000 in CDBG funds to help with new water treatment
facility

BYLINE: Melodie Phelps, The Wayne County Outlook, Monticello, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 591 words


April 19--The county has agreed to apply for a $1 million Community Development
Block Grant (CDBG) in an effort to help the city with the construction of a new
water treatment facility. Magistrates met on Thursday, April 14 and approved a
resolution authorizing the grant application. A public hearing regarding the
grant application was heard just prior to the fiscal court meeting. During the
hearing, a representative from the Lake Cumberland Area Development District
described the CDBG program and its funding criteria.

The City of Monticello has received a series of loans and grants to fund the
approximately $11 million water treatment project, and County Judge-Executive
Greg Rankin noted that if the county is successful in this application that
money can be used for the project instead of borrowed money. This would help
keep water rates more affordable for all local residents, Rankin pointed out.
Also during the meeting, the magistrates discussed needed repairs to the outdoor
warning sirens. The court had discussed the issue last month, since a couple of
the sirens have not been operational. Rankin said there were a couple of
different options to get needed repairs done. The least expensive was to enter
into an annual service contract at a cost of $3,360 per year. The company would
cover the cost of repairs and maintenance with the exception of new batteries.
Rankin said that all the sirens need batteries replaced and the county will
purchase those at a cost of $2,367. District Three Magistrate Dale Vaughn
brought up the possibility of providing another warning system for local
residents in the form of reverse 911. Though the county does have sirens placed
in various locations around the county, there are still areas where they can't
be heard. Vaughn noted that reverse 911 actually calls every household in the
county in case of severe weather or other emergencies. He said it is a system
that would benefit the city, the county and the Monticello Utility Commission
and maybe there could be a cooperative effort to get reverse 911. "It is just a
really good warning system," stated Vaughn. Also during the meeting, the court:
--Approved the adoption of Carpenters Fork Road into the county road system.
--Received special district budgets for the Wayne County Conservation District
and the Meadow Creek Watershed Conservancy District. --Approved jail policies
and procedures. --Approved the transfer of $35,215 from the general fund to the
jail fund as needed and as budgeted. --Met in executive session to discuss a
personnel matter. No action was taken. --Approved the County Road Aid
resolution. --Heard a monthly report from Jailer Ray Upchurch who noted that the
current population at the Detention Center is 182, which includes 94 county
inmates and 88 state inmates. The county has billed a total of $93,979.58 for
housing inmates in the month of March. --Heard a monthly report from Solid Waste
Coordinator Tim Bell who stated that white goods had been picked up at 93
households in the past month bringing the total for the year to 212. Total
recyclable sales for the month of March were $11,301.02, bringing the total for
the year to $33,687.87.

To see more of The Wayne County Outlook or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.wcoutlook.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Wayne County Outlook,
Monticello, Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110419-OZ-County-to-apply-for-1,000,000-in-CDBG-funds-to-help-with-new-water
-treatment-facility-0419-20110419

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OZ


                    Copyright 2011 The Wayne County Outlook


                              236 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  The Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wisconsin)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           November 9, 2016 Wednesday

Area counties may seek state aid for flood-damaged homes

BYLINE: The Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 286 words


Nov. 09--Three west-central Wisconsin counties are seeking information from low-
to moderate-income homeowners whose residences suffered damage in storms and
flooding on Sept. 21 and 22.

Chippewa, Eau Claire and Clark counties are considering an application to a
state grant program that helps those homeowners pay the costs of natural
disaster-related repairs.

"If there are enough households who need help, we will submit a cooperative
application that can provide assistance funds for all three counties," Ruth
Rosenow, executive director of the Chippewa County Housing Authority, said in a
news release.

There are specific household income limits based on how many people live in
homes and which county they live in.

For example, single-person households making $33,750 or less in Chippewa or Eau
Claire counties or $38,550 or less in Clark County to be eligible, according to
the news release. Four-person households have a $48,150 income limit in Chippewa
or Eau Claire counties and $55,050 or less in Clark County.

Households who believe they are eligible for assistance are asked to call the
Chippewa County Housing Authority at 715-726-7801.

The damage can include roofing, windows, siding, foundations, electrical or
plumbing, heating and cooling systems, and water heaters at the homeowner's
primary residence. Water and sewer systems also could be repaired using the
grant funds. Outbuildings, sheds and other nondwelling buildings are not
eligible.

Rural Eau Claire County residents are eligible, but not those who live within
the city of Eau Claire.

___ (c)2016 the Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wis.) Visit the Leader-Telegram
(Eau Claire, Wis.) at www.leadertelegram.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20161109-EW-Area-counties-may-seek-state-aid-for-flood-damaged-homes-1109-201611
09

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EW


                       Copyright 2016 The Leader-Telegram


                              237 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           The Orange Leader (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            April 29, 2015 Wednesday

Deadline for Victory Garden residents drawing near for signing on for water and
sewer

BYLINE: Dawn Burleigh, The Orange Leader, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 480 words


April 29--Orange County Commissioners Court passed a resolution supporting the
expansion of Orangefield Water Supply Cooperation into Victory Gardens for water
and sewage service as an effort to clean the Adams and Cow bayou. The bayous
were placed on the endangered water list by the US Environmental Protection
Agency.

Texas Commission on Environmental Quality (TCEQ), Orange County and Sabine River
Authority are working towards restoring the water quality for contact
recreation, aquatic life and general uses of the waterways according to the
resolution.

Commissioner Precinct Three John Banken encouraged residents to sign up now.

"It is very important that we push for this," Banken said during the Monday
afternoon commissioners meeting. "Orange County Commissioners Court fully
supports this project. One hundred bucks is not a lot of money, but if they
don't tie in to the system now, it will be several thousands later."

The resolution states residents in the area of Victory Gardens can become
members of the corporation for $100, which will also cover the tie-in fees if
they sign up before June 1, 2015.

"We are under mandates  to clean up Cow and Adams bayou," Banken said.

Orangefield Water Supply Cooperation sponsored a field survey in the interest of
expanding services into Victory Gardens for the Implementation Plan for TMDLs
for Adams Bayou, Cow Bayou and their tributaries.

The plan for Total Maximum Daily Load (TMDL) for bacteria, dissolved oxygen and
pH in Adams Bayou, Cow Bayou, and their tributaries is a 70 page document which
includes identifying all the on-site sewage facilities in Orange County in the
Adams Bayou and Cow Bayou watersheds and prioritizing problematic areas as steps
towards cleaning the watersheds. This would include, where possible, connecting
households with failing septic systems to wastewater collection and treatment
systems.

The study reported nonpoint sources of pollution in the watershed to include
failing on-site sewage facilities.

The water supply company applied for possible funding through the United States
Department of Agriculture, Rural Utilities Services as well as the Water
Development Board.

"The deadline is June 1 because of the deadlines for the funds," Orangefield
Water Supply Corporation Interim Manager Joe Morton said. "Otherwise we have to
wait a whole year before we can apply again."

Orange County Health Director Joel Ardoin said this is a perfect opportunity for
residents.

"Because it is mandated, it will have to happen sooner or later," Ardoin said.

A CDBG block grant may be available but will be limited to low income households
, unlike the previous CIAP grants which were open to all incomes as long as the
household had a failing septic system.

___ (c)2015 The Orange Leader (Orange, Texas) Visit The Orange Leader (Orange,
Texas) at www.orangeleader.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150429-XY-Deadline-for-Victory-Garden-residents-drawing-near-for-signing-on-fo
r-water-and-sewer-0429-20150429

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XY


                        Copyright 2015 The Orange Leader


                              238 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       The Natchez Democrat (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          February 13, 2013 Wednesday

Ferriday garbage rates may rise

BYLINE: Rod Guajardo, The Natchez Democrat, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 604 words


Feb. 13--FERRIDAY -- Ferriday aldermen introduced an ordinance Tuesday to
increase the monthly household garbage rates by a whopping 66 percent, raising a
stink with residents at the meeting.The ordinance would increase household rates
from $15 a month to $25 a month and business rates from $22 a month to $32 a
month.

Mayor Gene Allen said after the meeting the purpose of the increase was to help
the town pay its monthly trash bill.

"Last month's bill for trash pickup the town paid was for $20,000, and we only
collected $17,000," Allen said. "We need to raise the rates, which hasn't been
done in a long time, in order to be able to pay the bill."

Audience members were quick to raise their hands for questions following the
ordinance introduction, but Allen requested that all public comments be held
until next month's meeting. Time will be dedicated to public comment at the next
board meeting before aldermen vote on the ordinance.

The increase, Allen said, was somewhat related to last week's suspension of all
garbage collection in the town by Waste Management because of a $200,616 past
due bill, which he said was left over from the town's previous administration.

Allen accepted a bid Monday morning from Delta Disposal of Ferriday to continue
the town's residential and business garbage collection.

The bid from Delta Disposal includes weekly collection, disposal and
transportation for approximately 1,240 residents and 110 small businesses within
the city limits for $9.45 per month, per unit.

The town's previous contract with Waste Management, Allen said, was $13.72 a
month for pickup twice a week.

Despite the cost savings of switching from twice a week to weekly pickup, Allen
said the town needs to plan for next year's garbage contract. The new deal with
Delta Disposal expires on Dec. 31.

"That's just a temporary contract, so we're trying to set the rates thinking
that after that date we're going to go be with a different company or the same
one, but under different circumstances," Allen said. "That increase is going to
help pay our bill every month."

In other news from the meeting:

?Aldermen Johnnie Brown updated the board on the town's progress of securing a
$5 million loan and $1.4 million grant by the U.S. Department of Agriculture to
build a new water plant and upgrade the town's water system infrastructure.

Brown said he, Allen and other town officials met with USDA representatives to
discuss the steps needed for the town to meet the guidelines for the grant.

"They're ready to cut some corners and help us get this money as soon as
possible," Brown said. "We're just in the final steps of getting some paperwork
submitted to the USDA before they sign off on it."

One of the guidelines for the grant was to have a third-party company operate
the town's water system, which the town fulfilled by contracting JCP Management
of Harrisonburg.

But the town's contract with JCP Management is set to expire in April, and Allen
requested the board give him permission to start advertising bids for a new
third- party company to manage the water system.

The board approved Allen's request under the condition that copies of any bids
received be distributed to all board members.

Another guideline included having working water meters in every household and
business around town.

Once all the final paperwork is submitted to the USDA, Allen said the town will
begin advertising for bids for the water meters and move forward with the new
water system.

___ (c)2013 The Natchez Democrat (Natchez, Miss.) Visit The Natchez Democrat
(Natchez, Miss.) at www.natchezdemocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130213-YY-Ferriday-garbage-rates-may-rise-0213-20130213

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YY


                      Copyright 2013 The Natchez Democrat


                              239 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                             August 19, 2011 Friday

Water supply and sanitation project in North

LENGTH: 226  words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Aug. 19 -- The government has commenced a water supply and sanitation
project with Asian Development Bank funds to improve water supply and sanitation
facilities of the people in Jaffna and Kilinochchi districts in keeping with the
government's target to provide safe drinking water for all citizens.

The Japanese Fund for Poverty Reduction has also agreed to provide a grant
assistance of US $ two million to improve water supply and sanitation facilities
of the people in 23 rural villages in Delft, Mathagal-East, Shanthai and
Vaddakachchi East and Central.

The government contributes Rs 28.7 million (US $ 0.26 million) while community
contribution will be Rs 17.3 million (Us $ 0.18 million).

All the activities of the project are scheduled to be completed by June 30,
2014. The project aims to provide safe drinking water for 1,900 poor rural
households. It will provide new low-cost household sanitation systems with
septic tank for 550 poor rural households and 15 demonstration
rainwater-harvesting tanks at public institutions in the project area.

Forty households in Delft area will be included in the pilot solar distillation
scheme. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily News Sri Lanka.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2011 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              240 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                           October 24, 2015 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

Nene looks to lessen paperwork for municipalities

BYLINE:  Thabiso Thakali

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 517 words


The government is to ring changes in the way it pays municipal grants to help
support the delivery of basic services while easing the administrative burden
before next year's local government elections.

This was announced by Finance Minister Nhlanhla Nene during his medium-term
budget policy statement in Parliament.

Municipalities are facing increased pressure to deliver services, including
repairs to decaying infrastructure, to communities - who continually embark on
protests in the countdown to local elections.

This week, Nene said the number of grants made to municipalities would be
reduced, to decrease the reporting burden and make the system more efficient to
administer.

He said the number of transfers to local government would be increased to
support the delivery of basic services.

The municipal water infrastructure, water services operating subsidy, and rural
households infrastructure grants would be merged into a single grant.

The public transport network grant would become a formula-based allocation.

The indirect bucket eradication programme grant, due to end with this fiscal
year, would be extended to 2016/17.

Nene said the upgrading of sanitation and eradication of the bucket system in
informal areas would continue to be funded through urban settlements
development, human settlements and municipal infrastructure grants as part of
the roll-out of basic services.

"To help subsidise the rising costs of providing free basic services, R6 billion
over the medium-term period will be added to the local government equitable
share," the minister said.

The government's mid-year expenditure for 2015/16 is R1bn more than in the same
period last year.

Nene said this was due mainly to a higher sum being transferred to
municipalities for the electrification of households, and increased expenditure
on advertising and travel.

The local government budget allocation for 2015/16 is R101.3bn.

This funding will be increased by 8.2 percent in the next three years.

Changes will also be made to provincial conditional grants, such as merging the
school infrastructure backlog with education infrastructure grants from 2017/18.

According to the Treasury, the provincial share of allocations will rise from
R386.5bn in this fiscal year to R476.6bn by 2018/19. KwaZulu-Natal gets the
largest share of the pie, R83.1bn, followed by Gauteng with R74.1bn, the Eastern
Cape R54.8bn, Limpopo R45.8bn and the Western Cape R38.5bn.

Provinces are primarily responsible for the delivery of social services,
including basic education and health.

Employees' pay takes the biggest slice of the pie in provincial budgets, and
accounted for 60.8 percent of expenditure in the first half of 2015/16.

Nene said the most pressing funding challenge provinces would face over the
medium-term period was dealing with the effect of the public sector wage
settlement agreed to earlier this year.

"An amount of R29.9bn will be added to the provincial equitable share in the
current year and over the next two years to fund the shortfall," he said.

"The balance will be covered through savings and the reallocation of surpluses."

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SS


                Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              241 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Irish Daily Mail

                          November 19, 2014 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

U-turn over PPS numbers;
In a critical last climbdown, NOBODY will have to give their PPS details to
Irish Water... and any they hold now will be destroyed Climbdown will sway
public mood

BYLINE: Senan Molony

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1,4,5

LENGTH: 1179 words


NOBODY will have to give Irish Water their PPS numbers under a major U-turn to
be announced when the Cabinet unveils its water charges package today.

In a move that will help alleviate the concerns of thousands of families, the
requirement to hand over their tax and social security number will be dropped
altogether. And Irish Water will be ordered to destroy the more than one million
PPS numbers it has gathered since the registration process began. The Data
Protection Commissioner will directly  oversee the deletion of private details
supplied by over 850,000 households in respect of all adult and child claimants.

Also yesterday, the firm said its staff will not be paid any bonuses for last
year or this year.

Water charges are expected to be attached to the home - similar to the property
tax - so the cost will remain even if the house is sold, and will more than
likely have to be paid first. However they will not be linked to wages, social
welfare payments, farm payments or other State grants.

Meanwhile, Enda Kenny has pledged that the law will be strengthened to ensure
that the people will have to be consulted in a referendum if Irish Water is ever
to be privatised.

The U-turn over PPS numbers is the last step in the Government's plan to reduce
opposition to water charges in the light of the nationwide protests.

Other measures already highlighted include capping charges for four years until
2018 and dropping the threat to cut off water from non-paying households.

Ministers hope that the package of U-turns, along with the forthcoming reshuffle
of the board of the utility company, will be enough to convince most of middle
Ireland to pay the new charges from next year. The first bills are likely to
arrive in April, and the annual charge for a family of two is expected to be
capped at around (EURO)160 after the Government rebate. Anyone living on their
own will pay as little as (EURO)60.

Ministers believe the climbdowns, combined with last weekend's intimidation of
Joan Burton, will sway public opinion.

And they see the PPS U-turn as a key part of the message that they have listened
to public concerns over the way Irish Water is run.

The demand for Personal Public Service, or PPS, numbers by a private company has
been one of the biggest bones of contention since the water charges controversy
began.

A campaign against the requirement has been led by senator and former
businessman Feargal Quinn.

Fianna Fáil frontbencher Willie O'Dea, who had refused to surrender his PPS
number to Irish Water, also raised the issue. The Limerick deputy said members
of the public were genuinely afraid to hand over their details, amid concerns
that Irish Water would be privatised in future.

The Irish Daily Mail can now reveal that the utility company will be instructed
to expunge all PPS numbers from its database, with ministers ready to admit that
such information should never have been asked for in the first place.

Those householders who have complied with Irish Water by returning their
application forms will have to apply separately for their (EURO)100 rebate on
their bills. Anyone who wants to avail of the new Water Conservation Grant -
which will come out of the Environment Department's annual budget - will have to
apply to the Department of Social Protection.

Applicants can specify how they want to be paid and supply their bank details
for direct transfer of the (EURO)100 grant.

A Cabinet source said: 'It will be done on the honour system. We recognise now
that it was a mistake for a private company to ever ask for PPS numbers, and it
wasn't done in a sensitive way, or even properly explained.' Those who apply to
Joan Burton's department for the grant only need to supply their name and
address to generate the corresponding PPS numbers on the internal computer
system. The Department of Social Protection is charged with maintaining the PPS
number system, which is tied to births and deaths registration, for which it
also has responsibility.

Irish Water already has access to Government address databases, such as the
property tax registry, and will have no trouble sending out bills, presuming
families are living at the relevant properties.

A single occupant will have to identify themselves to avail of the new
one-person flat rate charge, expected to be (EURO)160 per year. Offset by the
conservation grant, it will cost just (EURO)60. Households of two or more adults
will be subject to a flat rate charge of (EURO)260 a year. This will be defrayed
by the water conservation grant to a net amount of (EURO)160, charged quarterly.

The bills, the first of which will arrive in April, will show the level of
actual water use by metered homes.

Those who fail to register, apply for the grant, or pay anything at all, will
face sanctions. Their precise nature remains to be signed off by ministers at a
special Cabinet meeting at 7.30am today.

The proposed (EURO)425 standard charge for non-registered liable people is
expected to be scrapped. It might be replaced by simple liability to the capped
amounts, but there may still be the application of interest for late payment,
similar to credit card arrangements, or other penalties.

'There will be compliance measures in the package,' a spokesman for the
Taoiseach insisted last night.

And the use of funds from the Environment Department to pay everyone a grant
towards 'water conservation' is a route already approved by the European
Commission, the Mail has learned. Its effect is to side-step strict rules on
keeping the funding and liabilities of Irish Water off the national balance
sheet.

Failure to find a solution could have threatened Ireland's ability to meet a
required fiscal deficit target of 3 per cent next year, 'so it was in Europe's
own interests to facilitate us on this one', an insider said last night.

Meanwhile, anti-water charge demonstrators held a protest last night as the
Taoiseach arrived at the Newgrange Hotel in Navan for a meeting. He arrived at
8.30pm by a side street cordoned off from protesters. His car avoided the main
demonstration by accessing the hotel through the underground car park.

Awaiting gardaí, including members of the force's public order unit and Special
Branch, outnumbered a small group of about 30 protesters.

Elsewhere it has emerged that up to 50 assaults have been recorded by staff
installing water meters.

Junior Environment Minister Paudie Coffey told the Dáil yesterday that during
one incident, an employee was bitten. On another occasion staff were forced to
remain in their van for about 12 hours without access to food or water, the Fine
Gael TD said.

'Workers have been spat at, had objects hurled at them from glass to stones and
been hit with hammers and shovels,' Mr Coffey said.

'There has been a heavy and persistent level of online intimidation and
encouragement of cyber and physical abuse towards workers.' Comment - Page 12
senan.molony@dailymail.ie

Family charge is capped at (EURO)160 after (EURO)100 rebate     First bills for
household water to go out in April 2015     FULL STORIES - PAGES 4, 5 & 6
Continued from Page One

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DML


          Copyright 2014 Irish Daily Mail - Associated Newspapers Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              242 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                           September 15, 2009 Tuesday

greener living

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 873 words


Making your home energy-efficient can be costly, but the investment can pay off
in the long term if you take advantage of grants and instal a system that suits
your needs, writes John Cradden

ALTHOUGH household energy bills look set to fall in the short-term thanks to a
drop in international energy prices caused by the economic slowdown, it is
widely expected that prices will remain on an upward trend over the long-term.

There is continuing pressure to become more energy-efficient.

Many householders are probably wondering what more they can do to make their
house more energy-efficient if they have already done the "basics", like roof
and cavity wall insulation and double glazed windows.

According to energy-efficiency experts, the next logical step, aside from
servicing or getting a new boiler, is to invest in a renewable energy heating
system, such as a water heater fuelled by solar panels.

Biomass boilers or heat pumps can also replace conventional oil or gas boilers.

However, such systems are well-known to be a great deal more expensive than
conventional heating systems, and in most cases, the return on investment may
take a number of years to recoup, even taking into account the useful savings on
your average yearly energy bill.

Furthermore, it's not clear if prices for renewable systems will fall
significantly in the short-term as they are still relatively niche products.

Grants

But they are increasing in popularity, at least among householders with an
eco-conscience, thanks to the availability of grants towards the capital cost
under the Government's Greener Homes Scheme.

According to Sustainable Energy Ireland (SEI), which runs the scheme, over
26,000 applications have been made to date for grants under the current phase.

This phase is only applicable to existing houses and not new-builds.

But is a renewable energy heating system guaranteed to reduce a household's
annual energy bills'

Any household thinking of opting for any one of these renewable systems must
think carefully about their needs and lifestyle, says David Taylor, a former
chief executive of SEI and now managing partner of David Taylor & Associates, an
independent consultancy.

"The technologies being promoted under SEI's Greener Homes Scheme have different
features which are suited to different lifestyles," he says.

Solar thermal systems are by far the cheapest -- and the most popular -- of the
three technologies, although they only heat the water rather than the whole
house.

The idea is that they reduce the consumption of fossil fuel for domestic heating
and can typically provide about 55-70pc of a household's hot water requirements.

A typical system would cost between EUR2,500 and EUR5,000, according to the SEI,
but a look at some prices suggests that you can spend a lot more. However, you
can offset the cost with a grant of up to EUR1,800.

It is estimated that a typical installation would result in a saving on your
electricity bills of up to EUR300 a year.

Another factor to consider, according to Mr Taylor, is that because of the Irish
climate, solar panels are best suitedto those houses with a roughly south-facing
roof and perhaps with an old, less efficientboiler.

Biomass boilers, which cost between EUR10,000 and EUR16,000, burn high quality
wood fuels such as wood chips or pellets, which are cheaper to burn than oil or
gas.

You can save between EUR200 and EUR300 a year, but only if you buy your wood
pellets in bulk.

"To benefit from the largest possible savings it is crucial to buy your wood
pellets in bulk, and that has implications in terms of the size of storage space
needed and the accessibility for delivery trucks to the storage unit, which can
be large," says Mr Taylor.

Such boilers are best for households unable to source a gas supply, which
usually means those living in rural areas.

A ground-source heat pump is a device that can perform the same functions as a
conventional oil or gas boiler.

It "pumps up" heat from a low temperature source, such as the ground under your
lawn, and releases it at a higher temperature into your existing heating system
or via an underfloor system.

They cost between EUR12,000 and EUR21,000, but you can expect to save between
EUR300 and EUR400 a year over an oil or gas system, but only if you use
night-rate electricity.

Heat pumps are more suitable for new builds because they are most efficient when
connected to a low-temperature underfloor system rather than conventional
radiators.

"An important pointwith regard to cost is that electricity is two to three times
as expensive a heat source compared with gas or oil," says Mr Taylor.

He says poorly installed heat pumps can be costly. Grants of up to EUR3,500 are
available to offset the costs of either biomass boilers or heat pumps, although
these are not available for new builds.

Even with grants, the annual savings may not seem attractive enough given how
much they cost overall, but they can add to the value of your home and boost the
BER (Building Energy Rating). The value of the savings should also increase over
the next few years as oil prices will continue to rise.

However, the biggest boost will be to your green credentials, at least in the
eyes of the Joneses next door.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              243 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 25, 2014 Saturday

Menendez, Booker announce $120,000 for Water Systems in Maurice River, Downe and
Woodbine

LENGTH: 398  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Robert Menendez, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senators Robert Menendez and Cory Booker (both D-NJ) announced $120,000 in
federal funding to build and rehabilitate water and wastewater systems in
Maurice River, Downe, and Woodbine. The funding is awarded by the US Department
of Agriculture (USDA) through its Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural
Communities and Households program (SEARCH).

"These federal resources are great news for rural communities in Cumberland and
Cape May," said Senator Menendez. "Important investments like these help us
ensure that all New Jerseyans have access to safe, clean and reliable water
systems. I applaud this USDA program, and will continue fighting to advance our
state's public health and infrastructure for the safety and wellbeing of
families and businesses in New Jersey."

"It is vital that we prioritize investments in New Jersey's water
infrastructure. I am grateful to the USDA for awarding us with this grant which
will allow us to make necessary improvements to our wastewater system to support
the health and vitality of those who live and work in the rural communities of
Maurice River,Downe, and Woodbine," said Sen. Booker. "I am committed to
advocating for more funding that enables us to fortify New Jersey's aging
wastewater plants."

Through the USDA Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and
Households Grant Program (SEARCH), rural communities may obtain funding for
feasibility studies, design assistance, and technical assistance for water and
waste disposal projects.

The specific awards are:

$30,000 to Township of Maurice River (Leesburg and Dorchester) for a study to
evaluate the alternative wastewater disposal systems for the Leesburg and
Dorchester area.
    $30,000 to the Township of Maurice River (Port Elizabeth) for a study to
evaluate the alternative wastewater disposal systems for the Port Elizabeth
area.
    $30,000 to the Borough of Woodbine to study options that could potentially
remove onsite septic systems serving all the Borough's users including
residential, commercial and industrial users.
    $30,000 to the Downe Township for a feasibility study to assess the
possibility of providing public water and sewer in the township.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              244 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The Baluchistan Times

                            February 18, 2011 Friday

Japan to grant financial support of US$ 203,671 for Environmental Sanitation in
Hunza

SECTION: Vol. XXXV No. 47

LENGTH: 320  words


Government of Japan has decided to grant financial support of US$ 203,671
(approx. Rs. 17.0 million) to the Aga Khan Cultural Service Pakistan (AKCSP) for
the Environmental Sanitation and Water Supply Projects in Hunza,
Gilgit-Baltistan. The agreements for the two projects were signed on Thursday at
the Japanese Ambassador's residence in Islamabad, between Mr. Chihiro Atsumi,
the Ambassador of Japan to Pakistan and Mr. Akbarali Pesnani, Chairman of the
AKCSP.

The Environmental Sanitation Project is meant for the Improvement of
Community-based Environmental Sanitation, in Altit, Hunza. Around 237 households
(1,820 individuals) including IDPs, who have migrated after Attaabad landslide
disaster, will be benefited from this project. Local labour will be trained and
employed during the execution of the Project which will help them to get new
jobs in future to support their families.

The Water Supply Project is aimed at the Renovation of Water Supply Scheme in
Karimabad, Hunza. The grant will be utilized for the renovation of pipelines and
water tanks, which were previously funded by Japan in 2004 and were damaged due
to landslides during preceding years. It would ultimately help in preserving the
existing facility which is the present 'only drinking water source'. This
project will benefit 450 households (around 3,600 individuals) in this area.

At the signing ceremony, Ambassador Atsumi stressed that improvement of water
supply and sanitation is one of the priority areas in Japan's assistance policy
towards Pakistan.

He also emphasized that these projects would help more in improving the living
standards of the inhabitants of the vicinity and also encourage the tourists in
this valley which have very precious natural scenery and historical places. He
expressed his hope that the current projects would further strengthen the
existing friendly relations between the peoples of Japan and Pakistan.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              245 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                              June 9, 2014 Monday

USAID launches water scheme in GB

BYLINE: Statesman Report

SECTION: Vol. 16 No. 159

LENGTH: 245  words


The United States Agency for International Development (USAID) launches slow
sand water filtration scheme in Gilgit Baltistan (GB), which will benefit nearly
1,393 households at union council (UC) Daghoni Balghar of the district.

A press release issued here stated that with the support of USAID's small grants
and Ambassador's Fund Program LSO Daghoni Balghar will be providing safe
drinking water to 25 villages of UC Daghoni Balghar District Ghanche, through
water filtration system within a period of 7 months to provide portable water
and access to sanitation, as clean water and sanitation is one the neglected
sector in Pakistan.

This project will benefit nearly 1,393 households at UC Daghoni Balghar of
District Ghanche through construction of two slow sand water filters. The
communities of these villages currently have no access to potable water and rely
on river water for all their needs.

By directly drinking river water, a lot of water borne diseases like skin
infection, diarrhoea, vomiting, Acid Peptic Disease (APD), Indigestion and
Urinary Tract Infection are spreading in the area.

To ensure safe drinking water with USAID's support DB LSO will be constructing
two slow sand water filtration systems which will be at a distance of one km
from each other i.e. one on each side of the river. In each system, the water
filtration tanks would be connected with the river water through pipes, where
the water would be filtered using layers of sand and gravel.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              246 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Sanford Herald (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 19, 2009 Sunday

Residents seek water extension at North Plank

BYLINE: Erin Zureick, Sanford Herald, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 623 words


Jul. 19--n MEETING MONDAY

The Lee County Board of Commissioners will meet at 6 p.m. Monday in the
commissioner's room of the Lee County Government Center on Hillcrest Drive.

SANFORD -- Residents of North Plank Road are petitioning the Lee County Board of
Commissioners to help them get a water extension line for their homes.

The 18 households on the road get their water from wells, but some have dried
up, meaning a handful of residents have to haul water to fulfill their basic
needs. Others who have access to well water say it is of poor quality.

The county has prepared a grant application for the N.C. Rural Economic
Development Center, but money would not be available until the center makes
another round of awards in October, assuming the application won approval.

Without grant funding, residents would have few options to pay for the extension
except financing it themselves through the city of Sanford's assessment program.
North Plank Road is located in the western, rural part of Lee County.

The county sold its water system to the city in 2006, and another central
question is whether the Board of Commissioners will re-enter the water extension
business by taking up the North Plank Road issue.

Commissioner Ed Paschal, who has worked with the road's residents to promote a
water extension line, said he doubted the small number of households could
afford a line without assistance.

"I'm just doing everything I can to help them get water," Paschal said. "So far
I haven't been successful, but I'm not going to give up."

William Logan, a North Plank Road resident who was one of 16 people to sign a
petition for the extension, said he gets water from his well, though the quality
is often spotty.

He added he believes the issue is one of basic fairness.

"We don't think in a county like Lee County anyone should have to haul water to
their home just to bathe and cook and survive really," Logan said. "We've asked
and asked. It just hasn't worked out yet, but we keep trying."

Logan said residents believed they would receive additional access to water when
a line was put in on N.C. 42 several years ago, but it only ended up extending
to South Plank Road. Part of that project was paid for with grant funding.

David Aria lives nearby in a subdivision on Horseman's Lane Ridge and also
signed the petition. He gets his water from a well and said when he first moved
into his house, he had problems getting water and had to drill another well that
cost about $7,000.

He said he can relate to the problems of people on North Plank Road.

"Our well was 320 feet deep, and we couldn't take a shower and do a load of
clothes in half a day without the water running out," Aria said.

In lieu of grant funding, residents could petition city government for an
extension line, Public Works Director Vic Czar said. The city could pay for the
project initially, but the cost would be passed on to the households the line
would serve, he added.

"Usually what becomes the issue is who pays for it," Czar said. "Everyone is
trying to minimize their cost, and I don't blame them."

Logan said he hopes commissioners give the line a serious look.

Paschal said he plans to continue to fight for the water extension line.

"It's hard for me to lay down to sleep knowing my friends and neighbors don't
have water," he said. "I feel that strongly about it."

To see more of The Sanford Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.sanfordherald.com Copyright (c) 2009, Sanford Herald, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090719-HD-Residents-seek-water-extension-at-North-Plank-0719

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HD


                                 Copyright 2009


                              247 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)

                              June 15, 2007 Friday

Unity council OKs pact to finish water work

BYLINE: A.J. Panian

LENGTH: 361 words


Eighty-nine Unity households will receive water and fire protection services via
state and Westmoreland County grants, township supervisors said Thursday.

Supervisors voted unanimously yesterday to approve a $444,444 contract for
completion of the Baggaley water-line extension project with low bidder D.T.
Construction Inc., of Dunbar, Fayette County. The contract is contingent upon
the anticipated approval of $400,000 in Community Development Block Grant
funding through the county and an additional $200,000 from the state.

Designed to bring township municipal authority water to residences that rely on
wells, the project will be in an area south of Baggaley, beginning on American
Legion Road and extending to state Route 982. From there it will extend south on
Route 982 to its completion point on Macey Road. It's tentatively slated to
start later this summer, said Supervisor Mike O'Barto.

"This whole water line will be done through grants; that's a good thing," said
Supervisor Jake Blank said. "All those households will probably get a lower
homeowner's rate now because they'll have fire hydrants nearby."

Remaining grant money awarded for the project will be reserved for unforeseen
expenses, Blank said.

Supervisors also voted to permit PennDOT to use existing township traffic
signals at the intersection of Route 981 and Arnold Palmer Drive as the agency
continues to work to complete the Route 30 Corridor improvement project.

"The new construction is going to provide brand new (traffic signal) poles and
lights. In widening the roads, they have to move some of the existing ones, but
they decided to use some of our poles temporarily at that one intersection,"
Blank said.

In other business, supervisors denied an acreage reduction request by area
physician Gutti V. Rao to allow for the construction of condo and patio
multi-family-use homes for as many as 100 families on two parcels of land
totaling about 40 acres bordering Bruno and Marguerite roads.

Supervisors in February amended a township ordinance to expand the minimum-size
requirement for planned residential development zones from 25 to 50 acres to
better utilize areas of growth.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              248 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                The Jordan Times

                              May 28, 2012 Monday

'Water conservation a shared responsibility'

LENGTH: 514  words


AMMAN - The government and individuals share responsibility for protecting
Jordan's limited water resources by rationing water consumption, experts and
officials in the water sector said on Monday. Empowering local communities to
address the Kingdom's water shortage is vital, they said, highlighting that
implementing large-scale water projects will not curb the water deficit unless
efficient water use is applied at a household level. "Local communities play a
major role in the sustainability of water resources... protecting water
resources is not only the government's responsibility," Water Authority of
Jordan Secretary General Fayez Batayneh said.

Batayneh made his remarks during a conference on the Community-Based Initiatives
for Water Demand Management (CBIWDM) project, organised by the Ministry of Water
and Irrigation in cooperation with Mercy Corps, the Royal Scientific Society and
the Jordan River Foundation, and supported by USAID. The Kingdom's water
challenges, including scant resources and variable rainfall, require the
exploration of alternative water resources and better management of existing
resources, Batayneh said. "To cope with the water shortage, the ministry is
using more than 100 million cubic metres of treated wastewater for agricultural
purposes and encouraging the use of water-saving fixtures at hotels, government
premises and households," Batayneh underscored. Official figures indicate that
water demand management activities can save Jordan 400 million cubic metres of
water each year. Batayneh noted that the ministry also encourages and supports
grass-roots projects in rural areas, including rainfall harvesting and building
wells. During the conference, which brought together over 250 participants,
experts discussed the role of household-level projects in saving water and
called for expanding the CBIWDM project. Under the project, societies across the
Kingdom receive grants from USAID and Mercy Corps, then extend them to citizens
as revolving loans to implement water efficiency projects. The project,
implemented by Mercy Corps in cooperation with the Jordan River Foundation and
the Royal Scientific Society, was launched in 2006 and concludes next year.
Mercy Corps Director in Jordan Robert Maroni said the projects empowered local
communities to alleviate the impact of poverty and water scarcity, while
ensuring sustainability of natural resources. The project's three phases entail
revolving loans and capacity-building programmes for 135 societies, communal
grants for 30 societies, and integrated water and energy resource management
initiatives at the community level. The revolving loans have thus far benefitted
28,000 people, while 74 projects have been implemented at the community level,
including 31 in schools, 18 in mosques and 25 in water springs, according to
Mercy Corps. The projects included rainwater harvesting, maintenance of ancient
wells, maintenance of residential networks, installation of drip irrigation
systems, maintenance of irrigation channels and water springs, and the reuse of
grey water.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 62


                        Copyright 2012 The Jordan Times.
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              249 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                            February 18, 2011 Friday

Japan grants United States $ 203,671 for sanitation projects in Hunza

SECTION: Vol. 16 No. 47

LENGTH: 317  words


Japan has decided to grant financial support of US $ 203,671 (approx. Rs. 17.0
million) to the Aga Khan Cultural Service Pakistan (AKCSP) for environmental
sanitation and water supply projects in Hunza, Gilgit-Baltistan. The agreements
for the two projects were signed here on Thursday  between Chihiro Atsumi,
Ambassador of Japan, and Akbarali Pesnani, Chairman of the AKCSP, said a
statement issued by the Japanese Embassy.

The Environmental Sanitation Project is meant for the Improvement of
Community-based Environmental Sanitation, in Altit, Hunza in Gilgit Baltistan.

Around 237 households (1,820 individuals) including IDPs, who have migrated
after Attaabad landslide disaster, will be benefitted from this project.

Local labour will be trained and employed during the execution of the project
which will help them to get new jobs in future to support their families.

The Water Supply Project is aimed at the Renovation of Water Supply Scheme in
Karimabad, Hunza.

The grant will be utilized for the renovation of pipelines and water tanks,
which were previously funded by Japan in 2004 and were damaged due to landslides
during preceding years.

It would ultimately help in preserving the existing facility which is the
present 'only drinking water source'.

This project will benefit 450 households (around 3,600 individuals) in this
area.

At the signing ceremony, Ambassador Atsumi stressed that improvement of water
supply and sanitation is one of the priority areas in Japan's assistance policy
towards Pakistan.

He also emphasized that these projects would help more in improving the living
standards of the inhabitants of the vicinity and also encourage the tourists in
this valley which have very precious natural scenery and historical places.

He expressed his hope that the current projects would further strengthen the
existing friendly relations between the peoples of Japan and Pakistan.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              250 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                            February 18, 2011 Friday

Japan grants United States $ 203,671 for sanitation projects in Hunza

SECTION: Vol. 9 No. 509

LENGTH: 317  words


Japan has decided to grant financial support of US $ 203,671 (approx. Rs. 17.0
million) to the Aga Khan Cultural Service Pakistan (AKCSP) for environmental
sanitation and water supply projects in Hunza, Gilgit-Baltistan. The agreements
for the two projects were signed here on Thursday  between Chihiro Atsumi,
Ambassador of Japan, and Akbarali Pesnani, Chairman of the AKCSP, said a
statement issued by the Japanese Embassy.

The Environmental Sanitation Project is meant for the Improvement of
Community-based Environmental Sanitation, in Altit, Hunza in Gilgit Baltistan.

Around 237 households (1,820 individuals) including IDPs, who have migrated
after Attaabad landslide disaster, will be benefitted from this project.

Local labour will be trained and employed during the execution of the project
which will help them to get new jobs in future to support their families.

The Water Supply Project is aimed at the Renovation of Water Supply Scheme in
Karimabad, Hunza.

The grant will be utilized for the renovation of pipelines and water tanks,
which were previously funded by Japan in 2004 and were damaged due to landslides
during preceding years.

It would ultimately help in preserving the existing facility which is the
present 'only drinking water source'.

This project will benefit 450 households (around 3,600 individuals) in this
area.

At the signing ceremony, Ambassador Atsumi stressed that improvement of water
supply and sanitation is one of the priority areas in Japan's assistance policy
towards Pakistan.

He also emphasized that these projects would help more in improving the living
standards of the inhabitants of the vicinity and also encourage the tourists in
this valley which have very precious natural scenery and historical places.

He expressed his hope that the current projects would further strengthen the
existing friendly relations between the peoples of Japan and Pakistan.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2011 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              251 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            October 8, 2015 Thursday

Grant gives Mandan's plans a boost

BYLINE: LEANN ECKROTH Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 328 words


About $2.29 million in grants approved by the state Water Commission this week
will be leveraged to pay down a portion of $4 million in water projects Mandan
plans to complete in 2016.

City officials are awaiting a formal approval letter from the state agency
before it drafts a plan for the remainder of the costs, but a utility rate
increase  of $1 per month for each single-family household is being considered
by city commissioners, said City Administrator Jim Neubauer.

Projects planned include $3.2 million for a high-service pump optimization
system, Sunset Drive booster station pumps for $438,000 and $277,000 for
instrumentation and control upgrades. Costs are estimated as the projects have
not been bid out, according to Neubauer, who says the city aims to start
construction in the spring.

All three projects are tied to city growth, more demand for water and moving the
water more efficiently, particularly to the city's north section of town,
Neubauer said.

The base rate for water and sewer in Mandan is $24.95 per month for each
single-family household, said Greg Welch, city finance director. Any water and
sewer base rate increases would be used to pay for the high-service optimization
Phase I project only.

The other two projects' costs would be covered by city reserve funds, said
Welch, adding that a new utility rate increase could be activated by Jan. 1.

Mandan's last water and sewer base rate increase became effective Jan. 1 of this
year with an increase of $3.65 per month for a single-family residential home.
That rate jump was added to pay for a wastewater treatment plant interim
optimization improvement project through the State Revolving Loan Fund program.

The state Water Commission funding was among $160 million in projects awarded
for municipal, rural and regional water projects throughout the state this week,
according to an announcement by that state agency.

(Reach LeAnn Eckroth at 701-250-8264 or leann.eckroth@bismarcktribune.com)

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              252 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                            March 10, 2011 Thursday

Japan grants $103,713 for Muzaffarabad uplift

BYLINE:  Staff Report

SECTION: Vol. VII No. 68

LENGTH: 225  words


The government of Japan has provided grant assistance of US $103,713 to the
ASTAFADA, a non-governmental organisation, for the improvement of water supply
and sanitation system in Muzaffarabad, Azad Kashmir.

The agreement for the project was signed on Wednesday, at the Japanese
ambassador's residence in Islamabad, between Ambassador of Japan to Pakistan,
Chihiro Atsumi, and ASTAFADA President, Mutiur Rehman.

The grant will be utilised for laying down pipelines and constructing four water
tanks with ten distribution points to supply safe drinking water to the project
area that was badly affected in the 2005 earthquake. The project will also
provide sanitation facilities for schools and other public places to improve the
hygiene conditions. Awareness raising activities will also be conducted to
enhance the impact of sanitation. Through this project, 380 households (around
2,400 individuals) will be supplied water on their doorsteps, while around 3,200
additional people from the surrounding villages will get water from different
distribution points. The inhabitants of this city have faced difficulty
accessing clean drinking water. This project will mainly benefit women and young
girls of the locality, who have had to travel a long distance to fetch water in
order to fulfil everyday household needs, and will relieve them from this
burden.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2011 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              253 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                           November 20, 2014 Thursday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Reprieve as water bills delayed until early April;
BILLING

BYLINE: Niall O'Connor

SECTION: WATER CHARGES;NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 390 words


IRISH Water customers will receive the first bills through their letterboxes in
early April. The charging system will not begin until January, after the
Government decided to introduce a delay of three months.

All bills will be capped until January 2019, by which time the Government says
meters will have been fitted in almost every household.

After this date, the caps will be reassessed by the Energy Regulator. This means
that in four years' time, the caps of (EURO)160 and (EURO)260 may then be
raised. However, the Government last night said that new laws will be introduced
to ensure that caps and allowances remain in place.

"The Government is determined that water charges will always remain affordable.
Average charges will continue to be kept low through on-going subvention to
Irish Water," said a briefing document provided to TDs.

"The Government will also legislate so that domestic charges from 2019 onwards
can continue to be subject to caps and allowances set by the Minister for
Environment, Community and Local Government."

Environment Minister Alan Kelly said single-adult households could potentially
make money from the new scheme.

Mr Kelly said households who try to conserve their water supply could face bills
of under (EURO)100. This means that when the (EURO)100 water conservation
payment is applied, the household could potentially make a profit.

"In fact, some people will be able to get their bills below (EURO)100 and when
taken with the water conservation grant - they will likely be slightly better
off because of the introduction of water charges and meters," he said.

The Government also raised eyebrows by making it possible for households with
septic tanks to turn a profit. Single parent families in this category will face
capped bills of (EURO)80 per year - but still receive the (EURO)100 grant.

The charge for water itself was also cut yesterday by nearly 25pc. The charge
for supply and disposal of 1,000 litres of water has now been cut to (EURO)3.70,
down from the original (EURO)4.88.

As was the case previously, this charge is split in two, with half relating to
the supply of water and the remainder relating to disposal.

Households under boil water notices will face no charge for the supply of water
but will still have to pay to dispose of it. This is because this water can
still be used in toilets.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              254 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Himalayan Times

                             April 12, 2013 Friday

Harvesting the rain

BYLINE: HIMALAYAN NEWS SERVICE

LENGTH: 798  words


KATHMANDU: Water crisis is arguably the most formidable challenge facing the
Kathmandu dwellers in this day and age. In this regard, experts point towards
rainwater harvesting system as an important tool in mitigating the endemic water
problem. Rainwater harvesting is the accumulation and deposition of rainwater
for reuse.

"The concept of rainwater harvesting is not new," says Jeevan K Kasula, field
coordinator at Centre for Integrated Urban Development (CIUD). According to him,
people have been using rainwater for many purposes in informal ways like
collecting it in buckets and trenches since decades and using it for washing,
irrigation, and other household works. "The same concept is now being adopted in
formal ways by using modernised technologies to maximise the rainwater usage,"
Kasula says.

Although rainwater harvesting could be the most feasible solution to the water
scarcity problem, he states that only few individual house owners are open to
adopting this system. The cause for this stems from the general misconception
that the system hampers the foundation of the building, high cost, lack of
prompt technical assistance and inadequate awareness programme. Nonetheless,
rainwater harvesting is getting popular in schools, communities, commercial
buildings, housings and apartment complexes where the consumption of water is
high.

A survey report by Groundwater Resource Development Board in 2009 showed that
the usage of boring and extraction of underground water in the valley has
decreased the water level by 1.5 metres per year on an average. Kasula says that
it is quite easy to start water harvesting in the capital because of already
existing outlets in the terrace from where the rainwater is directed to the
drainage. "All that's required is to direct the pipe to a storage tank after
filtering the rainwater, but people are unaware of this simple solution," he
asserts.

CIUD is conducting a door-to-door campaign to ensure that at least 10 per cent
of 750 households in the Dallu colony adopt the rainwater harvesting system.
Depending upon the household and its structure, the rooftop rainwater harvesting
system costs between Rs 10,000 to Rs 20,000. There is also additional option to
make the most of the rainwater - that of setting up a recharge system for wells,
ponds and other open areas. Because of the additional work, the rainwater
harvesting and recharge system costs approximately Rs 70,000. Although the
initial investment may seem costly, experts state the latter has more long-term
benefits. Till date, CIUD's project titled 'Community Led Water Recharge
Management Project' led by United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) / Small
Grants Programme (SGP), has completed installation of water harvesting and
recharge system in 10 schools and at Swayambhu while recharge wells in 11
communities such as baha, nani, courtyards located inside the valley. For
consultancy and technical assistance for the system, CIUD has established a
resource centre at Lainchaur.

Stating that if planned in initial phase of building construction, setting up
the rainwater harvesting system could be easier and cost effective, Bekha Ratna
Maharjan, managing director at Neptech Pvt Ltd says, "The infrastructure, water
tank, well and other aspects can be modified as per the need of the system
without adding to the cost." According to him, the contracts for rainwater
harvesting have increased when compared to last year. However, he feels it is
not enough to tackle the swelling water shortage in the city.

Maharjan opines that because people are not well informed about the benefits and
long-run utility, they prefer buying water from tankers to installing rainwater
harvesting systems. He informs that the system not only helps provide a
sustainable water solution, but also improves the quality of water. "Rainwater
dilutes excess iron and ammonia that might be present in the boring water," he
explains. According to him, rainwater harvested during the rainy season can last
for at least four months. He suggests putting up the first flush filter system
for assuring the quality of water while storing the rainwater.

Being aware of the importance of rainwater harvesting, Shakila Shrestha,
resident at Tokha, planned and installed rainwater harvesting system in her
house during its construction phase. She went a step further in setting up
separate pipelines only dedicated to the water from rainwater harvesting. "The
initial cost was quite high - Rs 150,000 - but considering the fact that it is
very eco-friendly and helps to recharge the ground water, it was worth every
paisa," she says, further opining every household should adopt this system to
preserve the environment.

Kasula states that April is the best time to install rainwater harvesting
system.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2013 Himalayan Times, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              255 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                           November 20, 2014 Thursday

SPECIAL REPORT: What you need to know about the new water charges

SECTION: IRELAND

LENGTH: 4472 words


The public will not be dissuaded from mass protests against water levies,
according to organisers and opposition TDs, despite the Government s massive
climbdown on the charges which will be significantly less than what was
previously planned.The Coalition is pinning its hopes on a range of measure
announced yesterday to persuade most households to sign up for the deeply
unpopular charge after months of controversy and a major U-turn that has left
its authority significantly undermined. Under the revised plans, charges will be
capped until January 2019 at a maximum of  160 for a person living alone and
260 for all other homes of two adults or more. A  water conservation grant  of
100 will be paid to all households who sign up for the charge as well as those
on group water schemes. This will be paid by the Department of Social Protection
by way of cheque or into bank accounts. However, bill-payers will not be able to
apply for the rebate until September next year and it is unknown how long it
will take to issue the grant.

Households have until February 2 to register with Irish Water and, instead of
giving PPS numbers as previously planned, they will make a self-declaration of
how many people live in the house which will be subject to an audit. Those who
do not register will be subject to a  default bill  of  260 and will lose out on
the  100 rebate. Late payers will be subject to penalties of  30 for a single
adult household and  60 for other households, which will apply to bills three
months following the year of non-payment. Irish Water will be able to bring
non-payers to court. Renters will be forced to pay for the charge, with
legislation being introduced to allow landlords deduct unpaid water charges from
tenants  deposits. Laws will also be introduced to ensure that no future
government can privatise Irish Water without holding a referendum on the issue.
Announcing the changes, the Environment Minister Alan Kelly said the Government
had made mistakes, but has  listened carefully and lessons have been learned .
He denied the changes were prompted by electoral concerns, saying he wanted his
legacy to be based on his concern for  the long-term needs of the country and
the needs of future generations and not by the electoral cycle . He told a press
conference that:  History has shown, in fairness to the Irish people, they do
pay their bills. But like any utility there will be people who decide they will
not pay and Irish Water will have the capacity to deal with that over a period
of time.  During six hours of Dáil debate, Taoiseach Enda Kenny said:  There is
no good time to take decisions that have a financial implication on households,
least of all as we are emerging from one of the worst recessions that this
country has ever endured.  He added:  I commend those who have done this in a
peaceful and in a respectful manner, their voices have been heard and their
voices have been listened to.  However, the campaign group Right2Water said a
national demonstration is still planned for outside the Dáil on December 10. It
accused the Government of introducing a  flat-rate home tax which will see a
low-income family in rented accommodation paying the same as an affluent
household in an owner-occupied mansion . Another anti-water charge group  We Won
t Pay , led by Socialist Party TDs, insisted the bills will be met with a major
boycott. Independent TD for Kildare, Catherine Murphy, said Irish Water has lost
the confidence of people.  I don t think there will be an acceptance of Irish
Water and there will be a lot of people on the streets on December 10, what will
you do then?  she asked the Taoiseach in the Dáil. Independent TD Clare Daly,
said people are  utterly sick of managing  and of  working longer hours for less
. How will it all work? - New capped charges of  160 for a single person and
260 for a house of two or more adults. - A water conservation grant of  100 will
be paid to all homes who sign up, meaning no family will have to pay more than
160 a year. - These charges will be capped until January 2019. - Late payers
will be hit with penalties of  30 for a single adult and  60 for other
households, added to bills in the following year. - People can pay in regular
installments in their local post office. - Landlords will be able to take unpaid
bills out of tenant s deposits. - Households have up until February 2, 2015, to
register, or else face a default bill of  260 for the year. - PPS numbers will
no longer be required. The new system will be based on self-declaration and
audit. - First water bills will arrive on doormats in April 2015. - New laws
will ensure future governments will not be able to privatise Irish Water without
holding a referendum.

Charges boycott  made easier

By Shaun Connolly Political Correspondent

A mass boycott of water charges has been made easier by the Government s retreat
on penalties for non-payers, left-wing TDs insisted. Socialist deputy Ruth
Coppinger said the Government s revamped package was not enough and only
abolition of water charges would quell public protests against payments.
Branding the charging regime a  con job  intended to soften people up for much
higher prices later, Ms Coppinger said removing the threat of cutting water
supplies to those who boycotted the levy would swell the ranks of a boycott.
Instead of cutting supply to a trickle, non payers will face penalties of up to
60 under new Government proposals.  It will make it easier for people to engage
in a mass non-payment protest in April.  Penalties of  30 and  60 won t frighten
anyone, and they will come in just at the time of the next general election in
2016,  Ms Coppinger said. Fellow Socialist TD Joe Higgins expressed outrage that
landlords would be able to take money from the deposits of tenants who do not
pay water charges. Sinn Féin deputy leader Mary Lou McDonald insisted that she
would refuse to pay the charges.  Everyone has the right to a water supply   it
is not a luxury,  Ms McDonald said as she insisted Irish Water was a bloated,
unnecessary construction. Fianna Fáil s Barry Cowen said the Government s
massive climbdown  had come too late after the opposition been pointing out
flaws in the legislation for nearly a year. Mr Cowen also scoffed at Environment
Minister Alan Kelly s decision to remove threats to reduce water supply to
non-payers to a  trickle . The Fianna Fáiler said it was a pity the minister and
his colleagues did not raise objections to the provision when it was introduced
last year. Independent MEP Luke  Ming  Flanagan said:  Surely people won t
swallow this latest scam?  Former Labour minister turned independent TD Roisín
Shortall said the Government had not explained how its so-called water
conservation grant of  100 for each household would work.  So in the latest
water charges U-turn, we now have a  conservation grant    what exactly does it
conserve?  Ms Shortall asked. The Dáil had to be suspended for 45 minutes after
opposition TDs expressed outrage that Mr Kelly left the chamber as the debate
was getting under way in order to attend a press conference. Anti-Austerity
Alliance s Paul Murphy predicted large-scale street protests against the charges
would grow as a result of the Government s partial climbdown.

What you need to know about the new charges

By Fiachra Ó Cionnaith

Q. What will each person pay Irish Water? A. A two-person household will pay
260 and a single person household will pay  160. These rates will be capped
until the end of 2018, and can be paid in instalments of as little as  5. Anyone
who registers can also apply for a  100 Water Conservation Grant on their
primary dwelling from the Department of Social Protection, bringing the charges
down to  160 and  60. Registered households with children will also receive a
21,000-litre free allowance for each child   one flush and one hand wash a day
while Irish Water will cover the first call-out to fix a water supply problem,
although plumbing remains a household s responsibility. In cases involving
houses with meters, charges could be lower if there is proof less than the
allowance was used. Owners of  not permanently occupied  houses will pay  125-
260. Q. How do I claim my  100 discount? A. Those registered can claim the grant
by applying to the Department of Social Protection, which will administer the
fund either through a rebate, a cheque or a payment into individuals  accounts
next September. Q. So, is the confusion over? A. Well, yes, no and maybe.
Environment Minister Alan Kelly confirmed yesterday that water charges will be
capped at their current level until the end of 2018. Legislation will then be
implemented to continue a cap. The coalition expects this move to calm concerns
over any future rises once the current row subsides. However, those opposed to
the concept of water charges have noted legislation can be changed, adding the
only way to ensure this does not happen on a Government whim   a referendum
has been dismissed. Q. I ve already given private information such as my PPS
number to Irish Water. This is now no longer needed. What happens to my details?
A. You don t have to contact Irish Water to destroy your private details; they
will do it for you. Irish Water has confirmed that, to  protect customers data ,
it will  remove PPS data already collected to the satisfaction of the Office of
the Data Protection Commissioner . This will be  independently verified  by
Ireland s data watchdog. Q. Do I have to register again, and do I have to
register with both Irish Water and the Department of Social Protection? A. If
you have already registered you do not have to do so again, provided the number
of people living in your home is unchanged. Q. I have registered as a single
household. Can Irish Water check if I really am living by myself? A.
Technically, no. The company has committed to  self declaration , meaning it is
up to you to be truthful. However, for those who wish to be factually liberal,
it is worth noting Irish Water will be open to audit, so any registration
mistakes  could still be picked up. Q. I ve not registered and have an  old
Irish Water pack. What do I do? A. If you have yet to register, you should fill
it in and send it back   but leave the PPS number blank. Q. I haven t registered
yet. If I want to, when is the new cut-off date? A. The new registration cut off
date is February 2, 2015, instead of the end of this month. People will be
billed from January 1, with the first payments expected on April 1   April Fools
Day. Q. I still won t pay. Can I be brought to court? A. Yes. However, in the
first instance Irish Water will fine people who do not register. A two person
non-paying household will be hit with a  60 fine if the charge is not paid three
months after a bill, with an extra  60 added on every year after. The figure
will be  30 for single households. In a stroke of good fortune for Government,
these fines will only come into effect after March 2016, in other words after
the next general election. Irish Water has also said it  can pursue debt through
the courts in the normal way . Q. Will water meters still be put in place, and
are they now of any use? A. Irish Water will still install meters as they are
essential  for detecting leaks and checking water usage. The firm says the
equipment   which is already in place in one in four households nationwide
could in fact save you money if it shows you are spending less than your
allowance. However, those opposed to charges believe it is a sign increases are
on the cards in the future. Q. I m a landlord and my tenant is refusing to pay.
What happens? A. Legislation will be drawn up to allow landlords to take the
Irish Water charge out of their tenants  deposits if they choose not to pay,
meaning the landlord will not be left out of pocket. Q. Only my sewage water
supply/drinking water supply works. Do I still pay? A. No. If you are only
supplied with water for sewage purposes you will only pay for this, and visa
versa. Q. My water is undrinkable. Do I still pay? A. If your drinking water
supply is undrinkable you will not have to pay anything for the service.
However, you will still have to pay for any sewage water supply. Q. All these
discounts mean Irish Water will bring in far less funds than planned. Who will
fill gap? A. Well this is awkward: us. In an effort to convince people to
register, the Government is providing a  100 Water Conservation Grant to Irish
Water customers. Taxpayers will pay for the grant, meaning you will be paid with
your own money.

A Tour de Farce that could spark revolution

By Shaun Connolly, Political Correspondent

The capitulation on water charges was absolutely nothing to do with the
electoral cycle , Environment Minister Alan Kelly assured us   the fact he was
furiously back-pedalling like the exhausted rider of said cycle as he made the
announcement was merely an unfortunate coincidence. As the Government s handling
of the Irish Water fiasco has always been less Tour de France, more Tour de
Farce, it befitted this tragi-comedy that not even Mr Kelly could keep a
straight face as he delivered his electoral cycle line. A lopsided smirk adorned
the minister s face as the opposition benches erupted in laughter and scorn as
he berated previous governments for  focusing on little else than the next
election . As his entire speech was engineered as a panicked attempt to try to
salvage some sort of showing for Labour at the next election   and position Mr
Kelly as party leader shortly after the polls close, whatever there may be left
to lead   the minister was playing with fire as he desperately tried to wash
himself politically clean of Irish Water. Attempting to cast himself as the
touchy-feely water fairy in contrast to the pantomime villain of his
predecessor, Phil Hogan, Mr Kelly laid into Big Phil s threats to turn supply
for non-payers down to a  trickle .  I don t think that is appropriate. I don t
think that should have happened,  Mr Kelly said. So, why did he, and every other
Government TD, vote for cash-strapped families to have their water supply
reduced to a  trickle  when the Coalition ram-raided the legislation through the
Dáil in a matter of hours last December then? Did Mr Kelly suddenly find his
social conscience at the back of the cupboard where he came across the  130m
bribe   sorry water conservation grant   that is to be thrown at voters in the
hope they will forget the unbelievably cack-handed manner this Government has
gone about imposing its new tax? The minister revelled in his insistence that
some people will actually be better off if they cut their water use enough to
pocket the surplus from the  100 a year payment being handed out in a bid to
blatantly buy off the mass protests on the streets by paying people back with
their own money. But, unfortunately for him, voters realise that for all its
talk of  listening , the Government has appeared weak and out of touch, and only
crumpled on the water tax by imposing what amounts to a second property tax in
its stead. With Fianna Fáil originally agreeing to water charges when they
surrendered economic sovereignty to Brussels in 2010, the party s environment
spokesman Barry Cowen had something of a credibility gap to make up. And
branding Irish Water a  bonus-driven-gold-platted-super-quango  in the manner of
Mary Poppins s  Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious  did not really do the trick.
But every time Mr Kelly referred to  my legacy  in an almost regal fashion, the
opposition benches would bristle with splutters of  Ooooh, who does he think he
is? -style interruptions. And when Mr Kelly then haughtily left the chamber as
the debate had barely begun in order to court the media limelight, his hubris
provoked an opposition walk-out which Fine Gael scrambled to spin into an agreed
suspension in order to spare Government blushes. Curiously, Mr Kelly s trademark
my  when announcing how great his reforms were suddenly became  we  when the
minister acknowledged failure, stating:  Of course we have made mistakes as a
Government.  But then this is probably not the best slogan for the electoral
cycle:  Re-elect us. We make mistakes. Of course.  Water tax-weary voters are
more than likely to reply:  On yer bike  to that one.

Households  could make money from new water charge

By Juno McEnroe, Political Reporter

Households could actually make money from the new water charge arrangements, the
Government has claimed. People who save water under the reduced charge system
could be better off after they draw down their annual grant, Environment
Minister Alan Kelly said. He announced that homes could  beat the cap  or end up
paying less than the new fixed rate of charges, if they saved more water. Only
households with meters will be able to make these savings. As of last night,
only one-third of all homes were metered. Where consumers with a meter use less
than the fixed rate, they will be entitled to refunds. The new fixed rates mean
no home will pay more than  160, no matter what amount of water they use or how
many adults are in the home. But homes can begin applying for a  100 supplement
payment or  water conservation grant  by next September, which they will then
later be paid by cheque or into their bank account. This means Irish Water
customers who conserve their usage and receive their grant could profit from the
new charging regime, the Government claimed. Mr Kelly explained:  In fact, some
people will be able to get their bills below  100, and when taken with the water
conservation grant   they will likely be slightly better off because of the
introduction of water charges and meters.  The Labour minister said that it was
still up to Irish Water whether they pursued households in the courts who
refused to pay charges. But he warned:  That can have an impact on people s
credit ratings, I wouldn t encourage it.  Households are being asked to sign up
through an  honour system,  he said, adding that there was a  matter of trust
there with how many occupants in a home were declared for charges. During a
press conference, he said he would consider future legislation which would
require newly built homes to have rain-harvesting facilities in them. The
Government yesterday also brushed aside criticism that it was wasting  539m
installing meters around the country that would matter little to how bills were
calculated, with fixed rates in place until the beginning of 2019. Mr Kelly said
the meters were also needed to help Irish Water identify where the big leaks are
around the country. He said yesterday that it had been discovered that 22
households with newly-installed meters were leaking a million litres a day into
driveways   enough to serve needs in a day in the town of Gorey. Mr Kelly said
the Government estimated that as many as half of Irish households could be able
to  beat the cap  and have bills lower than the fixed rates, but only if they
reduce their water consumption by between 10% and 15%. However, the energy
regulator has told the Government Irish Water s initial estimates conclude that
water usage is only expected to fall by 6% in homes with meters.

Cork hotel refuses to host FG party meeting over fears of a blockade

By Sean O Riordan

Fine Gael has found another venue for an important meeting after a Cork hotel
refused to host it amid fears it could be blockaded by anti-water charge
protesters. The party had booked a conference room for a regional meeting of its
members at the Rochestown Park Hotel, Cork for tonight, which was to be
addressed by Taoiseach Enda Kenny. But it was cancelled by the hotel and Fine
Gael has been forced to change venue to the Oriel House Hotel, Ballincollig. A
Fine Gael spokesman said the party was surprised by the move as there had been a
similar regional meeting at a hotel in Navan on Tuesday night which resulted in
no trouble, even though around 30 protesters turned up. The Rochestown Park
Hotel took the decision based on recent events when Enda Kenny s car was blocked
by protesters in Sligo and Minister Joan Burton was penned in by protesters for
more than two hours in Dublin. A hotel spokesman said the party had booked a
large room as it had expected hundreds of people to turn up to its meeting. The
decision not to host it was made by hotel management on Tuesday afternoon.  It
was done for security and safety reasons.  It was for the safety of staff,
in-house guests and our neighbours,  the spokesman said. It s understood that
Minister Simon Coveney has revealed gardaí are providing increased security for
some ministers following the recent incidents. It s expected the Taoiseach will
attend tonight s meeting which takes place at 8pm. Tomorrow, anti-water
protesters have vowed to picket Mr Kenny when he arrives in Blackpool to visit
online gaming company, Xanadu, where he is expected to make a significant jobs
announcement. It is expected gardaí will be out in force in both Ballincollig
and Blackpool.

Levy a  second flat-rate home tax by another name

By Juno McEnroe Political Reporter

Anti-water charge campaigners have claimed the Government s new water charge
package is a second flat-rate home tax by another name   and have vowed to
continue with protests nationwide. Socialist TDs also accused the Coalition of
engaging in  political trickery  with the climbdown on water charges announced
yesterday for what the Socialists said were election reasons. As the Coalition
made a last-ditch attempt to ease public anger, opponents of the levy pointed
out the changes in the main ignored people s incomes, their water usage or
household size. Campaign group Right2Water said a national demonstration was
still planned for outside the Dáil on December 10. Responding to the new fixed
rate of charges in place for the next four years, it added:  The Government has
introduced what is basically a new flat-rate home tax   one which will see a
low-income family in rented accommodation paying the same as an affluent
household in an owner-occupied mansion. At the same time, any pretence at
conservation has been abandoned.  Socialist TD Ruth Coppinger said new charge
arrangements would be the same for millionaires as well as the poorest. The
Government had looked at special allowances for the low-paid and those on
welfare payments. But under changes announced, all homes will get the annual
100 supplement, or what is being termed a  water conservation grant . No homes
that register with Irish Water will pay more than  160 a year in charges for the
next four years, regardless of their circumstances. The grant will only be paid
to those who register. Ms Coppinger said she and other campaigners were not in
favour of violent protests. But she said protesters had a right to  get up close
with ministers if they arrived at events in their areas.  These meters are going
to go the way the e-voting machines did, and be useless.  With these changes, it
doesn t matter if you re a millionaire or have a swimming pool; you pay the same
as the poorest.  People would still come out on the streets, she said, and would
protest by not paying their first bills  which will arrive in April. TD Joe
Higgins said the lower fixed rates were  political trickery  and would be hiked
once the cap was lifted. He and other TDs are arranging a protest outside Irish
Water s HQ in Dublin on Saturday, November 29.  The Government s threats against
people to pay the charges won t have the desired effect as they will be facing
into a general election when they come.

Union: Stand-off over staff bonuses

By Stephen Rogers

Siptu has said there is now a  stand-off  over the decision by Irish Water to
withhold employee bonuses for 2013 and 2014 and that industrial action cannot be
ruled out. After meeting with Irish Water management in Portlaoise yesterday,
the union, which represents 100 of the company s 400 directly employed workers,
reiterated that it will not accept any unilateral changes to its members  terms
and conditions of employment and that the withholding of employee bonuses
equated to a pay cut. Siptu s sectoral organiser Adrian Kane said very little
progress was made in the talks and there appeared to be a  stand-off  between
the two sides. He said the union will hold a series of meetings with staff
members over the next two weeks to decide on their position before reverting to
management. Mr Kane said the workers were not going to be made scapegoats for
what was an unpopular tax. He said industrial action was  within their rights
as the withholding of the bonuses had been uni-laterally imposed though he said
it was not their intention to go  gung-ho .

Non-payers will be pursued through courts

By Juno McEnroe, Political Reporter

Households who refuse to pay their water charges will still be pursued in the
courts and unpaid bills will be attached to people s properties. Under proposals
to overhaul the water charge regime, the Government is also considering new
legislation to allow landlords to take unpaid water bills directly out of
tenants  deposits. Penalties of  30 will also be added to one-adult homes with
unpaid bills, while households with two adults or more face penalties of  60 for
not paying the levy. But these will not kick in until after the next general
election. The penalties form part of the Coalition s new water charge package.
Environment Minister Alan Kelly said it was not the intention to drag people
through the courts yesterday but that it would be up to Irish Water whether they
used that option. No new legislation will be drafted for this, his officials
said. However, new legislation is being drafted which will allow Irish Water to
apply the charge to a property in the event of non-payment. This will affect the
sale of properties. The Government said under the new plans homes with one adult
will face a  30 penalty if their bill is unpaid for a year while multi-adult
homes will face a  60 penalty. This means that the first penalties applied to
people will only be applied after the next general election, as the first bills
are not due to arrive in people s homes until April of next year. Mr Kelly said
yesterday said that previous plans to cut off or reduce people s water supplies
were being dropped. Explaining the new rules, he said:  I intend to legislate to
remove the power to cut off or reduce the supply of water to premises where
water charges remain wholly or partly unpaid.  Instead, unless the customer
enters into a payment plan, late payment penalties of  30 for a single adult
household and  60 for other households will be added to bills three months
following a year of non-payment.  He also said his department and Irish Water
would be consulting with landlords before deciding on legislation to penalise
tenants who do not pay charges.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              256 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 19, 2015 Tuesday

Private water gets state help

BYLINE: Chris Woodka, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: NATIONAL POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 350 words


May 19--Nonprofit rural water districts will benefit from new legislation that
will allow them to apply for state grants and loans.

Gov. John Hickenlooper is scheduled to sign the legislation into law this
afternoon in Rocky Ford, at the offices of the Lower Arkansas Valley Water
Conservancy District.

"The beauty of this is that it just doesn't help water districts in our area,
but throughout the whole state," said Bill Hancock, manager of conservation
programs for the Lower Ark District.

Hancock is part of the Eureka Water District, one of 28 water districts in Otero
County, many of them private associations. Those districts

sprang up during a time when rural households were switching from cisterns to
water delivery systems that served multiple households.

Now, those districts are finding it difficult to make changes required by
stricter water quality regulations or just the need to keep up with repairs.

The legislation, Senate Bill 121, amends the law for the drinking water
revolving fund administered by the Colorado Water Resources and Power
Development Authority to make private, nonprofit entities eligible for loans or
grants. It was sponsored by Sen. Larry Crowder, R-Alamosa, and others.

"A lot of the companies are dealing with radionuclides or have aging
infrastructure, which is very costly to fix, and they have no good way to
finance improvements," Hancock said. "In order to get government help, they had
to be a governmental entity."

Some of the private water districts in Otero County formed an association last
year in an attempt to get state funds, but it was treated as a "pass-through"
agency by the state, Hancock said. The Lower Ark district pushed for the new law
that keeps the funding door open.

"We needed a legislative change," he said.

The new law also will help agencies in the Arkansas Valley Conduit prepare for
hooking into the new water delivery system from Pueblo Dam when it is built.
cwoodka@chieftain.com

___ (c)2015 The Pueblo Chieftain (Pueblo, Colo.) Visit The Pueblo Chieftain
(Pueblo, Colo.) at www.chieftain.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150519-PB-Private-water-gets-state-help-0519-20150519

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2015 The Pueblo Chieftain


                              257 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Northern District Times (Australia)

                           October 13, 2010 Wednesday
                             1 - Main Book Edition

Church gets grant for projects

BYLINE: SCOTT HOWLETT

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 322  words


WEST Epping Uniting Church received $23,780 for water and energy upgrades under
the first round of grants from the NSW Government climate change fund.

Today, Legislative Council member Lynda Voltz encouraged not-for-profit
community groups to apply for a share of the $5.4 million in a second round of
grants.

Applications are open until Monday, October 25.

Groups planning simple measures to care for the environment can apply for up to
$40,000.

Examples of eligible projects include: installing rainwater tanks; switching
from electric to solar hot water; and installing water-efficient fixtures and
fittings, Ms Voltz, who is the Deputy Government Whip in the Legislative
Council, said.

``I would encourage all not-for-profit organisations to apply for this funding
to make the buildings they use more environmentally friendly and save on water
and energy bills,'' Ms Voltz said.

``This funding also helps communities to show the many people who use their
facilities how they can also take action to save water and energy.''

A guide for applicants and more information is available from the Department of
Environment, Climate Change and Water website (environment.nsw.gov.au/grants/
ccfpfp.htm) or by phoning the Environment Line on 1300 361 967.

* The NSW Government's $700 million Climate Change Fund was established in July
2007 to help business, households, schools, communities and government save
water, energy and greenhouse gas emissions.

Current programs include:

* $170 million NSW Home Saver Rebates, providing rebates for hot water systems,
hot water circulators, rainwater tanks, dual flush toilets and washing machines;

* $30 million Public Facilities program;

* $20 million School Energy Efficiency program;

* 20 million Rainwater Tanks in Schools program; and

* $150 million program under the Energy Efficiency Strategy, which requires
electricity retailers to save energy by improving energy efficiency in
households and businesses.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NDG


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              258 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The West Australian (Perth)

                           January 31, 2009 Saturday
                                 First Edition

WA leads nation in solar hot water

BYLINE: GIOVANNI TORRE

SECTION: MAI; Pg. 60

LENGTH: 426  words


WA leads the nation in using solar hot water systems but Perth households are
now less likely to use solar energy than they were 17 years ago.

Figures released by the Australian Bureau of Statistics on Thursday  showed  7
per cent of Australian households use solar energy for hot water, a significant
increase on just  4 per cent reported in 2005 but a long way behind WA's 21.5
per cent or 180,000 households.

More than 31 per cent of households in regional WA and 18.5 per cent in Perth
are using solar hot water.

Ray Wills, chief executive of the WA Sustainable Energy Association, said using
sunshine to generate hot water in WA made a lot of sense and reduced greenhouse
gas emissions.

The proportion of homes with solar hot water installed dropped significantly in
the 1990s and early this decade, falling from 24 per cent in Perth in 1992 to 14
per cent in 2002-2005.

While the new figures show a significant improvement in trends, Dr Wills said it
was disappointing the proportion of Perth householders using solar hot water was
still 5.5 per cent lower than the peak 17 years ago.

"It reflects the absence of support for the industry under the previous
governments," he said. Dr Wills said changes to housing standards requiring
energy efficient water heating systems last year encouraged growth but more
needed to be done.

"If we are going to diversify the economy and support new industries we need to
support jobs in manufacturing sustainable energy projects," he said. "A solar
hot water heater in its lifetime generates about a megawatt. If we trebled the
number of them in WA we could shut down a coal-fired power station. The Barnett
Government made significant election commitments that can build more sustainable
energy generation in the State."

A spokeswoman for Energy Minister Peter Collier said the Government offered
rebates to householders who installed gas-boosted solar water heaters, with $500
for natural gas-boosted heaters and $700 for bottled LPG-boosted heaters used in
areas without reticulated gas. Householders replacing an electric hot water
system or building a new home might also be eligible for renewable energy
certificates of up to $900 under the Federal Government's Mandatory Renewable
Energy Target.

The spokeswoman said the State Government had expanded the solar schools program
and introduced a community environmental grants program.

Dr Wills said workers who had lost mining jobs could find employment in the
renewable energy industry. Many businesses had a big number of positions
unfilled from last year.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 West Australian NewsPapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              259 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Irish Daily Mail

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Fresh bid to unmuddy the waters

BYLINE: Senan Molony

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 550 words


A SECOND call centre is to be set up to deal with water-related queries from the
public, the Irish Daily Mail can reveal.

The Department of Social Protection is to hire an outside operator to deal with
phone queries connected with the administration of the Water Conservation Grant,
a spokesman for Tánaiste Joan Burton has confirmed.

The second centre follows the establishment of a 750-staff phone centre in Cork
to deal with calls prompted by the issuing of Irish Water bills this month. It
is being operated by Abtran Ltd on the utility's behalf.

Yesterday it was acknowledged that another call centre would have to be set up
separately by the Department of Social Protection, which will administer the new
(EURO)100 grant given to all households on behalf of the Department of the
Environment.

Ms Burton's spokesman told the Mail: 'We are assessing the structure and
resource requirements need to administer the grant, which includes a call centre
and special phone line.' The likely cost is not yet known.

He said it was hoped that the majority of customers could register online and
provide their banking details securely to allow for computerised payments later
this year. But there would be others who would need the assistance of an agent,
he acknowledged - and the Department would have to provide the support itself in
order to maintain separation from Irish Water. Some 80 per cent of people
registered and paid online in relation to Local Property Tax when it first came
in, but Irish Water communications manager Elizabeth Arnett acknowledged this
week that the utility had been surprised when 70 per cent of people chose to
make a paper submission rather than venture into cyberspace. The Department of
Social Protection will be looking to advertising in coming months to encourage
as many people are possible to provide their details online in order to minimise
manual processing.

But it now realises that tens of thousands, if not hundreds of thousands, may be
tempted to place a call to the Department or its agents rather than uploading
personal data to the internet.

The grant will be paid to householders registered with Irish Water every year in
respect of their primary dwellings, with the first payment to be paid in
September 2015 and each subsequent year up to and including 2018.

The Department says it is important that all households first register with
Irish Water and provide them with all the relevant details during their customer
application campaign. 'You need to register even if you have your own source of
water supply and septic tank,' a spokesman said.

'Separately, households will then be required by the Department of Social
Protection to provide certain information, including a PPS number, as part of
this process.

'The Department is currently putting systems in place to administer this scheme
and full details will be announced when they are finalised.' Meanwhile the We
Won't Pay campaign will launch 'a counter-offensive' against Irish Water
'propaganda' today outside the company's headquarters in Dublin. Socialist Party
TDs Ruth Coppinger and Joe Higgins TD and Anti Austerity Alliance Deputy Paul
Murphy will be calling for nationwide street meetings in every area 'to build
networks in each community to organise non-payment'.

'You need to register details'

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DML


          Copyright 2015 Irish Daily Mail - Associated Newspapers Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              260 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            August 4, 2011 Thursday

LET WATER REBATES HELP MORE PEOPLE

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; YOUR LETTERS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 760 words


Did all the funds and rebates from the Withlacoochee Regional Water Supply
Authority serve every resident in Hernando County? No, it only services the
customers of the Hernando County Utilities. Can we achieve the same objectives
with less funds? Yes. However, some will dispute this based on their point of
view and creative accounting.

My objective is not to discontinue our water conservation program. This program
is vital to maintain our reuse of water and keep our water consumption at a
minimum. I support the conservation objectives and benefit from them.

Looking at the authority's 20 tasks, four tasks consume 57 percent of the
authority budget ($96,300) or $54,800 for county utility water customers only.
The remainder of the funds benefit all the citizen of county with programs such
as Florida Friendly Landscaping ($3,500), promotional and media items on water
conservation ($26,000) and schools/organizations educational grants for
($12,000) for a total of $41,500.

Now what benefits does a county utility customer receive from this $54,800?
There are rebates on their water bill for the replacement of old style toilets
with water conserving toilets ($100 for one, $200 for two), installation of rain
sensors on lawn sprinkler systems ($50), attending rain barrel workshops
(typically $25), Florida Friendly Landscaping Yard Certification (typically
$25), registration for attending a Florida Friendly Landscaping Workshop
(typically $10) and regional irrigation evaluation program audits (approximately
$390 per audit, according to fiscal year 2010 data).

In the best case scenario: 220 customers could receive a water conserving
toilets rebate, 140 customer could receive installation of rain sensors on lawn
sprinkler systems rebate, 40 customers could attend rain barrel workshops, 20
customers could obtain Florida Friendly Landscaping Yard Certification and
registration for attending a Florida Friendly Landscaping Workshop, and 16
customers could participate in Florida Yards and Neighborhoods program. In
addition, 64 audits or more could be performed from the irrigation evaluation
program.

More than 500 households (0.88 percent) out of 56,732 county utility customers
have received the benefit of these rebates, or about 0.7 percent of the total
county population. The $54,800 in rebates has another dynamic to it, the county
utilities gets a 50 percent rebate of the program or $27,400 in return to the
utility enterprise fund, since it cannot go back into the general fund at this
time. If this correct, the enterprise fund expends $78,759 (membership and
matching funds) and receives $47,400 from the authority in a grant and gets back
$27,400 on the rebates.

What if the county would take its regional membership fee of $31,359, add
$10,141 to support the Florida Friendly Landscaping programs, promotional and
media items on water conservation and schools/organizations grants that will
serve 100 percent of county, then take the authority's matching funds apply and
this to a countywide program?

Maybe the other 10,700 households on wells in the county would like to benefit
from the rebates that 500 households get and participate in the water
conservation that will serve them also. They have a stake in this as well, they
depend on the groundwater table remaining stable, and that there is adequate
recharge, and they too would like to have the benefit of recycled water to water
their fields and yards.

Now this is what I call creative accounting. It is my personal opinion that
County Commissioners Jim Adkins, David Russell and John Druzbick could do
better.

Don Cox, Spring Hill

* * *

YOUR VOICE COUNTS

We welcome letters from readers for publication. To send a letter from your
computer, go to www.tampabay.com/letters and fill in the required information.
Type your letter in the space provided on the form, specify that you are writing
the Hernando section of the newspaper, and then click "submit." You also may cut
and paste a letter that you have prepared elsewhere in your computer.

If you prefer, you may fax your letter to (352) 754-6133, or mail it to: Letters
to the Editor, Hernando Times, 15365 Cortez Blvd., Brooksville, FL 34613.

All letters should be brief and must include the writer's name, city of
residence, mailing address and telephone number. When possible, letters should
include a handwritten signature. Addresses and telephone numbers will not be
printed. The Times does not publish anonymous letters.

Letters may be edited for clarity, taste, length and accuracy. We regret that
not all letters can be printed.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2011 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              261 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                           February 21, 2008 Thursday
                                  Locl Edition

Osceola moves closer to water/sewer service

BYLINE: LARRY FORD, Tribune Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 528 words


The second major hurdle has been cleared for Osceola to pursue the installation
of water or sewer service to additional homes.

Robert Murphy, who serves as the town's engineering consultant, announced at
Monday night's Town Council meeting that an income survey of town residents
shows the town does qualify to apply for $500,000 in federal grants to help pay
for the utility improvements.

That survey found that 66.2 percent of the households fall in the low- to
moderate-income categories.

In rough numbers, Murphy said, a majority of the town's households had to have
income of no more than $21,000 for one person, $33,000 for two and $38,000 for a
family of four.

Towns with income averages above those levels would be considered too rich to
qualify to receive certain federal grants.

But the town doesn't have the money yet. Murphy, of R.P. Murphy & Associates of
Larwill, Ind., cautioned that of 80 proposals accepted during each application
period, only about 30 will receive funding.

He said those governments that have enough money to make a 50-50 match of the
grant they're seeking have a better chance of obtaining it.

The town is in a good position in that respect, too. Two years ago, it received
$220,000 from the state as its share of money from the lease of the Indiana Toll
Road.

Clerk-Treasurer Robert Mark said Monday night that the total has grown to more
than $240,000 through interest earned on investing the money. The town should
easily be able to meet the 50-50 match with $250,000 in its hands by the time
grants are announced this fall.

The council met in executive session after Monday's regular meeting to discuss
whether Murphy should get the job of writing the grant application.

Town officials have been wanting to bring public water and/or sewer service to
residents for more than 50 years but were hampered by a lack of money in recent
years.

They have yet to decide whether they want to install water or sewer lines or a
combination of both, and to how many homes. That decision will hinge on the
cost.

The town will depend on the city of Mishawaka to build the lines. Mishawaka
currently supplies water and sewer service to the subdivisions of Shepherd's
Cove and Newbury Pointe.

Much of the public discussion about where to extend the lines has centered on an
area called Eagle Point, bordered by the St. Joseph River and Vistula Road, east
of the two subdivisions that already have sewer and water, but no decision has
been made.

In other business:

* The town may have a bumper crop of potholes this year.

"We have a tremendous amount," said Larry Burris, street commissioner, who said
he thought the problem was worse this year than in most previous years.

"In the past, we've gotten warm weather and we've been able to get out and do
some patching," said Burris, explaining that the town doesn't have a way to heat
asphalt for patching, so it needs temperatures of at least 50 degrees to make
the asphalt work.

The town's major street, the east-west Indiana 933, is still under state
jurisdiction, and its many potholes will be patched by state highway crews, but
Burris said the town has enough of its own potholes to take care of.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              262 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Latin America - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            October 18, 2009 Sunday

International bank and Spain to help improve water, sanitation in Haiti

LENGTH: 439 words


Text of report by Caribbean Media Corporation news agency website

WASHINGTON DC, CMC - Haiti, a country known for its poor sanitation and squalid
living conditions, will receive a financial boost to improve to help improve
lives of 150,000 people in that Caribbean Community (CARICOM) nation, it was
announced here Friday.

The funding will be provided by the Inter-American Development Bank (IDB) and
the Government of Spain and will come in the form of grants and loans totalling
US39m dollars in the first instance.

This is the first project jointly funded by the IDB and Spanish Cooperation Fund
for Water and Sanitation in Latin America and the Caribbean (the Spanish Fund),
which was created last year at the initiative of Spanish Prime Minister
Jos&eacute; Luis Rodr&iacute;guez Zapatero.

"This partnership is a historic gesture of solidarity by the people of Spain
towards our region," said IDB President Luis Alberto Moreno.

An IDB statement said the partnership with Spain will take advantage of the
Washington-based bank's extensive portfolio of water and sanitation projects, as
well as its network of sector specialists in country offices throughout the
region, to rapidly and efficiently execute projects identified as priorities by
Latin American and Caribbean governments.

Haiti's water and sanitation services are among the most deficient in the
Hemisphere. The country has no sewer networks and, according to the 2003 census,
only 8.5 per cent of its households are connected to a drinking water
distribution system.

"To tackle this situation, 14.2m dollars will help expand the drinking water
coverage. This component will increase access to potable water for a population
of about 150,000 and will finance the expansion and rehabilitation of Jacmel's
distribution system; the construction of water networks in peri-urban areas in
Port de Paix and St Marc; rehabilitation and extension of the network in
Cap-Haitien; and the installation of additional public stand pipes," the IDB
said.

It added that another 17m dollars of the total 39m dollars in grants will be
used to help finance individual and collective sanitary systems installation,
develop waste collection, transportation and disposal systems, facilitate
maintenance of storm drainage systems, and support public hygiene programmes.

"These generous grants will enable us to leverage IDB funds and finance much
more ambitious projects that will improve the health and quality of life of
millions of people in some of the Hemisphere's poorest communities," said
Moreno.

Source: Caribbean Media Corporation news agency website, Bridgetown, in English
1810 gmt 16 Oct 09

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2009 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              263 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             March 11, 2011 Friday

Pakistan: Japan grants $103,713 for Muzaffarabad uplift

LENGTH: 263  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, March 11 -- The government of Japan has provided grant assistance of
US $103,713 to the ASTAFADA, a non-governmental organisation, for the
improvement of water supply and sanitation system in Muzaffarabad, Azad Kashmir.

The agreement for the project was signed on Wednesday, at the Japanese
ambassador's residence in Islamabad, between Ambassador of Japan to Pakistan,
Chihiro Atsumi, and ASTAFADA President, Mutiur Rehman.

The grant will be utilised for laying down pipelines and constructing four water
tanks with ten distribution points to supply safe drinking water to the project
area that was badly affected in the 2005 earthquake. The project will also
provide sanitation facilities for schools and other public places to improve the
hygiene conditions. Awareness raising activities will also be conducted to
enhance the impact of sanitation. Through this project, 380 households (around
2,400 individuals) will be supplied water on their doorsteps, while around 3,200
additional people from the surrounding villages will get water from different
distribution points. The inhabitants of this city have faced difficulty
accessing clean drinking water. This project will mainly benefit women and young
girls of the locality, who have had to travel a long distance to fetch water in
order to fullfil everyday household needs, and will relieve them from this burde
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              264 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                            March 10, 2011 Thursday

Japan grants $103,713 for Muzaffarabad uplift

LENGTH: 262  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, March 10 -- The government of Japan has provided grant assistance of
US $103,713 to the ASTAFADA, a non-governmental organisation, for the
improvement of water supply and sanitation system in Muzaffarabad, Azad Kashmir.

The agreement for the project was signed on Wednesday, at the Japanese
ambassador?s residence in Islamabad, between Ambassador of Japan to Pakistan,
Chihiro Atsumi, and ASTAFADA President, Mutiur Rehman.

The grant will be utilised for laying down pipelines and constructing four water
tanks with ten distribution points to supply safe drinking water to the project
area that was badly affected in the 2005 earthquake. The project will also
provide sanitation facilities for schools and other public places to improve the
hygiene conditions. Awareness raising activities will also be conducted to
enhance the impact of sanitation. Through this project, 380 households (around
2,400 individuals) will be supplied water on their doorsteps, while around 3,200
additional people from the surrounding villages will get water from different
distribution points. The inhabitants of this city have faced difficulty
accessing clean drinking water. This project will mainly benefit women and young
girls of the locality, who have had to travel a long distance to fetch water in
order to fullfil everyday household needs, and will relieve them from this
burden. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              265 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Daily The Post

                            March 10, 2011 Thursday

Japan grants $103,713 for Muzaffarabad uplift

LENGTH: 226  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


The government of Japan has provided grant assistance of US $103,713 to the
ASTAFADA, a non-governmental organisation, for the improvement of water supply
and sanitation system in Muzaffarabad, Azad Kashmir.  The agreement for the
project was signed on Wednesday, at the Japanese ambassador's residence in
Islamabad, between Ambassador of Japan to Pakistan, Chihiro Atsumi, and ASTAFADA
President, Mutiur Rehman.  The grant will be utilised for laying down pipelines
and constructing four water tanks with ten distribution points to supply safe
drinking water to the project area that was badly affected in the 2005
earthquake. The project will also provide sanitation facilities for schools and
other public places to improve the hygiene conditions. Awareness raising
activities will also be conducted to enhance the impact of sanitation. Through
this project, 380 households (around 2,400 individuals) will be supplied water
on their doorsteps, while around 3,200 additional people from the surrounding
villages will get water from different distribution points. The inhabitants of
this city have faced difficulty accessing clean drinking water. This project
will mainly benefit women and young girls of the locality, who have had to
travel a long distance to fetch water in order to fullfil everyday household
needs, and will relieve them from this burden.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              266 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Penrith Press (Friday) (Australia)

                             April 11, 2008 Friday
                                  1 - Edition

Let's go for green: MP

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 337  words


PENRITH State Labor MP Karyn Paluzzano wants Penrith to be declared Sydney's
``greenest suburb''.

When it comes to applying for rainwater tank rebates, Penrith is third in
Sydney.

Ms Paluzzano said residents were doing their bit to help the environment.

``Households across Penrith are improving their energy efficiency and easing the
squeeze on the household budget with the help of the Iemma Government,'' Ms
Paluzzano said.

``Local families can access grants from the Iemma Government to improve
insulation and install rainwater tanks and environmentally-friendly hot water
systems.

``And it's great to see local families accessing these green grants to reduce
their water and energy consumption to have a positive impact on the
environment.''

In the nine months since the program began 327 families in the Penrith Council
area have received rebates for installing rainwater tanks putting the area at
number three in Sydney.

Ms Paluzzano said she was keen for Penrith to be number one and be declared
Sydney's greenest suburb. ``Securing our water supply is a priority for the
Iemma Government and I'm pleased that local residents are doing their part by
taking advantage of the rebate and installing rainwater tanks,'' Ms Paluzzano
said.

``Improved insulation is also well worth the investment in saving on energy
costs alone, making your home up to 10 degrees warmer in winter and seven
degrees cooler in summer.

``Insulation rebates provide half the cost of installing ceiling installation to
a maximum of $300.

``I encourage all families to take advantage of the rebates offered under the
Iemma Government's $340 million Climate Change Fund.''

The Climate Change fund was set up in 2007 and provides support for families,
schools, businesses and government water and energy saving projects.

As well as grants for insulation, families can also access $1500 for rainwater
tank rebates and up to $1200 to switch from electric hot water systems.

Application forms are available at www.environment.nsw.gov.au or by calling 1300
361 967.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FPP


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              267 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                             August 21, 2015 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Noonan accused of 'over-ruling' minister on (EURO)100 Irish Water grant

BYLINE: Niall O'Connor

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 702 words


THE Labour Party has rounded on Finance Minister Michael Noonan after it emerged
that he blocked a proposal to link the (EURO)100 Water Conservation Grant to the
payment of Irish Water bills.

The Irish Independent understands that Mr Noonan "overruled" Environment
Minister Alan Kelly's plans to limit the provision of the (EURO)100 grant to
households who settle their bills, as well as homes with private wells, septic
tanks and those on group water schemes.

Mr Kelly tabled the proposal during a meeting of the Government's Economic
Management Council (EMC) last November. However, Mr Noonan and Department of
Finance officials argued that such a move could be in breach of State rules.

It is understood that the concern at the time centred around the looming
Eurostat Market Corporation Test, which the Government subsequently failed
anyway.

The grant instead was designed on the principle of "universality" and it is
therefore due to be paid to any household that registered with Irish Water by
June 30 - regardless of whether they have paid their bills.

A view has hardened within Fine Gael in recent weeks that the payment of the
grant to customers who refuse to pay their bills is deeply unjust.

But Labour has reacted angrily to alleged Fine Gael "leaks" that changes to the
system are on the cards. In a statement yesterday, Mr Kelly said there were no
proposals to bring such changes to Cabinet.

The news has come as an embarrassment for Fine Gael after party figures had
demanded that the grant be linked to the payment of bills - just months after
the proposal had been shot down by their most senior Cabinet minister and his
officials. A senior Labour source accused Fine Gael of causing "confusion" for
the public and said that Enda Kenny's party was to blame for the latest Irish
Water controversy.

"The fact is Alan Kelly pushed for this measure prior to the unveiling of the
grant, but he was overruled by Noonan. So Fine Gael would want to look towards
Noonan for an explanation," the source said.

It is now expected that Taoiseach Enda Kenny and Tánaiste Joan Burton will
intervene to defuse the latest set of tensions between the coalition partners
over Irish Water.

While figures within both parties last night said linking the grant to bill
payment could not be ruled out in the future, it is a proposal that would
involve a significant body of work.

Among the difficulties is the fact that thousands of households do not have to
pay water bills directly to Irish Water because they have private wells, septic
tanks or are on group water schemes.

Therefore, any attempt to limit payment of the (EURO)100 grant could impact
negatively on this cohort, most of whom are rural-based.

But the latest controversy surrounding Irish Water has sparked a furious
response within the Labour Party.

One minister said Mr Noonan has "egg on his face" now that his own party is
pushing for changes that he and his officials over-ruled several months ago.

"Here we are once again - another water fiasco that is not of our doing," the
source said.

Mr Noonan was unavailable for comment yesterday.

Longford/Westmeath TD Willie Penrose accused Fine Gael of trying to "make up
policy on the hoof". "The fact is there was an attempt many months ago to
implement this policy objective and it wasn't a Labour minister who blocked it.
Fine Gael should realise it has an obligation to act cohesively with the Labour
Party, rather than simply causing confusion," he told the Irish Independent.

Labour Chief Whip Emmet Stagg has said he believes "games are being played by
spin doctors" which he said are "unhelpful".

Galway senator Lorraine Higgins accused Fine Gael of "opportunistic behaviour",
adding: "They can't have jam on both sides of their bread."

Her Seanad colleague John Gilroy said Fine Gael was "playing into the grips of
silly season" and should "desist from adding to the uncertainty" surrounding the
public utility.

But Fianna Fáil Environment spokesperson Barry Cowen described the latest
controversy as a "total farce".

"Sure it's a joke and a laugh and it just has to be brought to a conclusion," he
said.

Sinn Féin TD for Dublin North West Dessie Ellis said the Government is "at sixes
and sevens" over the grant scheme.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              268 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Gold Coast Sun (Australia)

                           November 1, 2006 Wednesday
                              GC Sun South Edition

Project meters;
liquid assets

BYLINE: By STEPHANIE BEDO

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 327  words


CUTTING-edge water saving technology will be put to the test in a new three-year
project designed to reduce Australia's household water consumption by 20 per
cent.

Griffith University project leader Rodney Stewart said the public demanded
'bullet-proof' solutions to the water crisis.

''Until now there has been little hard, specific data available on the effect of
different water-saving technologies on household

consumption,'' he said.

''Government rebates on items such as tanks and whitegoods are vital to
encourage consumers to buy water-saving

technology and this study will enable governments to prioritise which technology
to subsidise.''

The project will select 100 homes with average to high water use in southeast
Queensland.

This region is Australia's fastest-growing metropolitan area and one under
massive pressure to meet escalating domestic water demand.

The Griffith research team will work with Wide Bay Water and Gold Coast City
Council technical staff to fit the homes with the latest water-saving technology
and an advanced meter and data-logger system to test where, when and how the
greatest savings are achieved.

They will collect and analyse data from before and after the installation of
water-saving devices and present their

findings to local and state government water authorities nationwide. This will
also allow water authorities to tackle the massive water loss that occurs in the
supply system before the water even reaches homes.

''Up to 10 per cent of Australia's drinking water is lost through pressure leaks
in the system before it even reaches us,'' said

Dr Stewart.

''Our study will give water authorities precise data on where and how the
greatest water losses are occurring.

''Stemming this loss could be as simple as adjusting water pressure, so
implementing a pressure leakage management system will form part of the
project.''

The study will be funded by a $240,000 grant from the Australian Research
Council and will begin next year.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GCS


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              269 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   Irish News

                          September 12, 2007 Wednesday

Business - Belfast firm's high hopes for solar-powered heater

BYLINE: Gary McDonald, Business Editor

SECTION: Pg. 38

LENGTH: 444 words


A 120-year-old Belfast company has invented a solar version of the immersion
heater which it says can be fitted simply and affordably to every house in
Northern Ireland.

The family-run business - which now owns the global patent for the innovative
device - says it is planning for its output to quadruple in the next three years
as more people choose to go green.

Willis Heating & Plumbing, established in 1887, is most famous for the invention
of the immersion heater, which became an essential feature of virtually every
household in the north in the 1960s and 1970s.

But now it has come up with the ingenious SolaSyphon, a type of "plug-in solar
system" which can be installed to existing homes without the need to rip out
existing oil or natural gas systems.

It is supported by a 2m by 2m solar panel on the roof, and with just a few
minutes sunlight a day it can heat water for a house virtually round the clock.

With grants of up to £1,125 available in Northern Ireland towards installing a
household solar thermal heating system, Willis says the bottom line conversion
cost to a homeowner would be less than £3,000.

That outlay, it says, would be recouped in around five years and with the
lifespan of the system being 25 years, it means two decades of free hot water.

The Willis system has been verified by the University of Ulster and is supported
by Invest Northern Ireland and the Carbon Trust.

The company's managing director and fourth generation family member John Willis
says the firm - which employs just 20 staff - expects to turn out around 1,000
SolaSyphon units in the next year, rising to approximately 6,000 within three
years.

"But in a worldwide context the potential for our company is unlimited and the
potential is staggering," he says.

"As oil prices continue to rise and the global drive to reduce Co2 emissions
gathers pace, solar water heating has become the fastest growing sector of the
market.

"The SolaSyphon represents a major change in the way solar thermal panels
produce hot water and can reduce home water heating bills by up to 50 per cent
and installation costs by up to 30 per cent."

Mr Willis estimate that between 2,000 and 3,000 solar panel systems will be
installed in Northern Ireland alone this year and, when added to figures for
Britain, Ireland, Europe and beyond, it represents a major opportunity for the
company, which is establishing a network of agents around the world.

Meanwhile, the McKenna family in Kircubbin yesterday became the 1,000th customer
for the government's renewable energy grant initiative Reconnect, which offers
grants of up to 50 per cent to private homeowners seeking to install renewable
energy systems.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The Irish News Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              270 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                          September 6, 2006 Wednesday
                                 SECOND EDITION

Metro digest

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 1223 words


ILLINOIS

Grants will pay heating for needy households

The state is enrolling participants in the Low Income Home Energy Assistance
Program.

The program allows at-risk households and those currently without home heating
because of service disconnections to apply for one-time grants. These grants are
to help with winter heating needs and bills, which are expected to be higher
this season.

All grants will be paid to the appropriate utility company directly on behalf of
elderly people, the disabled, households with children and those currently
without home heating during the priority period.

To apply or for more information, call 1-877-411-WARM, or visit
www.liheapillinois.com.

Madison Co.

Federal grants to help anti-drug campaigns

Two new federal grants are expected to bolster anti-drug efforts in Madison
County.

The grants were awarded through the Office of National Drug Control Policy's
Drug-Free Communities Program.

The Tri-Cities Drug-Free Communities Coalition is to receive a $100,000 grant.
It is the first for the organization, which serves Granite City, Madison and
Venice.

The Alton School District, lead agency for the Alton Youth Development Strategy
Partnership, was awarded a $99,821 grant, a continuation of a grant awarded last
year.

Madison Co.

Edwardsville hires new city engineer

EDWARDSVILLE - The City Council on Tuesday approved Mayor Gary Niebur's
appointment of Cynthia Watters as city engineer.

Watters is a graduate of Edwardsville High School and the engineering school at
Southern Illinois University Edwardsville. She has worked for the Illinois
Department of Transportation for 10 years and is a project engineer at the
department's District 8 office in Collinsville.

Watters will begin her new job on Sept. 25. She will replace Sue Mueller, who
resigned as city engineer effective May 1.

Edwardsville lifts call for water conservation

EDWARDSVILLE - The city has lifted a call for voluntary water conservation that
affected water users in Edwardsville, Glen Carbon, the Northeast Central Public
Water District and Southern Illinois University Edwardsville.

Officials issued the call on Aug. 7, citing hot weather, high demand levels and
the need to shut down the water plant periodically for cleaning and maintenance.

Water consumption dropped more than 1.5 million gallons per day during the
voluntary conservation period, they said.

Two senators want U.S. to aid laid-off workers

GODFREY - Illinois' two U.S. senators have asked U.S. Secretary of Labor Elaine
Chao to be prepared to move quickly to aid workers displaced when Owens-Illinois
Inc. closes its parts manufacturing plant in Godfrey.

Company officials said Friday they would close the plant by the end of the year.
The 48-year-old plant employs 261 workers.

Sens. Dick Durbin and Barack Obama asked Chao to help workers move into new jobs
by providing job search assistance, career counseling and other help.

St. Clair Co.

Class to train residents to be poll watchers

Election officials will hold a training class for poll watchers to explain their
duties and responsibilities at 7 p.m. Tuesday in the County Board meeting room,
fifth floor of the courthouse, 10 Public Square in Belleville.

St. Clair County Clerk Bob Delaney and State's Attorney Robert Haida will
conduct the class. It is open to the public.

Elsewhere

State's new tax system will increase collections

SPRINGFIELD - The Illinois Department of Revenue will launch a tax modernization
project this fall as part of a five-year project that will return more than $250
million in increased tax collections to the state, the department says.

The new tax system will allow the department to better manage data that is now
on multiple tax systems or is available from outside sources.

Enhanced technology will replace separate computer systems, some of which are 30
years old, the department said. FAST Enterprises has been selected for the $45
million project.

St. Louis

School district ordered not to initiate prayers

A federal judge has ordered a southeast Missouri school district to end
school-initiated or sponsored prayer or other religious activities.

In his injunction last week, U.S. District Judge Henry Autrey also ordered the
Doniphan R-I School District to abide by its policy recognizing separation of
church and state and forbidding the espousal of religious faith.

Autrey wrote that his ruling does not limit the right of "any student at his or
her own initiative from voluntarily praying in a nondisruptive, noncoercive
fashion during noninstructional time.

"Nor shall the foregoing limit the right of any individual employee of the
district to pray privately, so long as students are not included in or exposed
to the prayer, or in any way limit the activities of any employee outside the
scope of his or her employment with the district."

Autrey said the order was based on a negotiated settlement. The ruling came in
response to a lawsuit the American Civil Liberties Union of Eastern Missouri
filed in July on behalf of a woman and her two children who attend Doniphan
Elementary School.

St. Louis Co.

School water fountains off as health precaution

JENNINGS - Drinking fountains at a temporary middle school in the Jennings
School District will remain off as a precaution against lead contamination, a
district official said Tuesday.

About 420 students in kindergarten through fourth grade are attending class at
the old Corpus Christi School, 2100 Switzer Avenue, while damage from July's
storms is repaired at Northview Middle School, at 8920 Cozens Avenue.

Corpus Christi was a St. Louis archdiocesan school that closed about two years
ago because of declining enrollment. Ted Vytlacil, facilities manager with the
Jennings School District, said water at that school was tested on Aug. 21 for
the presence of E. coli bacteria and heavy metals, before classes began on Aug.
23.

He said the E. coli test immediately came back negative, but the tests for heavy
metals took slightly longer and were not completed until Thursday. Those tests
showed lead levels slightly above the acceptable limit of two parts per billion,
so all water to the building was turned off for a day while children used
bottled water and hand-sanitizing lotions.

Vytlacil said later tests at the drinking fountains showed lead was within
acceptable limits, and water to the bathroom faucets was restored.

Elsewhere

Lake residents lament crowds in their cove

SUNRISE BEACH - Until a few years ago, residents say, the cove near the 18-mile
marker on the Shawnee Bend side of the main channel of the Lake of the Ozarks
was a pretty quiet place, where families could enjoy the water.

Today, boats can be heard roaring around, and the water is littered with beer
cans and other items people toss overboard.

Residents say hundreds of boats go in and out of the cove on weekends, and some
contend it's all about the name: Anderson Hollow Cove. They fear some boaters
are mistaking the cove for one with the same name at the 4-mile marker in
another part of the lake.

That place, commonly called "Party Cove," is on the Grand Glaize Arm in Lake of
the Ozarks State Park. It draws thousands of boats each weekend and is known for
its party atmosphere.

"This is becoming a real problem because this Anderson Hollow Cove is becoming a
minor Party Cove," said Thomas Sazama, a member of the Evergreen Condominium
property owners association.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              271 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                The Jordan Times

                            December 19, 2011 Monday

$275.1 million grant to combat poverty, enhance economic growth in Zarqa

LENGTH: 596  words


By Hana Namrouqa ZARQA - Zarqa residents are expected to receive enhanced water
and wastewater services by 2015 under a $275-million grant agreement to renovate
and extend networks in the city, which went into effect on Sunday. The grant,
which was extended to Jordan in October last year by the Millennium Challenge
Corporation (MCC), is managed and implemented by the Millennium Challenge
Account (MCA) - Jordan. "Today marks the start of projects that will put water
and wastewater problems in Zarqa behind us within four years.

Existing water and wastewater networks will be rehabilitated and new ones will
be extended," Minister of Water and Irrigation Mousa Jamani said yesterday. He
made the remarks during a ceremony to announce the entry into force of the
five-year agreement, which seeks to alleviate poverty and stimulate economic
growth in Zarqa Governorate. Under the agreement, three integrated projects will
be implemented. The first is a $108-million water network project, which will
restructure and rehabilitate water networks in Zarqa and Ruseifa, improve the
efficiency of water delivery and the condition of home water systems. Meanwhile,
the $58-million Wastewater Network Project aims at expanding and rehabilitating
the wastewater network to increase the amount of wastewater collected for
treatment, increase households' access to the network and reduce sewage
overflow, according to a statement issued by MCA-Jordan. Under the third
$93-million project, the Al Samra Wastewater Treatment Plant will be expanded to
increase its capacity and the amount of discharged wastewater, which will be
channelled to the Jordan Valley for irrigation, the statement said. "Over one
million people live in Zarqa, which lacks sufficient water resources and
adequate wastewater services. The shortage of water is hindering economic growth
in Zarqa; therefore, the grant was fully allocated to address its water
problems," Jamani highlighted. The three projects seek to alleviate poverty in
Zarqa by decreasing people's reliance on costly water tankers and supporting
small- and medium-sized entrepreneurs. Once they are implemented, the projects
will improve water services, expand wastewater collection and enhance the
state-of-the art wastewater treatment plant, US Ambassador to Amman Stuart Jones
said yesterday. "Zarqa is the industrial heart of Jordan and the people here
deserve a quality water service... this programme will create jobs and encourage
investments," he underscored. Underprivileged households in Zarqa will also be
assisted by improving plumbing, water storage and sewage connections in their
houses, while an awareness campaign on sound practices for sanitation and water
use will be carried out, according to MCA-Jordan CEO Kamal Zoubi. He said
MCA-Jordan has floated tenders for the water and wastewater networks projects
and received also offers from specialised companies. "The offers will be studied
starting this week. while the Ministry of Water and Irrigation will soon sign
the agreement for expanding Al Samra plant. Financial closure procedures are
expected to be finalised by January next year," Zoubi said at yesterday's event.
He added that the wastewater network project tender will be awarded to the
winning bidder in April next year, while the tender for the water network
project will be awarded by the end of July 2012. "Both projects will need three
years to be completed," Zoubi noted. MCA-Jordan was established in 2010 as a
company fully owned by the government of Jordan to manage and implement the
MCC-funded programme.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 62


                        Copyright 2011 The Jordan Times.
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              272 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            October 10, 2014 Friday

Environment Shared Responsibility (Medio Ambiente Responsabilidad Compartida)

LENGTH: 542  words


Area Of Work: Land Degradation


Operational Phase: Phase 5
Grant Amount: US$ 24,275.00


Project Description: The development of agricultural activity with a traditional
production system and the need for firewood and timber, has been advanced on
existing forests on the farms, as a result the following problems occur: larger
areas of eroded soils, deforestation, loss of soil fertility , decreasing the
amount of water available and even disappearance of surface water sources and
biodiversity and the marked increase in jobs carrying firewood and water are
assumed in basically rural women and children. In this context of environmental
issues the project raises the implementation of a system of reservoirs, pumping,
storage and distribution of household water for household use and irrigation,
the community of Bella Vista, directly involving initially 20 families.


Improving driving conditions of production systems is sought, especially in
family farms from training at the community level and demonstration farms.
Promoting friendly technologies in the environmental community and the San
Vicente. Improve conditions and facilities to improve the EFA Institution work
and act as a training center, training and promotion of environmental issues,
friendly technologies, appropriate and adaptable. Train farmers and local
students in environmentally sustainable production issues. Create environments
that empower women and do participate as full partners in efforts to preserve
land, water and natural resources. To assist women in carrying out its role as
stewards of local natural resources and identify strategies to help rural women
to obtain sustainable livelihoods. Improve women~s access to education,
extension services, training, financing and appropriate technologies.
Strengthen swap and promotion of environmental activities through the
integration of children and youth by involving them in the real problems of the
community (seedling production, planting trees in schools, water management,
recovery areas of community interest production, etc.), and future stakeholders.

Grantee: Asociación Civil Escuela de la Familia Agrícola SAN VICENTE DE PAUL


Organisation Mission : For GEF SGP, the community-based approach is the
cornerstone for addressing local and global environmental and sustainable
development challenges. SGP provides grants to civil society organizations
(CSOs), notably national and local non-governmental organizations (NGOs),
community-based organizations (CBOs), and indigenous peoples organizations. SGP
grantees may also include other not-for-profit organizations such as
professional associations, unions and other civil society groups.

By enabling a direct connection between sustainable livelihoods and the
generation of local and global livelihoods, SGP empowers communities to act and
participate in their own development and hence ensures community ownership and
impact. Over the course of the last 20 years, SGP has provided grants t
Project completion date : 2016-09-30 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : Av. J. Salguero 2424 - 1er piso
Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires, C1425DEV

Country :Argentina
Financier : Global Environment Facility Small Grants Programme (SGP),

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              273 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Offaly Express

                           January 2, 2013 Wednesday

Septic Tank Grant a very positive move'

LENGTH: 173  words


The decision by the Minister for the Environment, Phil Hogan, to introduce a
septic tank grant of up to [#x20ac]4,000 has been described as a very positive
move' by local Labour Senator John Whelan.

He said that the scheme should allay the fears of householders who are worried
about large costs they might incur if their systems fail an inspection.

Senator Whelan continued, "I also welcome the fact that the scheme will provide
a higher level of support for those on lower income. Those with a household
income of less than [#x20ac]50,000 may be eligible for a grant of up to
[#x20ac]4,000, while households with an income of over [#x20ac]50,000 may
quality for a grant of up to [#x20ac]2,500. There has been a lot of
scaremongering about penal costs which failure to pass the septic tank
inspection might inflict. This grant scheme is fair and reasonable and will be
welcomed by septic tank owners.

"There is a strict condition of eligibility for septic tank owners for grant aid
and the householder must register their system by the prescribed date of
February 1, 2013."

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IOFE


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              274 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            February 18, 2011 Friday

Japan grants Rs17 million for Hunza

SECTION: Vol. XXV No. 10

LENGTH: 256  words


The Government of Japan has decided to grant financial support of US$ 203,671
(approx Rs 17 million) to the Agha Khan Cultural Service Pakistan (AKCSP) for
the Environmental Sanitation and Water Supply Projects in Hunza,
Gilgit-Baltistan.

The agreements for the two projects were signed on Thursday at the Japanese
Ambassador's residence in Islamabad, between Chihiro Atsumi, the Ambassador of
Japan to Pakistan and Akbarali Pesnani, Chairman AKCSP.

The Environmental Sanitation Project (ESP) is meant for the Improvement of
Community-based Environmental Sanitation, in Altit, Hunza. Around 237 households
(1,820 individuals) including IDPs, who have migrated after Attaabad landslide
disaster, will be benefited from this project. Local labour would be trained and
employed during the execution of the project, which would help them to get new
jobs in future to support their families.

The Water Supply Project was aimed at the renovation of water supply scheme in
Karimabad, Hunza. The grant would be utilised for the renovation of pipelines
and water tanks, which were previously funded by Japan in 2004 and were damaged
due to landslides during preceding years.

It would ultimately help in preserving the existing facility, which is the
present 'only drinking water source'. This project would benefit 450 households
(around 3,600 individuals) in this area. At the signing ceremony, Ambassador
Atsumi stressed that improvement of water supply and sanitation was one of the
priority areas in Japan's assistance policy towards Pakistan.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2011 The Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              275 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Hills and Valley Messenger (Australia)

                            June 21, 2006 Wednesday

BYLINE: ISKHANDAR RAZAK

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 186  words


Parking controls

NEW parking controls on Willora Rd, Eden Hills, will be the subject of community
consultation. A traffic safety assessment has found parking along a 41m strip,
south of the existing no stopping zone, is dangerous because of poor sight
lines. Mitcham Council is proposing to install new no stopping signs extending
along this section of Willora Rd. Residents have until Friday, June 30, to
comment.

Rubbish halved

THE average household in the Mitcham Council area throws away half as much
rubbish as it did in 2002, according to a recent audit by Zero Waste SA. The
organisation found householders throw away 7.2 kg of waste, and recycled 5.9 kg
of household waste and 6.6 kg of green organics, a week. The audit also showed
28 per cent of waste contained cardboard, greenwaste, glass, steel and plastics
that could have been recycled.

Rainwater grant

BLACKWOOD Recreation Centre will receive a $33,502 grant to install a new
rainwater reuse system. The system will allow rainwater to be used in showers
and toilets. The money will come from the the federal government's Water Fund
Community Water Grants.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MHS


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              276 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            December 12, 2014 Friday

Kelly told to do his homework overnight;
Higgins questions Government figures on number of houses in the State

BYLINE: Marie O'Halloran

SECTION: IRELAND; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 570 words


Minister for the Environment Alan Kelly was last night warned to "do your
homework" before the DÃ¡il resumed today, on the costs of implementing the water
charges.

During a confused three hours long debate on whether there would be a net income
or deficit to the State to charge households on the public mains system for
water, the Government was accused of 'not knowing its sums'.

Independent TD Roisin Shortall said the Minister's overnight homework included
finding out how much it would cost the Department of Social Protection to
administer the EUR 100 conservation grant being awarded to every houshold.

And she wanted to know how many households would were included in the
Government's water charges revenue estimate of EUR 271 million.

The Minister insisted he had supplied all the information and insisted: "The
cost of collecting the revenue is less than the revenue collected."

Earlier he apologised to Independent TD Mattie McGrath who accused him of
expressing "a nasty expletive to me across the House". The Tipperary South TD
said he had not heard it himself but wanted the record checked.

Mr Kelly said he was not aware that he had made any such remark "but if I did I
withdraw it and apologise."

Independent TD Stephen Donnelly had called for the suspension of debate on the
Water Services Bill because he said it looked like it would cost the State to
charge for water.

Alan in Wonderland Independent TD Tommy Broughan said they were in "Alan in
Wonderland" territory and there was a "very fundamental deficit" of information
about the income and costs.

Socialist Party TD Joe Higgins said it was "Fine Gael and Labour in
Blunderland".

Mr Kelly said there were 1.3 million primary dwellings but Mr Donnelly said
there were 1.66 million unique households.

"At the moment we're searching for 700,000 houses," said Mr Higginsbecause Irish
Water had sent registration letters to two million households.

Mr Donnelly said income from water charges would be EUR 271 million, but the
costs of the EUR 100 conservation grant were EUR 160 million and he estimated
the charge for billing each household  would be EUR 60 each  every year and EUR
120 million in total.

'Best estimate' The Minister said said the grant would cost EUR 130 million
based on "the best estimate of the analysis by Government", billing would cost
EUR 22 million and EUR 41 million for the cost of metering. He insisted the
figure of 1.3 million households was very clear and the Opposition was not
taking in factors such as holiday homes and vacant houses.

Ms Shortall asked if it was the case that once Irish Water started charging for
water in January, Ireland's derogation from the EU water directive requiring the
collection of the full cost of water supply, would end.

Earlier Mr Kelly told TDs he would introduce an amendment to strengthen the
wording from "may" to "shall" to guarantee the holding of a plebiscite should a
future government and DÃ¡il decide to privatise Irish Water.

During Leaders' Questions there were sharp exchanges between Minister for Public
Expenditure and Reform Brendan Howlin and Sinn FÃ©in deputy leader Mary Lou
McDonald, when she said a general election was needed because the Government
would not abolish the  charges.

Mr Howlin said Sinn FÃ©in's policy on water charges was determined by the
byelection won by the Socialist Party, and until then the party was "minded" to
pay the water charges until the last byelection.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              277 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Gold Coast Sun (Australia)

                           November 1, 2006 Wednesday
                                Central Edition

Water saving tools tested

BYLINE: By STEPHANIE BEDO

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 336  words


CUTTING-edge water saving technology will be put to the test in a new three-year
project designed to reduce Australia's household water consumption by 20 per
cent.

Griffith University project leader Rodney Stewart said the public demanded
'bullet-proof' solutions to the water crisis.

''Until now there has been little hard, specific data available on the effect of
different water saving technologies on household consumption,'' he said.

''Government rebates on items such as tanks and whitegoods are vital to
encourage consumers to buy water-saving

technology and this study will enable governments to prioritise which technology
to subsidise.''

The project will select 100 homes with average to high water use in southeast
Queensland.

This region is pinpointed as Australia's fastest-growing metropolitan area and
one under massive pressure to meet escalating domestic water demand.

The Griffith research team will work with Wide Bay Water and Gold Coast City
Council technical staff to fit the homes with the latest water saving technology
and an advanced meter and data-logger system to test where, when, and how the
greatest water savings are achieved.

They will collect and analyse data from before and after the installation of
water saving devices and present their findings to local and state government
water authorities nationwide.

This will also allow water authorities to tackle the massive water loss that
occurs in the supply system before the water reaches homes.

''Up to 10 per cent of Australia's drinking water is lost through pressure leaks
in the system before it even reaches us,'' said

Dr Stewart.

''Our study will give water authorities precise data on where and how the
greatest water losses are occurring.

''Stemming this loss could be as simple as adjusting water pressure.''

The study will be funded by a $240,000 grant from the Australian Research
Council and will begin next year.

'Up to 10 per cent of Australia's drinking water is lost through pressure leaks
in the system before it even reaches us'

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GCS


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              278 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                                August 26, 2013

BUSINESS DAY TV: Survey shows social grant beneficiaries more than doubled.
Isabelle Schmidt

BYLINE: Transcripts service

SECTION: SOCIAL ISSUES

LENGTH: 769 words


BUSINESS DAY TV: Survey shows social grant beneficiaries more than doubled
Business Day TV looks at Stats SA's latest General Household Survey which shows
the percentage of individuals benefiting from social grants has more than
doubled since 2002 to 29.6% in 2012 Business Day TV . 23 August 2013 ISABELLE
Schmidt is social statistics executive manager at Statistics South Africa (Stats
SA). BUSINESS DAY TV: Stats SA has published its latest General Household Survey
and it shows the percentage of individuals that benefited from social grants has
more than doubled since 2002 to 29.6% in 2012, while the percentage of
households receiving at least one grant rose from 29.9% to 43.6%. For more on
those figures, Isabelle Schmidt, who is the social statistics executive manager
at Stats SA, is our guest this evening. That was one CEO (Grant Pattison from
Massmart) within the retail space really highlighting an economy in distress and
not very optimistic about the road ahead either. When it comes to living
conditions of South African households and the quality of service delivery what
exactly are we looking at - are we making positive strides in this regard?
ISABELLE SCHMIDT: I think the findings of the General Household Survey show that
there has been significant improvement in access to basic services.

In 2002 when this survey was first conducted provinces like Limpopo, Eastern
Cape, KwaZulu-Natal, had very high percentages of households who did not have
access to piped water, did not have proper sanitation facilities, etcetera, and
we've seen since then that the backlog has decreased significantly, especially
in the Eastern Cape where they really started off at the lowest access rate.
However, what we have seen since 2005 was a gradual decrease in the levels of
satisfaction with service delivery, as well as aspects such as interruptions of,
for example, water supply or electricity supply that have increased. More
households are being affected by that every year and we have decided as a result
of both the needs in the government as well as at municipal level that we would
like to extend the measurement of the quality of service delivery to a municipal
level. So far we've only measured quality of service delivery at provincial and
national level due to our sample... BDTV: Would you anticipate a very big
disconnect between the two? IS: I think so, I think the reason why it's
important to know what the quality of service delivery is at municipal level is
that we can begin to monitor municipalities that are not performing and that we
can begin to identify where the bottlenecks and the problem areas are, so that
the government can provide more targeted support to improve the quality of
service delivery. BDTV: For now overall, the aspects that you are looking at and
evaluating here are: education; health; social development; housing; household
access to services and facilities; food security and then agriculture. These six
major parameters really put the spotlight on the government, what it is and what
it isn't getting right. How are you rating that overall performance right now?
IS: I think the overall performance since 2002 is positive, although we are
seeing danger signs. For example, you spoke about social grants earlier. The
single intervention of social grants has had a significant impact on improving
the quality of life of the poorest of the poor in South Africa. When we saw the
economic slump in 2008, I believe the impact on the poor would have been much
greater if there wasn't a social grant system. BDTV: That doesn't paint too
optimistic a picture moving forward, given the fact that we're an economy that's
in distress, we're not boasting the growth levels that we need to, to first of
all cater to our twin deficits that we boast for example. So how sustainable is
this kind of system moving forward, where there's such a strong reliance on
social grants? IS: Yes, I think the concern about sustainability is shared
across the government. There are very interesting signs of the grants actually
having a multiplier effect in remote areas. For example, the extra disposable
cash in a community would then make a retail service viable and having a viable
retail service and perhaps a Cashbuild or a building supply firm starting up in
a remote area would then make it possible for small-scale builders to survive
and start small businesses. To look at it in isolation would be quite
short-sighted and we haven't quite fully measured to what extent it has started
to ignite economic growth at grass roots level in areas that are economically
very depressed.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              279 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            April 25, 2007 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Cash incentive plan to harness the sun

BYLINE: Jewel Topsfield, Canberra

SECTION: NEWS; Federal Politics; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 465 words


HOUSEHOLDS are likely to be given big cash incentives to install solar energy
systems in this year's budget.

The Coalition will introduce practical measures to fight climate change as the
election looms, and is expected to hugely increase its seven-year-old
Photovoltaic Rebate Program, which encourages people to generate electricity
from the sun.

Under the existing program, which expires in June, households can claim a rebate
of up to $4000 if they install solar electric systems on the roof.

The program is popular among MPs because it is seen as a tangible way to
demonstrate to their electorates that the Government is committed to helping
people become more environmentally friendly.

The ALP has pledged to extend the program by spending $50 million over the next
four years, aiming for solar panels being installed on 12,000 houses around the
country.

But the Government is unlikely to allow the ALP to score points. A source told
The Age the Government was expected to announce in the budget that it would
bankroll solar power initiatives worth far more than those promised by Labor.

The Prime Minister has flagged that the Government will deliver a green budget
next month, amid concern among backbenchers that it is not gettting through on
environment matters.

Several backbenchers have told the party room that big projects, such as the $10
billion water plan, do not resonate with many people. They have pointed out that
initatives such as community water grants, where schools and community groups
can apply for money for on-the-ground projects such as water tanks or using grey
water, are popular with voters.

The Government is also expected to outspend Labor on a clean energy fund.

Under its Clean Coal Initiative, Labor would put $500 million into development
of low or no-emission coal technology, and ask the coal industry to stump up $1
billion, creating a $1.5 billion fund by 2015.

It will also invest $25 million over four years to advance the CSIRO's research
into clean coal.

Victorian Liberal MP Greg Hunt last month told the renewable energy industry it
could "put money on" the Government extending the $500 million Low Emissions
Technology Demonstration Fund, which makes grants available for technologies
that enable significant commercial energy production with low emissions.

But the extra money could be announced after the report by the Prime Minister's
task group on emissions trading is released, rather than in the budget.

Last month the Government announced a $100 million grant under the demonstration
fund for a clean coal technology project in the Latrobe Valley.

The grant will go towards a $750 million plant for Victoria's HRL Ltd, which
will have 30 per cent lower carbon dioxide emissions and half the water
consumption of conventional brown coal power plants.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: At the moment, households can claim a rebate of up to $4000 if
they install solar electric systems on the roof. PICTURE: IMAGE SCIENCE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              280 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Herald Express (Torquay)

                           December 8, 2011 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Saving on fuel bills;
Caroline Pymm Citizen's Advice Bureau

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 76

LENGTH: 310 words


I'M LOOKING for ways to cut my gas and electricity bills before the winter sets
in, and I've heard there are Government grants available to make your home more
energy efficient. Do you have any details? AT THE moment, half of the UK's
carbon emissions come from the energy used to generate heat. As a result, a
switch to low carbon heating is vital to meet the UK's carbon targets.

A new Government scheme, which runs until March 31, has been set up to help
people install green energy heating systems. The scheme is particularly for
those households who don't have mains gas heating. You can get grants for the
following amounts, for the following products: ¦ A ground source or water source
heat pump - £1,250 (for homes without mains gas heating) ¦ A biomass boiler -
£950 (for homes without mains gas heating) ¦ An air source heat pump - £850 (for
homes without mains gas heating) ¦ Solar thermal hot water panels - £300
(available to all households).

The scheme for householders is mainly aimed at the 5.5 million households in
Great Britain not heated by mains gas. Rather than mains gas, these households
have to rely on expensive and higher carbon forms of heating such as heating oil
and electric fires to keep warm. To qualify, householders will need to ensure
they have basic energy efficiency measures in place before they apply.

Up to 25,000 new installations will be supported over the next year. The grants
will be given out on a first-come, first-served basis, and providers of social
housing can also apply. For more information, including how to register early,
visit www.directgov.uk or call the Energy Saving Trust on 0800 512 012.

For more advice on getting the best energy deal, or help if you're struggling to
pay gas and electricity bills, or for contact details of your nearest CAB, go to
the Citizens Advice website www.adviceguide.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HET


                         Copyright 2011 Herald Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              281 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Herald Express (Torquay)

                           December 1, 2011 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Saving on fuel bills;
Caroline Pymm Citizen's Advice Bureau

BYLINE: Caroline Pymm

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 48

LENGTH: 310 words


I'M LOOKING for ways to cut my gas and electricity bills before the winter sets
in, and I've heard there are Government grants available to make your home more
energy efficient. Do you have any details? AT THE moment, half of the UK's
carbon emissions come from the energy used to generate heat. As a result, a
switch to low carbon heating is vital to meet the UK's carbon targets.

A new Government scheme, which runs until March 31, has been set up to help
people install green energy heating systems. The scheme is particularly for
those households who don't have mains gas heating. You can get grants for the
following amounts, for the following products: ¦ A ground source or water source
heat pump - £1,250 (for homes without mains gas heating) ¦ A biomass boiler -
£950 (for homes without mains gas heating) ¦ An air source heat pump - £850 (for
homes without mains gas heating) ¦ Solar thermal hot water panels - £300
(available to all households).

The scheme for householders is mainly aimed at the 5.5 million households in
Great Britain not heated by mains gas. Rather than mains gas, these households
have to rely on expensive and higher carbon forms of heating such as heating oil
and electric fires to keep warm. To qualify, householders will need to ensure
they have basic energy efficiency measures in place before they apply.

Up to 25,000 new installations will be supported over the next year. The grants
will be given out on a first-come, first-served basis, and providers of social
housing can also apply. For more information, including how to register early,
visit www.directgov.uk or call the Energy Saving Trust on 0800 512 012.

For more advice on getting the best energy deal, or help if you're struggling to
pay gas and electricity bills, or for contact details of your nearest CAB, go to
the Citizens Advice website www.adviceguide.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HET


                         Copyright 2011 Herald Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              282 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Irish Daily Mail

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

June deadline set for Irish Water sign-ups;
Kelly says (EURO)100 grant will be lost if you register late

BYLINE: Jennifer Bray

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 580 words


ENVIRONMENT minister Alan Kelly has finally set a deadline of June 30 for
registration with Irish Water.

After this date, householders will not be eligible for the (EURO)100
conservation grant that the Department of Social Protection will start
administering from September.

Mr Kelly was speaking in the Dáil last night against the Technical Group's
Private Member's Bill on water charges.

Mr Kelly said: 'I can confirm this evening that the 30th of June 2015 will be
the deadline for registering with Irish Water in order to be eligible for
receipt of the Water Conservation Grant this year.

'If a household has not registered by this date, it will not be able to receive
this (EURO)100 grant from the Department of Social Protection from September
2015.

'The Department of Social Protection will be communicating separately with
households from July onwards in this regard; the final date of 30 June for 2015
payments has been chosen taking account of the fact that there will be some
changes in residency up to that point. More details will follow throughout the
month of April.'

Meanwhile, people who can afford to cover water bills can not be allowed to
refuse to pay, Brendan Howlin has said.

His comments come after the Anti Austerity Alliance group labelled as 'false
bluster' mooted plans to deduct unpaid Irish Water bills from wages of those who
do not pay. It emerged on Monday that one suggestion being considered is to use
attachment orders whereby employees who don't pay can have the bills taken out
of their wages.

Yesterday, Expenditure Minister Howlin said there could not be a situation
whereby some people decide not pay while others do. He said: 'If you come to a
supermarket check out and say, "No, not paying the bill" and walk off, that's
not the way the system works.'

But Anti Austerity Alliance member Ruth Coppinger said that she did not think it
was possible for the Government to deduct water charges from wages.

While Paul Murphy said that Alan Kelly is 'acting like a bull in a china shop'.
'It is not Revenue, they cannot deduct money, they would have to go through a
court but how many people can they bring to court - it will not be viable for
them,' he said. Ms Coppinger added that another protest is now being organised
for Saturday, April 18 in Dublin.

A spokesman for the Department of the Environment said that there was a need for
extra enforcement measures because unlike 'other utilities', water can not be
cut off. He said: 'An additional suite of enforcement measures concerning water
payments was committed to last www.November.No decision has yet been taken.'

Comment - Page 14

jennifer.bray@dailymail.ie

'8,500 HOMES WITH LEAD PIPES'

DRINKING water in as many as 10 per cent of homes in the Dún Laoghaire-Rathdown
area of Dublin may be contaminated by lead, a survey has shown.

The survey of pipes was conducted by water meter installers for Irish Water. It
has been estimated that around 8,500 homes may be affected.

A spokesman for Irish Water told the Irish Daily Mail that 'lead was the main
material used in connections to buildings and internal plumbing in homes up to
the 1960s.'

'Property owners are responsible for the water distribution system on their own
property, including all domestic internal plumbing.

'Irish Water is responsible for the maintenance and renewal of water mains on
the public water distribution network. The amount of lead distribution pipe in
the public water distribution system is negligible.'

'They cannot deduct money'

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DML


          Copyright 2015 Irish Daily Mail - Associated Newspapers Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              283 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               Weekend Australian

             September 17, 2005 Saturday All-round Country Edition

Families lose out by using rainwater

SOURCE: MATP

BYLINE: George Megalogenis

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 592 words


THE cost of installing a rainwater tank, a symbol of environmentally friendly
housing, would take families a lifetime to pay off if they used the funds saved
on their water bills.

The Housing Industry Association also estimates that using recycled water for
the toilet would leave a household worse off by as much as $150 a year.

The gap would only be partly covered by boosting the first-home owner grant by
$3000 to $10,000, as a federal parliamentary committee proposed this week in a
report into building sustainable cities.

The increased grant would help cover the cost of introducing five-star
sustainability rating systems for homes in all states, as the committee
proposed.

The hard numbers illustrate the dilemma at the heart of the water conservation
debate: the cost of building water-efficient housing exceeds the benefits for
home owners.

One of the problems is that the water used by households is still very cheap.
But the cost of a tank would cost families up to three times as much to install
than the money they would save from their water bill over 20 years.

Another is that households account for just 9 per cent of the water used
nationally, compared with 67 per cent for agriculture.

In a submission to Victoria's competition watchdog, the HIA details the sums
involved in adding a rainwater tank to a new home, based on a survey of its
members.

"The cost of supplying and installing a 2000-litre rainwater tank plumbed to one
toilet equates to $3792, whilst the interest on a 20-year mortgage at 6.5 per
cent per annum equates to (another) $2993," the HIA says in its submission to
the Victorian Competition and Efficiency Commission.

"Interestingly, the interest payable annually on the extra $3792 mortgage is
likely to be two or three times more than the potential savings in water usage
costs each year. Also, these costings do not include ongoing maintenance
expenses."

The HIA says the best-case scenario is a $55 saving on the water bill, but this
would be half or a third of the annual cost of the rainwater tank.

Victoria is the only state that requires all new houses to meet a five-star
conservation rating.

One option available to clear the hurdle is a rainwater tank. Another is a solar
hot water system, which the HIA says is twice as expensive with an upfront cost
of $4827 and another $3810 in interest over 20 years.

This week, the federal parliamentary committee for the environment released its
report into building sustainable cities.

Committee chairman Mal Washer said Australia was one of the most urbanised
nations in the world, and faced serious challenges with "water shortages,
transport congestion and high energy demands".

"There is no doubt a number of Australian cities are in imminent danger of
running out of water," the Liberal MP said.

The committee said all states and territories should follow Victoria's lead and
introduce five-star rating systems. To address concerns that this would impose a
tax on first-home buyers, the committee called on the federal Government to pick
up part of the tab.

"The committee believes that, as an incentive for sustainable building
practices, the Australian Government should increase the first-home owner grant
to $10,000 for those homes that meet specified sustainability criteria," the
report said.

The catch, confirmed yesterday, was that the HIA's own data showed that an extra
$3000 would still leave the first-home buyer worse off after installing a
rainwater tank on the roof.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2005 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              284 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The Baluchistan Times

                            February 18, 2011 Friday

Japan to grant financial support of US$ 203,671 for Environmental Sanitation in
Hunza

SECTION: Vol. XXXV No. 47

LENGTH: 319  words


Government of Japan has decided to grant financial support of US$ 203,671
(approx. Rs. 17.0 million) to the Aga Khan Cultural Service Pakistan (AKCSP) for
the Environmental Sanitation and Water Supply Projects in Hunza,
Gilgit-Baltistan.

The agreements for the two projects were signed on Thursday at the Japanese
Ambassador's residence in Islamabad, between Mr. Chihiro Atsumi, the Ambassador
of Japan to Pakistan and Mr. Akbarali Pesnani, Chairman of the AKCSP.

The Environmental Sanitation Project is meant for the Improvement of
Community-based Environmental Sanitation, in Altit, Hunza. Around 237 households
(1,820 individuals) including IDPs, who have migrated after Attaabad landslide
disaster, will be benefited from this project. Local labour will be trained and
employed during the execution of the Project which will help them to get new
jobs in future to support their families.

The Water Supply Project is aimed at the Renovation of Water Supply Scheme in
Karimabad, Hunza. The grant will be utilized for the renovation of pipelines and
water tanks, which were previously funded by Japan in 2004 and were damaged due
to landslides during preceding years. It would ultimately help in preserving the
existing facility which is the present 'only drinking water source'. This
project will benefit 450 households (around 3,600 individuals) in this area.

At the signing ceremony, Ambassador Atsumi stressed that improvement of water
supply and sanitation is one of the priority areas in Japan's assistance policy
towards Pakistan.

He also emphasized that these projects would help more in improving the living
standards of the inhabitants of the vicinity and also encourage the tourists in
this valley which have very precious natural scenery and historical places. He
expressed his hope that the current projects would further strengthen the
existing friendly relations between the peoples of Japan and Pakistan.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              285 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             May 4, 2016 Wednesday

Fix for trailer park reflects uranium problem

BYLINE: Ellen Knickmeyer; The Associated Press

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 315 words

ABSTRACT

California regulators have approved a grant to bring safe water to a California
trailer park where three dozen households have been provided with tap water
containing dangerous levels of uranium for years

FULL TEXT

California regulators approved a $3.2 million grant Tuesday to bring safe water
to a California trailer park where three dozen households for years have been
provided with tap water containing dangerous levels of uranium.

The grant from the California Water Resources Control Board will pay to install
lines from a new well in a nearby town to the Double L Mobile Ranch Park outside
Fresno, in the agriculturally rich Central Valley.

One in 10 public water systems and up to one in four private wells in some areas
of the Central Valley now have raw water with unsafe levels of uranium,
officials say.

"Uranium contamination is a fact and is a challenge, a gigantic challenge. There
is no question about that," said Frances Spivey-Weber, vice chairwoman of the
water board.

The Double L Mobile Ranch Park was highlighted in a 2015 article by The
Associated Press looking at the growing problem of uranium in the water of
California's farming heartland.

U.S. Geological Survey researchers believe irrigation is responsible for slowly
rising levels of naturally occurring uranium in underground water supplies.

Uranium can damage kidneys and raise cancer risks if consumed long-term at
concentrations above federal and state limits for drinking water.

The AP found that the mostly Spanish-speaking farm workers at the mobile home
park had little understanding of the English-language warnings required by law
about the tainted water. Some poorer families at the park had been drinking the
tainted water for years, the AP found.

More broadly, the AP found public water systems ranging from mid-size cities to
rural schools dealing with uranium-contaminated water in the Central Valley.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              286 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                             May 20, 2014, Tuesday

PUTNAM COUNTY;
Water grant request lowered

BYLINE: Ryan Quinn, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P5A

LENGTH: 514 words


WINFIELD - Putnam County commissioners agreed Monday to approve a request for a
smaller - and, county officials say, more likely to be awarded - grant to bring
water service to rural residents in the northern part of the county.

This is the fourth consecutive year the county has requested a Small Cities
Block Grant to fund water line extensions in the Manila Ridge area, which
borders Mason County. The county has requested about $1.5 million each year, but
commissioners are dropping the amount this year by $150,000.

Commissioner Andy Skidmore said the county probably won't know until December
whether it has received the grant, which provides federal funds and is
administered by the West Virginia Development Office.

Terry Martin, project coordinator for the Regional Intergovernmental Council, is
helping the county apply for the grant. He said the current plan is to extend
service to 42 households, up from the 39 in last year's grant application. He
said several factors are helping the county reduce its grant request while
increasing service, including using plastic pipe instead of ductile iron and
cutting the diameter from 8 to 6 inches.

"The major cut is the price of plastic pipe, Martin said.

The state Public Service Commission's April 7 order that West Virginia American
Water continue public water projects has also helped lower the request. West
Virginia American has indicated it will commit $147,000 to the project, though
Martin said that number still isn't firm.

In 2012, West Virginia American decided not to contribute $200,000 for the
Manila Ridge water line extensions. Water company officials slashed funding for
public-private water partnerships all over the state in 2011, not long after the
PSC rejected $10 million of the company's requested $15 million rate increase.

The Putnam County Building Commission joined other entities from other counties
in filing a complaint with the PSC.

The full Manila Ridge project is estimated to cost $1.7 million, with the county
funding the roughly $200,000 needed with the grant and West Virginia American's
contribution.

The lower grant request this year is not the first time the commission has
adjusted its pleas for water extensions in northern Putnam. The Manila Ridge
extensions were originally part of a larger request for about $6 million. County
Manger Brian Donat said the full project would have provided water to residents
in Manila, Jim and Bee ridges.

County officials said that, after trying for more than a decade to get funding
for the full project, the commission decided to break the request up. Martin
said the county was then finally able to achieve funding to extend service to
about 95 households in the first portion, which Donat said served Jim and Bee
ridges.

Martin said when that project finished in 2010, the extended lines provided the
opportunity to expand to the adjacent Manila Ridge. He said the county has to
extend water lines to Manila Ridge before it can provide water to the roughly 50
to 60 residents in a third section.

Reach Ryan Quinn at ryan.quinn@wvgazette.com or 304-348-1254.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              287 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            June 08, 2000, Thursday

Homeowners may get help with sewer costs

BYLINE: JOSH ZIMMER

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 667 words

DATELINE: CRYSTAL RIVER



Crystal River and Citrus County will seek a federal grant to help reduce costs
to hook up homes in Indian Waters.

Dusting off a 1997 interlocal agreement during their joint meeting Tuesday, the
Crystal River City Council and the County Commission voted to pursue a federal
grant that would help them link more than 200 Indian Waters homes to city
sewers.

The subdivision already relies on city water. But high estimated costs for
connecting the neighborhood to city sewers have placed the project on the back
burner.

Although the estimated cost per household remains high - as much as $ 8,500,
according to figures presented by county engineers - the price tag would drop
several thousand dollars if the governments can join forces and secure a U.S.
Department of Agriculture grant. If Crystal River and the county received the
maximum amount, the per-household assessment would drop to $ 5,356, engineers
said.

The payments would be stretched out over several years.

While he and his neighbors want to help the environment, Indian Waters homeowner
John Foley said he would welcome any assistance in easing the financial burden
of connecting  to the sewer system.

If all goes as hoped, the county would build the project and collect special
assessments; the city would collect user fees.

"I'm not opposed to cleaning up the river," Foley said Wednesday. "I think
they're looking at a pretty steep price. Hopefully, they can get some grant
money . . . to help defer some of that cost."

The governments are conducting a study that will collect information necessary
to apply for the rural development grant, including preliminary engineering,
environmental and financial assessments and the creation of proper ordinances.

The report should be completed by August,  said Ken Frink, the county's
assistant public works director. Final word from the USDA should come by
November.

"We're interested in getting the cost down a much as possible, like we did in
Homosassa," Frink said.

In Homosassa, the county significantly reduced the estimated household
connection cost by obtaining more  than $ 2-million in state grants. People
living around the initial line, which extends from the county's Meadowcrest
Wastewater Treatment Plant to the Riverhaven treatment plant off West Halls
River Road, will be paying several thousand dollars to hook up.

The same issue is being dealt with in Chassahowitzka, where engineering work is
under way after the state awarded the county $ 1-million to help solve pollution
problems in the area.

Under the county's ordinance, homeowners have 365 days to connect to central
sewers when the service is available.

Installing central sewers in environmentally sensitive areas, such as the west
side of U.S. 19, is a linchpin to meeting the county's water quality goals,
County Commissioner Brad Thorpe said after Tuesday's meeting. He credited the
city for reviving the interlocal agreement.

"The county, after doing some of these projects, is feeling more comfortable,"
Thorpe said. "We're starting to build a bit of a track record in getting money
for these projects."

Despite confidence in central sewer projects, the project would proceed before
officials knew whether septic tanks in Indian Waters are actually polluting
local waters, Frink  said. Neither the tanks nor the surrounding waters will be
analyzed in the study.

"They fail eventually. That's the problem," he said.

Foley, an engineer who worries about how some of his older neighbors will afford
the assessment and connection fees, said he would prefer to see the project
financed through property taxes and impact fees.

The proposal leaves him feeling both resigned and somewhat frustrated. The
county, which permits septic tanks, is a big part of the problem, he said.

"I have a perfectly good working septic system right now," Foley said. "There
are thousands more septic tanks in the county. If they really want to do
something, stop putting them in . . . all over."


LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITRUS TIMES

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              288 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                            February 18, 2011 Friday

Japan grants Rs 17 million to AKCSP for environment

LENGTH: 353 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Feb. 18 -- The government of Japan has decided to grant a financial
support of $203,671 (Rs 17 million approx) to the Aga Khan Cultural Service
Pakistan (AKCSP) for the Environmental Sanitation and Water Supply Projects in
Hunza, Gilgit-Baltistan.

The agreements for the two projects were signed on Thursday at the Japanese
Ambassador?s residence in Islamabad between Chihiro Atsumi, the Ambassador of
Japan to Pakistan and Akbarali Pesnani, Chairman of the AKCSP.

The Environmental Sanitation Project is meant for the Improvement of
Community-based Environ-mental Sanitation, in Altit, Hunza. Around 237
households (1,820 individuals) including IDPs, who have migrated after Attaabad
landslide disaster, will be benefited from this project.

Local labour will be trained and employed during the execution of the project,
which will help them get new jobs in future to support their families.

The Water Supply Project is aimed at the Renovation of Water Supply Scheme in
Karimabad, Hunza. The grant will be utilised for the renovation of pipelines and
water tanks, which were previously funded by Japan in 2004 and were damaged due
to landslides during preceding years. It would ultimately help in preserving the
existing facility, which is the present ?only drinking water source?. This
project will benefit 450 households (around 3,600 individuals) in this area.

At the signing ceremony, Ambassador Atsumi stressed that improvement of water
supply and sanitation is one of the priority areas in Japan?s assistance policy
towards Pakistan. He also emphasised that these projects would help more in
improving the living standards of the inhabitants of the vicinity and also
encourage the tourists in this valley, which have very precious natural scenery
and historical places.

He expressed hope that the current projects would further strengthen the
existing friendly relations between the peoples of Japan and Pakistan. Published
by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              289 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Daily The Post

                            February 18, 2011 Friday

Japan grants $203,671 for sanitation projects in GB

LENGTH: 318  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


Japan has decided to grant financial support of US $ 203,671 (approx. Rs. 17.0
million) to the Aga Khan Cultural Service Pakistan (AKCSP) for environmental
sanitation and water supply projects in Hunza, Gilgit-Baltistan.

The agreements for the two projects were signed here on Thursday between Chihiro
Atsumi, Ambassador of Japan, and Akbarali Pesnani, Chairman of the AKCSP, said a
statement issued by the Japanese Embassy.  The Environmental Sanitation Project
is meant for the Improvement of Community-based Environmental Sanitation, in
Altit, Hunza in Gilgit Baltitan. Around 237 households (1,820 individuals)
including IDPs, who have migrated after Attaabad landslide disaster, will be
benefited from this project.  Local labour will be trained and employed during
the execution of the project which will help them to get new jobs in future to
support their families. The Water Supply Project is aimed at the Renovation of
Water Supply Scheme in Karimabad, Hunza.  The grant will be utilized for the
renovation of pipelines and water tanks, which were previously funded by Japan
in 2004 and were damaged due to landslides during preceding years.  It would
ultimately help in preserving the existing facility which is the present 'only
drinking water source'. This project will benefit 450 households (around 3,600
individuals) in this area.  At the signing ceremony, Ambassador Atsumi stressed
that improvement of water supply and sanitation is one of the priority areas in
Japan's assistance policy towards Pakistan.  He also emphasized that these
projects would help more in improving the living standards of the inhabitants of
the vicinity and also encourage the tourists in this valley which have very
precious natural scenery and historical places.  He expressed his hope that the
current projects would further strengthen the existing friendly relations
between the peoples of Japan and Pakistan.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              290 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           February 19, 2011 Saturday

Pakistan: Japan to grant financial support of US$ 203,671 for Environmental
Sanitation in Hunza

LENGTH: 356  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Feb. 19 -- Government of Japan has decided to grant financial support
of US$ 203,671 (approx. Rs. 17.0 million) to the Aga Khan Cultural Service
Pakistan (AKCSP) for the Environmental Sanitation and Water Supply Projects in
Hunza, Gilgit-Baltistan.

The agreements for the two projects were signed on Thursday at the Japanese
Ambassador's residence in Islamabad, between Mr. Chihiro Atsumi, the Ambassador
of Japan to Pakistan and Mr. Akbarali Pesnani, Chairman of the AKCSP.

The Environmental Sanitation Project is meant for the Improvement of
Community-based Environmental Sanitation, in Altit, Hunza. Around 237 households
(1,820 individuals) including IDPs, who have migrated after Attaabad landslide
disaster, will be benefited from this project. Local labour will be trained and
employed during the execution of the Project which will help them to get new
jobs in future to support their families.

The Water Supply Project is aimed at the Renovation of Water Supply Scheme in
Karimabad, Hunza. The grant will be utilized for the renovation of pipelines and
water tanks, which were previously funded by Japan in 2004 and were damaged due
to landslides during preceding years. It would ultimately help in preserving the
existing facility which is the present 'only drinking water source'. This
project will benefit 450 households (around 3,600 individuals) in this area.

At the signing ceremony, Ambassador Atsumi stressed that improvement of water
supply and sanitation is one of the priority areas in Japan's assistance policy
towards Pakistan.

He also emphasized that these projects would help more in improving the living
standards of the inhabitants of the vicinity and also encourage the tourists in
this valley which have very precious natural scenery and historical places. He
expressed his hope that the current projects would further strengthen the
existing friendly relations between the peoples of Japan and Pakista Published
by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              291 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Brentwood Gazette

                             May 30, 2007 Wednesday

Sun

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 334 words


Carbon emissions have been identified as the main cause of climate change and a
major threat to our future.

To combat that threat, and help meet the UK government's target of 10 per cent
of the country's electricity being produced from renewable energy by 2010,
Essex County Council is promoting the use of environmentally friendly renewable
energy sources such as solar water heating systems.

Solar power, in the form of solar water heating systems, uses light energy
derived from the sun to heat water which, in the UK, is most commonly used for
domestic hot water. Solar water heating systems are designed to provide between
50 and 70 per cent of annual energy for the domestic hot water demand of a
typical UK household.

It is estimated that there are upwards of 70,000 solar systems currently
installed in the UK, and 5,000 new systems being installed each year.  A new
system costs in the region of £3,000 to 4,000 but this can be significantly
cheaper in new-build situations or if systems are purchased in bulk.

Solar panels or collectors  fitted to a roof collect heat from the sun's
radiation from either a flat plate or tube systems to be transferred for
storage in a cylinder.

Solar water heating is estimated to provide almost all of a household's hot
water during the summer months and about a third all year round. The average
domestic system reduces C02 emissions by around 350 to 400kg per year, depending
on the fuel replaced, representing a saving of around £50 a year.

These systems generally come with a 5 to 10 year warranty and require little
maintenance. A yearly check by the householder and a more detailed check by a
professional installer every 3 to 5 years should be sufficient (consult your
system supplier for exact maintenance requirements).

The DTI funded low carbon buildings programme provides grants to help with the
costs of installing solar water heating technologies.

An Essex Energy Efficiency Advice centre has been set up at 0800 512 012 to
answer questions on energy.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Brentwood Gazette
                              All Rights Reserved


                              292 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                   Standard-Speaker (Hazleton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                               May 4, 2015 Monday

Stockton water supply: Money well spent?

BYLINE: Sam Galski, Standard-Speaker, Hazleton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1097 words


May 04--Christopher Speicher has no issue with the concept of providing safe
drinking water for some 40 households in the Hazle Township villages of Stockton
No. 6 and Stockton No. 8.

But he questions whether a state-funded project that will accomplish that goal
at a cost more than $2.2 million is the most frugal use of taxpayer dollars.

Speicher, who serves as director of entrepreneurship and associate director of
graduate and professional studies at Marywood University in Scranton, said he
can't justify Pennsylvania Infrastructure Investment Authority's decision to
award a $2,210,181 grant to fund a project that will connect 40 homes to
Hazleton City Authority's public water system when alternative solutions are
available at a fraction of the cost.

Speicher contends the state could've purchased filtration systems for all 40
homes and have them installed for a total of $100,000. The systems, which are
available at a home improvement center, reduce chlorine and heavy metals,
inhibit growth of bacteria and algae and are equipped with UV filters that kill
bacteria and viruses that are typically present in well water.

Purchasing and installing those filters, he contends, would cost $2,099 per
home, or $83,960 for 40 households. Permit fees would increase total costs to
around $100,000 -- or about $2.1 million less than the state has signed off on
for extending Hazleton City Authority's system to both villages.

The grant represents an investment of $55,000 for each of the 40 homes in
Stockton, which approaches the median home sale price of $76,000 that is listed
in some popular real estate websites, he said.

"As a trained economist and a professor of business at a local university with
some experience in economic development and real estate, I just can't find an
economic justification for the ... PENNVEST Infrastructure Grant investment in
this project. Alternatives to this project offer a much more practical and dare
I say, economic, alternative," Speicher said.

But an engineer for Hazleton City Authority and a pair of state legislators who
announced the grant a few days ago insist that costs and the overall purpose for
the project is justified -- to take Stockton residents off a non-permitted,
contaminated water supply that will cease operating and connect them to a public
system.

"We're certainly not just putting in a main for customers," authority engineer
John Synoski said. "The ultimate goal is to provide a system. With trenching,
excavation, shoulder and pavement restoration -- and we have all the work to get
the line out there -- is by far the overwhelming part of the project. It's hard
to say, 'Let's compare this to just put home filters in.'"

State Sen. John Yudichak, D-14, Plymouth Township, and state Rep. Tarah Toohil,
R-116, Butler Township, praised the project when announcing the $2.2 million
grant in late April.

"A safe, reliable public water supply is something we all take for granted and
something the people in Stockton need and deserve," Yudichak said at the time.

While Speicher doesn't dispute the need for safe water system, he strongly
opposes the project costs.

"Practicality has been lost, no matter what government-related expenditure we
can pick out," he said in an email to the Standard-Speaker. "But this project
that has a cost equivalent to 72 percent of home values in the village of
Stockton is just plain stupid."

An engineer's view

Several factors contributed to the estimated $2.2 million price tag for the
Stockton project, particularly costs for extending a water main for
approximately two miles, Synoski said.

"That obviously drives the cost up right from the beginning," he said.

Plans account for potential growth, with the authority extending its system into
the villages according to state guidelines, he said.

Since the main will be installed along a state road, the authority must work
with Pennsylvania Department of Transportation, which tends to drive costs up a
bit, he said.

The purpose of the project essentially dictates costs, Synoski argues.

"The water system that serves Stockton 6 and 8 is in DEP and EPA violation," he
said, referring to the state Department of Environmental Protection and U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency. "It essentially is nonexistent. The water
source is not permitted nor can it be because of the history of ownership.

"With the water system, the options that pertain to small residential systems
are difficult to apply there. The legitimate permitted water source is not
there. That's where we were asked by DEP to step in."

Issues such as distance, line size, service area and hydrant service flow also
impact costs, he said.

"I know they have to jackhammer and drill underneath the PennDOT road," Synoski
said. "That adds costs."

DEP arranged for Nittany Engineering to design the project, develop cost
estimates and work on permitting, which required some assistance from Synoski.

The engineer estimates that about $1.84 million of the roughly $2.2 million in
estimated project costs are for "hard construction" while the remaining 15
percent of 20 percent of funds are related to "services to the customers," he
said.

Toohil and Yudichak continued defending the project, despite cost concerns
raised by Speicher.

"The Stockton system is an old, antiquated system that is contaminated with
giardia, bacteria, and iron," Toohil said in an email. "This water is absolutely
unsafe to drink. Children and elderly were actually drinking this water. Being
that no one in Stockton wants to take responsibility for starting this system
nor maintaining it, we had to come up with a solution.

"Any type of filter on this system would not have cured the water of the
bacteria and impurities in the system," Toohil continued. "Although at a cost,
this was the only solution that would deliver safe drinking water to the village
of Stockton."

"The Stockton water project is exactly what the PENNVEST program was created to
do -- perform a thorough financial analysis on projects designed to protect the
health and safety of Pennsylvania citizens who are potentially at risk due to a
contaminated and insufficient water system," Yudichak added.

Hazleton City Authority board members recently took steps to move the project
forward. The board voted to accept and close on the $2,210,181 PENNVEST grant.
Board members also authorized the authority to advertise for public bids on the
main extension project.

sgalski@standardspeaker.com

___ (c)2015 the Standard-Speaker (Hazleton, Pa.) Visit the Standard-Speaker
(Hazleton, Pa.) at standardspeaker.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150504-ZX-Stockton-water-supply-Money-well-spent-0504-20150504

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZX


                        Copyright 2015 Standard-Speaker


                              293 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Offaly Express

                           December 18, 2012 Tuesday

Septic tank scheme welcomed by Laois/Offaly opposition TDs

LENGTH: 425  words


The announcement of a grant scheme for homeowners whose sepic tanks need
replacement or upgrade has been welcomed by local opposition TDs.

Fianna Fáil Spokesperson on Environment and Local Government Barry Cowen has
welcomed the announcement describing it as a small step in the right direction'.
Deputy Cowen said it is now important that the National Inspection Plan be
published as soon as possible.

"It will come as a relief to the nearly half a million septic tank owners across
the country that Minister Hogan has finally realised that his legislation was
unfair. I am glad that he has now caved into pressure and agreed to provide a
grant to help with some of the cost of upgrades.  While this is a step in the
right direction, it is disappointing that the Minister has capped the grant at
EUR4,000.

"The Minister must now ensure that the National Inspection Plan, prepared by the
Environmental Protection Agency, is published as soon as possible.  This
includes details of where the inspections will be and what standards will apply.
Until this is published, there will remain a great deal of uncertainty among
sceptic tank owners about how they will be affected by Minister Hogan's
legislation."

Sinn Féin spokesperson on Environment, Community and Local Government, Brian
Stanley TD has today welcomed Minister Hogan's partial grant scheme for septic
tanks. However Deputy Stanley said the grant should cover the full remedial
works to achieve maximum benefit.

He said, "I am happy that Minster Hogan has finally taken on board our
suggestion to make funds available to assist in the upgrading of domestic septic
tanks.

"Sinn Féin has been consistent over the past 18 months in demanding full
financial assistance for households. Minister Hogan's offer of 80% for those on
incomes up to [#x20ac]50,000 and 50% on incomes over [#x20ac]50,000 will
certainly alleviate some of the hardship but not all of it.

"Sinn Féin supports improving the quality of water, but rural households should
not be penalised for Fianna Fail's failure to implement EU directives on clean
ground water.

"We also welcome the increasing of the grant to Group Sewerage Schemes. These
grants are increased from [#x20ac]2,031.58 to [#x20ac]6,500 per house or 75% of
the cost of the scheme, whichever is the lesser.

"Both announcements will bring much needed jobs to many rural communities and
improve water quality and public health in rural areas. To ensure maximum gain
and a permanent positive legacy the Minister must go the extra mile and provide
full financial assistance to cover all remedial work."

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IOFE


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              294 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                           Star News (Wilmington NC)

                            July 31, 2003, Thursday

Water tie-in helps Navassa residents

BYLINE: Millard K. Ives, Staff Writer

SECTION: Local/State; Pg. 1B, 4B

LENGTH: 416 words


NAVASSA | Water has been flowing past the Cedar Hill Road home of Mandy Clemmons
for years through a county line to the nearby Rampage Yachts factory.

A 75-year-old on fixed income, Ms. Clemmons couldn't afford the more than $
1,300 to hook up to the water line but has been paying an $ 11 monthly fee to
maintain it.

Now, thanks to a $ 75,000 government grant to the town of Navassa, she is
eligible to hook up to the line for free.

The funds will be used to pay costs associated with connecting low- to
moderate-income households to the county water line.

"I feel real good about this (grant)," said Ms. Clemmons, who added her well
water smells like sewage. "I was wondering if I was ever going to have water."

The line was planted along Cedar Hill Road in the early 1990s, mostly to supply
water to Rampage Yachts. More than 60 homeowners on the street and in nearby
areas were told they could connect to the water line for a fee.

But Navassa is considered a rural area with a large number of low- to moderate-
income families, said Sherman Davis, town consultant for capital outlay
improvements.

Of the 60 homes, only 10 owners have paid the $ 1,310 fee for taps, meters,
deposits and other costs, Mr. Davis said. They also paid for the labor to extend
the water lines to their homes, he said.

As a result, the town applied for a $ 75,000 Community Development Block Grant.

"We wanted to ensure all residents had water," Mr. Davis said.

Mr. Davis said the town would start next week hand-delivering brochures
describing the grant and application process to residents.

He said he expects 25 to 30 homeowners with the lowest incomes to receive
approval. He added he hopes the town may receive other grants to help other
residents who can't afford to connect to town water lines.

A number of water and sewer lines are being planted across Brunswick County.
It's not clear how many needy households in other areas would get the same
break.

Last November, 54 percent of Boiling Spring Lakes residents who cast ballots
voted in favor of a referendum for a water system in their city.

The city requires some residents to hook up to the system, costing at least $
1,360 per home. Some residents have argued about the cost.

"We will try to work with those people," said Elly Johnson, city manager.

Huey Marshall, county public information officer, said low-interest loans are
available to some county residents who can't afford to pay for the connection.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Copyright 2003 Star News


                              295 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             August 26, 2013 Monday
                              Business Day Edition

Progress, but much to do

SECTION: OPINION & EDITORIAL

LENGTH: 897  words


Progress, but much to do

Latest statistics are a mixed bag for SA

A WEALTH of data last week from the Presidency and Statistics SA (Stats SA)
shows the country is making progress in some key areas to improve the quality of
life of its citizens.

Life expectancy has increased. The incidence of HIV/AIDS is stabilising. More
pupils pass matric. More small children have access to early learning programmes
that should enhance their chances of doing well at school. Access to basic
services such as electricity, clean water and sanitation has improved
significantly over the past decade.

Yet the data show too that SA is a very strange country, one where just about
everyone has access to a cellphone, but many people still can't rely on a square
meal. Communicating is clearly very important to us as a nation, and it is a
need that has been well met, mainly by the cellphone networks. Fewer than 7% of
SA households have no access to telecoms, according to Stats SA's latest General
Household Survey, and in Gauteng the figure is below 4%. There are landlines
about, but almost 80% of households rely only on cellphones.

The idea of cellphones as a basic human need is not just a South African
phenomenon - recent United Nations (UN) figures show that there are now almost
as many cellphones on the planet as there are people, with 6.8-billion mobile
phone users globally this year, up from 2.2-billion eight years ago.

Telecommunications and information technology are crucial in a modern economy,
and in that sense the South African figure is encouraging, as is the finding
that in more than 40% of South African households, at least one person now has
access to the internet - and, according to Stats SA, three-quarters of
households now own a TV set.

Nevertheless, in a country where more than one-fifth of households still report
inadequate access to food, and just more than 10% report actual hunger, this is
disconcerting, if for no other reason than priorities seeming to be somewhat
skewed in many South African households.

Even more disturbing are data such as those on maternal and infant mortality. SA
may be spending more on healthcare and improving access to it, but for every
100000 live babies who are born, 300 mothers still die in childbirth. The
Presidency reports in its Development Indicators that there is no sign of a
reversal of the upward trend in maternal mortality. It reports too that while
infant mortality has come down, it is still more than double the target set in
the UN's Millennium Development Goals.

And even where babies and their mothers survive, an ailing state healthcare
system means those babies may be severely compromised. City Press reported
yesterday on the & damaged generation of children& being produced by an
inadequately trained, overstretched, underequipped health system, with a surge
in malpractice claims related to cerebral palsy (brain damage) cases caused by
alleged negligence in the birth process.

So while much has clearly been done to improve the quality of life of SA's
citizens over the past decade or two, SA is still failing horribly on some of
the basics.

Perhaps we have come to take it for granted that almost everyone should expect
to have access to electricity (85% now do) or clean water (more than 90%), but
not necessarily to a job or a steady income. But there are limits to how much
the quality of life can be improved in a sustainable way unless more people can
work and earn - and pay for the services to which they have access.

Both surveys highlight the persistence of high levels of unemployment,
particularly youth unemployment, and of poverty. They also highlight the
increased number of households that depend on social grants. Almost 44% of
households now receive at least one grant, up from less than 30% a decade ago.

Those grants, now received by about 15.5-million people, have been one of the
biggest factors reducing poverty and hunger, in the absence of meaningful job
creation. And despite the question marks over the grant payment system itself,
and the tender process followed by the Social Security Agency, the system
appears to reach beneficiaries reasonably effectively.

This is more than can be said of some of the other services delivered by the
government. One striking feature of Stats SA's General Household Survey is how
dissatisfied people seem to be with some. They may have access to water, but are
unhappy with its quality. They may have received Reconstruction and Development
Programme (RDP) houses funded by the government, but cite weak walls and roofs.

Much as the surveys remind us of what has been achieved, they also highlight the
problems. It is one thing to pay grants and fund houses and electricity, and all
of these do improve the lives of poor people. But it is quite another thing to
enable job-creating economic growth that will ensure lives can be improved more
sustainably.

It is one thing to improve people's access to education, healthcare and other
services - but quite another to ensure these are high-quality services that
genuinely improve outcomes on health or skills or housing.

To its credit, the Presidency's report draws attention to some of the failures
as well as to the achievements. Whether that will prompt action remains to be
seen.

It is one thing to pay grants and fund houses and electricity. But it is quite
another to enable job-creating economic growth

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              296 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily News (South Africa)

                            July 25, 2012 Wednesday
                                   E2 Edition

Child grant fraud rife, need for family planning

BYLINE:  Babalo Ndenze

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 544 words


FIGURES released by Social Development Minister Bathabile Dlamini suggest
child-support grant fraud remains rife, according to a lobby group and the DA,
with "invisible children" being recorded in the system.

The Alliance for Children's Entitlement to Social Security (Acess) said that
there were cases of people claiming to have "four sets of twins" and, in some
cases, more than 10 biological children.

In April, the Department of Social Development also confirmed that the Special
Investigating Unit had found 25 255 cases of social grant fraud by public
officials since the inception of the SA Social Security Agency in 2005.

According to the latest statistics released by Social Development Minister
Bathabile Dlamini in a written parliamentary reply to DA MP Mike Waters, more
than 5 million beneficiaries were receiving child-support grants to take care of
just more than 10 million children.

Waters said that it was not just public servants who were defrauding the system,
but beneficiaries making false claims as well.

He also found it strange that some beneficiaries claimed to have more than 10
children.

"That's exactly the thing. But without being funny, family planning is also
needed in conjunction with the Department of Health," said Waters.

Dlamini's reply showed that there were also more than 8 000 children who not
only qualified for a child-support grant because of their age, but were also
care-givers in child-headed households and looked after children themselves.

Two mothers registered in the system had 10 or more children each.

There were also 24 224 beneficiaries with between six and 10 biological
children.

The largest group of mothers who benefited were those with only one biological
child - at 2.7 million.

Responding to the statistics, Acess, an alliance of more than 1 223 children's
sector organisations, said the support grants should be extended but there was a
problem of "invisible children", which made it difficult to get accurate
statistics.

"Whether we like it or not, there are fraudulent cases. |In the Eastern Cape,
for example, there are children called iimbombozi which are children who do not
exist (but are in |the system)," said Acess communication and stakeholder
relations manager Bukelwa Voko.

She said the fraud was done mostly in "collaboration" with government officials.

"There are reports and stories whereby a person has four sets of twins. It's
very easy to defraud the system," said Voko.

She said it also appeared that child-headed households had increased.

"People are dying every day and you get children who are left with no parents,"
said Voko.

Dlamini said the SA Social Security Agency had not initiated specific
family-planning interventions for care- givers receiving child support.

"Since many of the care- givers attend primary health-care clinics, it is
assumed that they would be exposed to these programmes at the clinics," said
Dlamini.

A breakdown of beneficiaries receiving child support for their biological
children showed:

1 child 2 738 113

2 children 1 656 343

3 children 702 179

4 children 244 364

5 children 74 643

6-10 children 24 224

10 or more children 2

Dlamini said beneficiaries older than 40 made up the largest group, or 1.7
million beneficiaries, with 8 438 beneficiaries aged between 15 and 18.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ND


                Copyright 2012 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              297 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 2, 2015 Monday

Wisconsin: Community Development Block Grant for Housing Rehabilitation

LENGTH: 246 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Madison: City of Lodi, The state of Wisconsin has issued the following news
release:



 The City of Lodi has a Community Development Block Grant for Housing
Rehabilitation. The funds will be loaned at 0% interest to eligible LMI
households for home repairs. Applications are accepted on a first come first
serve basis. There is no cost to fill out an application and all information
submitted is strictly confidential.





 Funds are available for the following types of projects:



 -HOMEOWNERS: These funds will be lent to eligible households for home repairs.
The loan is a 0%, deferred payment loan - you do not pay it back until you sell
the house or no longer live there.



 -LANDLORDS: Installment loans are available for landlords who rent to tenants
that are low- to moderate- income. The loan is a 0% interest loan. Contact the
program administrator for more details.



 The loan can be used to make the following types of repairs:



 -Handicap Accessibility

 -Electrical Upgrades-Replace Windows & Doors

 -Connect Water & Sewer Lines-Roofing

 -Painting, Siding, Porch Repairs-Repair/Replace Heating Systems, Water Heaters
& Plumbing Systems

 -Other General Improvements



 Interested households can contact Sue Koehn at the MSA Housing Program Office
at 1-800-552-6330 for an application or for more information. Households can
apply for the housing program at any time.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              298 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             March 23, 2009 Monday
                                 First Edition

Change starts at the top GOVERNMENT;
FEDERAL GOVERNMENT 60 EARTH HOUR PART TWO - NATIONAL

BYLINE: Owen Thomson

SECTION: SUPPLEMENT; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 762 words


A range of government programs are designed to make us more energy efficient,
writes Owen Thomson.

The Rudd Government has said addressing climate change is one of its top
priorities. When he was elected, the Prime Minister appointed the former
president of the Australian Conservation Foundation (and rock star) Peter
Garrett as Environment Minister and created a new portfolio, the Department of
Climate Change and Water, with Penny Wong as minister. Their departments are
running some important programs to encourage water and energy savings and the
use of renewable energy.

National Solar Schools Program

This program is designed to help primary and secondary schools around the
country engage in practical energy and water conservation practices. The
initiative makes available grants of up to $50,000 for the installation of
equipment such as solar hot water systems, rainwater tanks and other efficient
measures.

Solar Homes and Communities Plan

Designed to encourage the uptake of solar energy-saving technology at the
household level, the scheme offers rebates and grants for the installation of
solar power systems. Residential rebates apply to photovoltaic systems that are
either connected to a main grid or in very close proximity to one. The
household's taxable income must be less than $100,000 to be eligible for any
money.

Renewable Remote Power Generation Program

The program offers financial support in remote places that currently rely on
fossil fuels for their energy. It hopes to encourage the use of renewable energy
sources such as wind and solar. Another part of the program provides rebates for
households, communities, business and government in areas not close to a main
energy grid for the installation of renewable energy systems.

Green Precincts Fund

Announced in the 2008-09 federal Budget, the fund ($15 million over four years)
is intended to support project initiatives that encourage water and
energy-saving measures at community level. Approved projects must not only
deliver water and energy savings but also educate the community in relation to
efficiency. Funding availability per proposal ranges from $500,000 to a maximum
of $1.5 million.

Green Loans Program

Due to commence in the middle of the year, this $300-million five-year program
is designed to help Australians install solar, water-saving and energy-efficient
products via low interest loans of up to $10,000 each. Interested households
will receive access to a sustainability assessor to provide advice on the best
strategy for their property. It's hoped the program will allow an estimated
200,000 homeowners to reduce annual greenhouse gas emissions by an equivalent of
around 600,000 tonnes of CO2 by 2020.

National Water Plan

Known as Water for the Future, this plan acknowledges efficient water use will
become more important over the coming decades as increasing pressures on
available water supplies impact upon the stability of Australia's rural and
urban sectors. The initiative aims to modernise irrigation infrastructure,
increase efficiency of water use and improve the sustainability of irrigated
agriculture.

What's next?

Undoubtedly the most ambitious plan is the Federal Government's Carbon Pollution
Reduction Scheme, which is due to start next year. Seen as the primary mechanism
for reducing greenhouse gas emissions, it forms a key part of Australia's effort
to help shape a global response to the pressing issue of climate change.

As part of this overall strategy, the government late last year released a White
Paper for its proposed Emissions Trading Scheme, which identifies a target range
for emission reduction of between 5 to 15 per cent by 2020.

As part of the plan, companies that emit more than 25,000 tonnes of carbon
dioxide per year will be required to purchase a permit for every tonne of gas
they release into the environment. This arrangement will cover around 70 per
cent of Australia's emissions and will include most electricity generators,
mining companies and other ASX 200 companies. The production of building
materials such as glass, brick, steel, iron and concrete (as well as the
products' associated transportation costs) will also fall under the jurisdiction
of the scheme. In regards to longer-term targets, the Government has made a
commitment to reduce Australia's carbon pollution by 60 per cent of 2000 levels
by 2050.

EARTHFACT

Is there room at your school for a vegetable garden? It doesn't have to be big
and everyone could take turns in looking after it. There's nothing yummier than
fresh fruit or vegetables straight from the garden.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TWO PHOTOS: At the forefront . . . Environment Minister Peter Garrett
and Climate Change and Water Minister Penny Wong show their support. Photo:
James Brickwood

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2009 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              299 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           Coastal Views (Queensland)

                                 March 20, 2009

Time to cash in on water rebates

SECTION: Pg. 18

LENGTH: 401  words


THERE has never been a better time to improve the water and energy efficiency of
your house. Clarence Valley Council has a number of rebates available to
residents and there are also a number of NSW Government and Australian Federal
Government rebates to help ease the cost of installing energy and water-saving
devices to your house.

Clarence Valley Council has a rainwater tank rebate, a toilet replacement
rebate, and a showerhead exchange program that are available to households that
are on town water supply. Council offers rainwater tank rebates of up to $1400
to install a rainwater tank and connect it to their house. The dual flush toilet
rebate is a $50 rebate for houses to replace their single flush toilet with a
dual flush toilet. Residents can exchange their old showerhead with a water
efficient showerhead at their nearest council office. This saves on water and
water heating costs. For more details get a brochure from one of the council
offices or from this web site: www.ncwater.nsw.gov.au

NSW Government rebates include a rainwater tank rebate up to $1500 for rainwater
tanks connected to toilets and washing machines, a hot water system rebate of up
to $1200 to switch from electric to solar, heat pump or gas hot water systems
and a washing machine rebate of $150 for buying a 4.5 star or higher WELS rated
washing machine. More information on these grants is available from the
following web site: www.environment.nsw.gov.au/rebates.

The Federal Government offers rebates on free ceiling insulation worth up to
$1600 to all Australian home owner-occupiers of currently uninsulated homes; or
a $1600 rebate on the costs of installing solar hot water systems. It also
offers rebates of up to $500 for households to install rainwater tanks or grey
water systems, and up to $8000 for the installation of solar photovoltaic
systems on homes. More information on these grants is available from the
following web site: www.environment.gov.au/rebates.

Note that conditions apply to all rebates. Some of the rebates are not mutually
exclusive, so it may be possible to apply for more than one rebate for a house
modification, provided an applicant meets the eligibility requirements.

Clarence Valley Council is encouraging residents to look at and consider taking
advantage of the great rebates that are available. This makes more economic
sense than ever before, and also helps the environment.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ECV


                    Copyright 2009 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              300 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Newcastle Herald (Australia)

                            April 1, 2009 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

Here, take some more money;
abode AUTUMN EDITION 2009 - Environment rebates

BYLINE: GR

SECTION: SUPPLEMENT; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 2440 words


The government has come to the party with billions

of dollars to make the nationâ[#x20ac][TM]s homes more energy

efficient. Hereâ[#x20ac][TM]s how and where to get your share.

It is not often someone knocks on your door

and hands you several thousand dollars to do

work around your home, but that is what the

Rudd government is doing in its bid to keep the

Australian economy moving while making the

nationâ[#x20ac][TM]s homes more energy efficient.

The government has billions of dollars available

to provide homeowners with such things as $1600

worth of free ceiling insulation, $1600 towards the

cost of a solar hot water system, $500 towards the

purchase and installation of a new rainwater tank

or greywater treatment system, $8000 towards a new

solar home system or $5000 to extend an old system,

and up to $200,000 for renewable generation systems

in remote areas off the electricity grid.

Linked with other grants and rebates, such as state

government offers, it means there are now some

remarkable deals to be had, including solar power

systems that would have cost $12,000 dropping

to between $2000 and $2500, solar hot water systems

dropping from $5700 installed to $1295, and

package deals for a solar hot water system and 5000-

litre water tank dropping from $8930 to $2750.

With solar hot water systems alone, Solahart, a

market leader in Australia, believes tens of thousands

of NSW homeowners are set to make the

switch, reducing power bills and fighting climate

change, following the two-year extension of the state

governmentâ[#x20ac][TM]s rebate on top of the federal offer.

â[#x20ac]oeNSW has already experienced a massive 70 per

cent rise in demand for solar water heating since the

government implemented the rebate scheme almost

18 months ago,â[#x20ac] says Solahartâ[#x20ac][TM]s national manager

Stephen Cranch. â[#x20ac]oeThe move to solar water heating

will only escalate now that the rebate scheme has

been extended, especially given the federal governmentâ[#x20ac][TM]s

recent announcement that it is increasing its

own rebate from $1000 to $1600 and removing the

means test.â[#x20ac]

The Australian government offers, and how to

apply for them, are listed in the accompanying table

which should be mandatory reading for all householders,

because how often does Santa Clause keep

delivering presents this long after Christmas?

Many of the offers are not means tested and some,

such as the Energy Efficient Homes Package, will

have flow-on effects that will help households save

up to 40 per cent of their continuing electricity bills.

The ceiling insulation offer is aimed at supporting

jobs and setting up Australia for a low-carbon future,

its $3.9 billion budget to install insulation in around

2.7 million Australian homes and support the jobs

of tradespeople and workers employed in the manufacture,

distribution and installation of insulation in

the present global recession.

The government hopes the insulation will cut

around $200 per year off the energy bills for households

and reduce greenhouse gas emissions by

around 49.4 million tonnes by 2020, the equivalent

of taking more than one million cars off the road.

Insulation is typically the most cost-effective way to

improve a homeâ[#x20ac][TM]s energy efficiency, and although

all newly built homes must be insulated many older

homes - up to 40 per cent of Australiaâ[#x20ac][TM]s housing

stock - remain uninsulated.

The homes package will modernise Australian

homes and enable almost all the homes across

the nation to be operating at a minimum two-star

energy rating by 2011.

The insulation package will come on line for twoand-

a-half years on July 1, but for people who want

to do the insulation prior to that, they can go ahead

and seek reimbursement (up to $1600) after the

program commences.

The Energy Efficient Homes Package has something

for renters as well as owner-occupiers, as

many of Australiaâ[#x20ac][TM]s most vulnerable households are

renters. The government has doubled the rebate

available under the Low Emissions Plan for Renters

for landlords to put insulation in rental properties

- from $500 up to $1000 - until June, 2011. The

government estimates 500,000 rented homes will

benefit.

Bevan Hicks, the manager of Green Living

King at North Wyong, says the $1600 insulation

rebate (there is also a $300 rebate from the

state government) is more than enough to completely

cover the cost of insulating an average

three-bedroom or small four-bedroom house of

about 165 sq m, and the batts only take a few

hours to install.

The package also increases the governmentâ[#x20ac][TM]s

Solar Hot Water Rebate from $1000 to $1600

until June 30, 2012. Under the package homeowners

can either access the insulation program

or the solar hot water rebate.

If the choice is the solar hot water rebate,

Solahart points out that the combination of

state and federal rebates will provide NSW

homeowners with up to $2800 on solar systems

on top of renewable energy certificates, which

means a Solahart system would cost about $1200

installed.

A changeover is important because an electric

hot water system uses more power than any

other household appliance, and can account for

as much as 40 per cent of an average household

electricity bill (which in Australia is about $1500

a year). An average home using an electric hot

water system also produces just under eight

tonnes of greenhouse gas a year, which can be

reduced by 60 per cent using a solar system.

â[#x20ac]oeWith Treasury forecasting electricity price

rises of between 17 per cent to 24 per cent, the

savings in household running costs from solar

water heating will leap in the future,â[#x20ac] Cranch

says.

Ecosmart Hot Water, at Swansea, says that with

other rebates as well as the federal offer, the

total installed cost of a standard 400-litre, twopanel

system would be $1295 instead of $5700

without rebates.

â[#x20ac]oeIt would be all youâ[#x20ac][TM]d need to provide all the

hot water to a house,â[#x20ac] a spokeswoman said. The

system could be installed within two weeks.

If a homeowner wants to go for renewable

power but doesnâ[#x20ac][TM]t fancy solar panels on the

roof, Rheemâ[#x20ac][TM]s new MPi-325 heat pump, which

heats water by asorbing warmth from the air,

also attracts government rebates and incentives

of up to $3307. This means the usual purchase

and installation price of about $3600 drops to

between $250 to $350 for supply and standard

installation, which can be done using the same

plumbing and electrical connections as an electric

water heater, making changover easy.

Rheem says heat pumps are the latest breakthrough

in water heating, up to three times

more efficient than an electric water heater,

CONTINUED PAGE 14

returning similar savings to solar water heaters

and, with the rebates, among the cheapest of any

water heater to install, giving users the potential

to slash electricity bills as well as reducing greenhouse

gas emissions by up to 3.6 tonnes a year.

The National Rainwater and Greywater

Initiative is a $250 million plan to help households

save drinking water, and provides rebates

of up to $500 for the purchase of a rainwater

tank or greywater system.

Rainwater tanks are currently used by only a

minority of urban Australian households (with

the exception of Adelaide where 40 per cent of

households have tanks) but the average is less

than 10 per cent for other capital cities.

Rebates are available for the purchase and

installation of a new rainwater tank which is

connected for toilet and/or laundry use, or the

purchase and installation of a permanent greywater

treatment system. A $400 rebate is available

for a 2000/3999-litre tank and $500 for a tank

greater than 4000 litres.

Green Living King has an enviro package which

includes a 5000-litre water tank with all plumbing

to the washing machine and toilet, plus a twopanel

Rinnai solar hot water system, for $2750

after rebates, which would cost $8930 if the

rebates were not available.

The government initiative also provides grants

to surf life saving clubs of up to $10,000 to install

a rainwater tank or undertake a larger watersaving

project.

The Solar Homes and Communities Plan will

change to the Solar Credits Scheme mid-way

through the year, but until then it is the governmentâ[#x20ac][TM]s

primary means of supporting the

installation of solar power systems. The plan

provides cash rebates for the installation of solar

photovoltaic systems on homes and community

use buildings.

Rebates under the plan come under a means

test with taxable family income having to be less

than $100,000. New systems can receive up to

$8000 towards their cost, depending on their

capacity, not having had a previous rebate and

being at the applicantâ[#x20ac][TM]s primary place of residence.

Extensions to old systems can receive

support of up to $5000.

Brett Sutherland, from renewable energy

specialist Solar Online, at Warners Bay, says a

one-kilowatt grid-feed solar system (where solar

panels on a roof feed power into the electricity

grid, and homeowners only pay for power used

in excess of the power produced) would, without

rebates, cost $12,000, but after taking all the

rebates and point of sale discounts available, the

price drops to about $3000. He has, in fact, special

offers from $2000 and $2500.

Once installed the system produces about 4.2

kw hours of power per day (an average house

would use about 15 to 20 a day), which would

mean that over a year householders would

save about $250 to $300 on their power bills,

increasing to about $950 a year once a planned

new national tariff is implemented.

The Solar Credits Scheme that will replace the

plan mid-year was announced late last year when

the Treasurer, Wayne Swan, said the Renewable

Energy Target would mean 20 per cent of

Australiaâ[#x20ac][TM]s electricity would be sourced from

renewables by 2020.

The Solar Credits work by allowing owners

of solar panels to earn five credits (called

Renewable Energy Certificates or RECs) for each

mega-watt of solar energy produced by their

panels. The RECs act as an up-front capital cost

subsidy worth around $7500 for purchasers of

solar PV systems.

The remote power generation program provides

that to get a grant, which can range up to

$200,000, an applicant must be more than one

kilometre from the electricity grid, or have a cost

to connect of more than $30,000, so although it

will not be applicable to the majority of homes in

the Hunter, Solar Onlineâ[#x20ac][TM]s Brett Sutherland says

it will be applicable to quite a few â[#x20ac]oeup around

Vacy and areas like thatâ[#x20ac].

Whatâ[#x20ac][TM]s on offer

ENERGY EFFICIENT HOMES

PACKAGE

This is a $3.9 billion package to improve the energy rating of Australian

homes, cutting energy waste, making them more comfortable and helping

households save up to 40 per cent on their electricity bills.

The Australian government is offering:

Free ceiling insulation worth up to $1600 to all eligible Australian home

owner-occupiers with little or no insulation, or

A $1600 rebate on costs of installing a solar hot water system; and

Help is available for eligible renters and landlords with a rebate of up to

$1000 on the costs of insulating their rental properties.

The insulation and solar hot water programs are not means tested.

Households can claim a reimbursement for installation since February

3. Guidelines for each of the programs and reimbursement application

forms are available at www.environment.gov.au/energyefficiency or by

calling 1800 808 571.

NATIONAL RAINWATER AND

GREYWATER INITIATIVE

As part of the $12.9 billion Water For The Future plan, this $250 million
initiative

aims to help people use water wisely in their everyday lives.

The Australian government is offering rebates of up to $500 for

households for either:

The purchase and installation of a new rainwater tank which is connected

for internal reuse of the water for the toilet and/or laundry, or

The purchase and installation of a permanent greywater treatment system.

Guidelines and application forms for the initiative are available from www.

environment.gov.au/water or by calling 1800 808 571.

SOLAR HOMES AND COMMUNITIES PLAN

The government is continuing to meet demand for the Solar Homes and

Communities Plan before changing to a new Solar Credits program in

mid-2009.

Under the plan:

New systems can receive up to $8000 depending on their capacity

and provided they havenâ[#x20ac][TM]t received a previous rebate

Extensions to old systems can receive support up to $5000 depending

on their capacity

Systems must be new, have a minimum capacity of 450 watts, be

located at a principal place of residence and be connected to or close

to the main grid

Rebates are provided for the first one kilowatt of a system only

Community use buildings can receive 50 per cent of the systemâ[#x20ac][TM]s cost

up to two kilowatts, and

For residential rebates household taxable family income must be less

than $100,000.

Information on how to apply is available online at www.environment.gov.

au/rebates or by calling 1800 808 571.

RENEWABLE REMOTE POWER GENERATION PROGRAM

This provides financial support to increase the use of renewable generation

in remote parts of Australia that presently rely on fossil fuel, typically a

diesel generator, for electricity supply. The grant requires the applicant to

be more than one kilomentre from the electricity grid (or have a cost to

connect of more than $30,000). Homes need to be permanently occupied

thus remote holiday homes are not eligible.

Under the program:

A residential and medium-scale plan provides rebates for households,

communities, not for profits, businesses, governments and other organisations

not close to a main electricity grid to support the installation of

renewable generation systems

Rebates of up to 50 per cent of eligible costs are available, up to a

maximum of $200,000;

A renewable energy water-pumping program provides rebates for the

renewable energy components of remote water pumps to a maximum

of $30,000 per property.

For more information, visit www.environment.gov.au/settlements/renewable/

rrpgp/index.html or call the Remote Power Infoline on 1300 137

880.

RENEWABLE ENERGY TARGET AND SOLAR CREDITS

The Australian government is committed to ensuring 20 per cent of

Australiaâ[#x20ac][TM]s electricity supply comes from renewable energy by 2020.

To deliver on this, the government is establishing an expanded national

Renewable Energy Target which will support households installing smallscale

solar, wind and hydro-electricity systems with Solar Credits.

Under Solar Credits households will be able to earn up to five times

the amount of Renewable Energy Certificates currently available

to the buyer for the first 1.5 kilowatts of new small systems over a

15-year life. Renewable Energy Certificates will act as an upfront

capital cost subsidy and will not be means tested.

The level of the subsidy will depend on a number of factors,

including the price of Renewable Energy Certificates on the

market, the location of the system, and its size.

Details on how to apply for Solar Credits will be provided prior

to commencement of the program in July.

More information: www.climatechange.gov.au/renewabletarget/

publications/pubs/fs-ret-solar-credits.pdf

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FOUR PHOTOS: HOT WATER: Solahart solar panels. SUN AND WATER: A home
with both solar panels and water tank. RIGHT THING: A home with solar hot water,
solar power, water tanks and a water-saving native garden and, below, ceiling
insulation. BREAKTHROUGH: Rheem heat pump.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Newcastle Newspapers Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              301 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Lincolnshire Echo

                           October 27, 2011 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Homeowners can receive grants to help pay for installing renewable heat systems

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 47

LENGTH: 250 words


Households across the country can now apply for a government grant of up to
£1,250 to help towards the cost of installing renewable heat systems. Called the
Renewable Heat Premium Payment Scheme, the programme is targeting households
without mains gas.

"We are keen to promote this funding to ensure as many rural households as
possible benefit from it before the funding ends in March 2012," said a
government spokesman. Eligible systems include biomass boilers, ground and air
source heat pumps, and solar thermal hot water systems. Funding is also
available to registered social landlords to improve their housing stock.

The scheme runs throughout Great Britain and focuses on homes not heated by
mains gas.

Grants for solar thermal are also available to households connected to the mains
gas grid.

Minimum energy efficiency criteria must be met before homes qualify for grants,
and households must monitor the performance of heating system.

The Renewable Heat Premium Payment Scheme is scheduled to end in March 2012, but
is cash limited.

Some £15 million has been set aside to help households and social landlords
under the scheme.

Once the money has been allocated, no further funding will be available. The
scheme is being run by the Energy Saving Trust on behalf of the Department of
Energy and Climate Change.

For details, visit the trust website at www.energysavingtrust.org.uk See next
week's Echo for a detailed evaluation of solar panels, as pondered by wildlife
filmmaker and columnist Sam Wardhan

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Renewable energy: Solar panels

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LIE


                        Copyright 2011 Lincolnshire Echo
                              All Rights Reserved


                              302 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             June 30, 2011 Thursday

34.000 More Farmers in the Kyrgyz Republic Will Benefit from Rehabilitation of
Irrigation Schemes

LENGTH: 607  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, June 30 -- The World Bank's Board of Directors today approved
Additional Financing in the amount of US$ 15 million for the Second On-farm
Irrigation Project (OIP-2) in the Kyrgyz Republic. The funding in the amount of
US$ 8.3 million is a highly concessional credit, while the US$ 6.7 million is a
grant. The goal of the additional financing is to help 34,000 farmers
country-wide with the rehabilitation and management of their irrigation systems
and contribute to higher agricultural productivity.

More than half of rural households in Kyrgyzstan are dependant to some extent on
crop and livestock sales, from which they earn more than a third of their
income. Irrigation is a critical input for profitable crop production in
Kyrgyzstan and therefore has a major influence on rural household incomes and on
food security. Many irrigation systems need to be rehabilitated, especially the
on-farm systems which are managed by water users themselves.

Since the mid-1990s the World Bank has been supporting the irrigation sector
with financing for irrigation and drainage (I&D) rehabilitation and with support
to the on-going reform to transfer the on-farm irrigation systems to Water Users
Associations (WUAs). Building on the success of this portfolio, the Additional
Financing will finance rehabilitation of I&D systems for around 18 WUAs on
34,800 hectares, directly benefitting 34,000 farmers. The project will finance
the repair of irrigation canals and hydraulic structures and the cleaning of
drains and reservoirs. In addition, the rehabilitation works will create
temporary jobs for around 700 people.

"Agriculture is the heart of the Kyrgyz economy; creating jobs and boosting
incomes, particularly in rural areas where most of the poor live, is critical in
the current post-crisis environment," says Alexander Kremer, Country Manager in
the Kyrgyz Republic. "We saw how our irrigation rehabilitation projects raised
farmers' crop yields by at least 15 percent, so of course we were delighted to
respond to the government's request to help another 34,000 families."

The project also finances training, equipment and capacity building for all 475
WUAs in Kyrgyzstan, which will benefit almost 285,000 water users. This support
will increase the capacity of WUAs to sustainably manage the on-farm irrigation
and drainage systems.

"This Project is important to sustain the progress made in the reform of the
irrigation sector," added David Meerbach, Task Team Leader for this Project. "
Water Users Associations became an essential institution for water management in
Kyrgyzstan, and the project will help the WUAs to improve the irrigation service
delivery to their members."

The additional financing for the OIP-2 will be implemented throughout four years
by the State Committee for Water Resources and Land Improvement of the Kyrgyz
Republic.

The World Bank's overall mission in the Kyrgyz Republic is to promote economic
growth, reduce poverty, and encourage a better quality of life. 45 percent of
the World Bank's assistance to the Kyrgyz Republic is in the form of grants. The
other 55 percent is in highly concessional credits - no interest, and only a
0.75 percent service charge. Credits are repayable in 40 years, including a
10-year grace period, while grants require no repayment. The financial
assistance to the Kyrgyz Republic since 1992 amounts to over 1 billion, in the
form of grants and highly concessional credits Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              303 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            June 29, 2011 Wednesday

34.000 More Farmers in the Kyrgyz Republic Will Benefit from Rehabilitation of
Irrigation Schemes

LENGTH: 607  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, June 29 -- The World Bank's Board of Directors today approved
Additional Financing in the amount of US$ 15 million for the Second On-farm
Irrigation Project (OIP-2) in the Kyrgyz Republic. The funding in the amount of
US$ 8.3 million is a highly concessional credit, while the US$ 6.7 million is a
grant. The goal of the additional financing is to help 34,000 farmers
country-wide with the rehabilitation and management of their irrigation systems
and contribute to higher agricultural productivity.

More than half of rural households in Kyrgyzstan are dependant to some extent on
crop and livestock sales, from which they earn more than a third of their
income. Irrigation is a critical input for profitable crop production in
Kyrgyzstan and therefore has a major influence on rural household incomes and on
food security. Many irrigation systems need to be rehabilitated, especially the
on-farm systems which are managed by water users themselves.

Since the mid-1990s the World Bank has been supporting the irrigation sector
with financing for irrigation and drainage (I&D) rehabilitation and with support
to the on-going reform to transfer the on-farm irrigation systems to Water Users
Associations (WUAs). Building on the success of this portfolio, the Additional
Financing will finance rehabilitation of I&D systems for around 18 WUAs on
34,800 hectares, directly benefitting 34,000 farmers. The project will finance
the repair of irrigation canals and hydraulic structures and the cleaning of
drains and reservoirs. In addition, the rehabilitation works will create
temporary jobs for around 700 people.

"Agriculture is the heart of the Kyrgyz economy; creating jobs and boosting
incomes, particularly in rural areas where most of the poor live, is critical in
the current post-crisis environment," says Alexander Kremer, Country Manager in
the Kyrgyz Republic. "We saw how our irrigation rehabilitation projects raised
farmers' crop yields by at least 15 percent, so of course we were delighted to
respond to the government's request to help another 34,000 families."

The project also finances training, equipment and capacity building for all 475
WUAs in Kyrgyzstan, which will benefit almost 285,000 water users. This support
will increase the capacity of WUAs to sustainably manage the on-farm irrigation
and drainage systems.

"This Project is important to sustain the progress made in the reform of the
irrigation sector," added David Meerbach, Task Team Leader for this Project. "
Water Users Associations became an essential institution for water management in
Kyrgyzstan, and the project will help the WUAs to improve the irrigation service
delivery to their members."

The additional financing for the OIP-2 will be implemented throughout four years
by the State Committee for Water Resources and Land Improvement of the Kyrgyz
Republic.

The World Bank's overall mission in the Kyrgyz Republic is to promote economic
growth, reduce poverty, and encourage a better quality of life. 45 percent of
the World Bank's assistance to the Kyrgyz Republic is in the form of grants. The
other 55 percent is in highly concessional credits - no interest, and only a
0.75 percent service charge. Credits are repayable in 40 years, including a
10-year grace period, while grants require no repayment. The financial
assistance to the Kyrgyz Republic since 1992 amounts to over 1 billion, in the
form of grants and highly concessional credits Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              304 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                            August 10, 1999, Tuesday

Hot water always on tap

SECTION: FEATURES; HOME; Pg. 28; AT HOME HEATING AND INSULATION

LENGTH: 268 words


The concept of heating water as it is required is not a new one, says Grant
Bull, of The Gas Company, in Durham Street, but recent electricity price rises
have encouraged people to consider it as an alternative to a hot-water cylinder.

An electric hot-water-storage cylinder keeps a large amount of water heated to a
high temperature, about 55deg, when usually the area where most hot water is
used, the bathroom, requires water at only about 40deg.

"So why heat and then store a lot of water at a temperature that it is never
going to be used at, and then mix it with cold water to cool it down again?"
says Mr Bull.

The Gas Company's Bosch and Rinnai continuous-flow gas hot-water systems heat
water as required.

Temperature-control pads ensure that the water is heated to the exact
temperature required.

The heater units can be mounted inside or outside, freeing the space taken by
the cylinder.

The Rinnai range of water heating options is also available from Rockgas, in
Byron Street.

The gas heating begins when the user turns a hot-water tap on.

Rockgas area manager Roger Syme estimates domestic savings of about 20 to 30 per
cent on the cost of electric water heating.

"You don't have to worry about running out of hot water," he says.

The Rinnai units must be installed and certified by a gas fitter. The gas is
stored in a Rockgas Homepack 45kg gas cylinder. The water temperature can be set
to the preferred level.

--------------------

CAPTION:

PHOTO: STACY SQUIRES The Gas Company director Steve Agnew demonstrates a Bosch
continuous-flow gas water heater.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 Fairfax New Zealand


                              305 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                 The Foothills Sun-Gazette (Exeter, California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 29, 2012

Rotary project provides clean water for town;
Rotary Clubs pilot project provides water filtration system to 49 rural Tulare
County homes near Dinuba

BYLINE: The Foothills Sun-Gazette staff

LENGTH: 411  words


Contaminated water in small communities in the Central Valley is a chronic
problem, complicated by isolated locations, politics and cost.

But thanks to the seed of an idea planted during a car ride, Rotary clubs in
Tulare County have developed a plan to provide water to one community and a
grand plan to grow the project and work toward a bigger solution.

The pilot project will begin in Monson, located near Dinuba in Tulare County,
providing under-the-sink water filtration systems to all 49 households.

Rotary clubs from Fresno to Carlsbad contributed a total of $15,000 to the
project. Beginning in early September, Ro-tarians will work with Monson families
to install the units and train them in how to check and replace filters. The
project is expected to be complete by early October.

Water will be tested before and after installation, and then tested again to
ensure the effectiveness of the filter. The families, all very low-income, will
also be provided with additional filters to help ensure ongoing access to safer
water.

Monson was chosen because it has just 49 households, so the Rotarians could
provide clean water to an entire community. In addition, each household is on
its own well, rather than a service, making the process less complicated.

"Rotary clubs worldwide have tackled water issues in countries such as Belize,
the Philippines, Africa and Nicaragua, but we have very serious water quality
issues right here at home," said Patrick Isher-wood, president of the Tulare
Sunrise Rotary Club.

"The water in Monson, and other rural communities, is not fit to drink, so
Rotarians are bringing our teamwork and resources to address the problem and
help families."

The next goal is to provide clean drinking water to the approximately 130
students of Stone Corral School, east of Visalia, within the next six months.

The grand plan is to apply for a Rotary International grant of $250,000 to help
more families and work toward finding a solution to the chronic water quality
problem.

"We will work through the Water & Sanitation Rotary Action Group to expand our
pilot project," noted Isherwood, a fiscal analyst with Self-Help Enterprises in
Visalia. "This would be the first Rotary International grant to fund water
-quality projects in California and we are very excited about being able to get
the money we need to help here in the Central Valley."

For information on the project, contact Patrick Isherwood at 802-1696;
patricki@selfhel-penterprises.org

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FSG

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2012 The Foothills Sun-Gazette


                              306 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                The Westmoreland Journal (King George, Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 1, 2015

Colonial Beach, Dewberry win nod for utility repair

BYLINE: The Westmoreland Journal staff

LENGTH: 771  words


Colonial Beach has won recognition for its creative financing to solve sewer
inflow and infiltration problems for the town.

Since 1990 the town has tried to find a solution to the high inflow and
infiltration of rain water into the municipal sewer system. During heavy rain
storms the town's wastewater treatment plant can become inundated with runoff,
which the town has to filter and sanitize before discharging.

The project project has grabbed the attention of the Virginia Section American
Water Works Association and the Virginia Water Environment Association.

To the average citizen its not as glamorous as it sounds, but to Colonial Beach
Town Manager Val

Foulds, having the I and I project's financing techniques, selected for
presentation at the 2015 Water JAM is music to her ears.

2015 Water JAM sounds like an aquatic mix of music and fun, but it has nothing
to do with music. WaterJAM is the Joint Annual Meeting of the Virginia Section
American Water Works Association and the Virginia Water Environment Association.

Since 2002, WaterJAM has provided numerous technical growth opportunities
covering the latest industrial trends, as well as a variety of social endeavors
for all attendees.

The Exhibit Hall features more than 175 exhibit booths and hands-on
demonstration trailers showcasing the latest in water and wastewater technology,
equipment and services.

Heather A. Campbell is a project manager for Dewberry, Colonial Beach's
consulting engineers. Campbell has been selected as a speaker for the 2015 Water
JAM Joint Annual Meeting to be held at the Virginia Beach Convention Center in
September.

Campbell submitted an abstract of the work and financial hardships facing
Colonial Beach with regards to inflow and infiltration. The paper is entitled
"No Budget to Fix I/I?: Techniques to Maximize Effect and Minimize Cost."

Campbell reported that in Campbell reported that in 1990, the town used federal
grant and loan funding to complete four projects to solve the problem.

However only marginal improvements were made, and it was discovered that the
completed projects had not targeted the areas with the greatest inflow and
infiltration.

The town hired Dewbery nearly a decade ago. The firm began investigating the
entire collection system based on pump station runtimes. The records identified
two drainage areas with the most inflow and infiltration. By using this data,
the town was allowed to save money. Dewberry worked with the town to complete
additional investigation to monitor the flow, using techniques such as smoke
tests, closed-circuit television inspections and manhole inceptions to determine
what repairs were needed.

After completion of the investigations, Dewberry assisted the town with seeking
a federal loan to rehabilitate, and in some cases replace, portions of the
sanitary sewer system.

"Getting grant financing for water and sewer projects are no longer an option
for. the Town of Colonial Beach because the median household income for Colonial
Beach, according to the US Census, is $45,739," Foulds said,

Last year extensive work took place to the sewer collection system within the
numbered streets in Colonial Beach.

"Another difficulty for us with financing including getting access to loans for
water projects is the fact that we do not currently meter household users,"
Folds said. "Of course we are in the process of changing that."

Dewberry identified several pipes that could be lined using a method that pushes
a soft liner into the pipes and then heats them with steam to harden the lining.

This method eliminated the need to dig up and replace pipes in several locations
within the project area. This lowered the cost of repairs and allowed the town
to properly repair all pipes in the project area.

"Getting the loan we did at the terms we did took a lot of collaboration and
timing with great support from USDA (Rural Development)," Foulds said. "It meant
all hands on deck from staff members as well as our consulting engineers to
deliver the paperwork needed and to meet the conditions required to get this low
rate."

Campbell reported that work on the numbered streets, was completed in 2014, and
the town has seen marked improvements to reducing the I and I.

Approximately 3.3 miles of gravity sewer were rehabilitated through trench-less
methods and the replacement of 1.2 miles of gravity sewer.

Campbell's presentation at 2015 WaterJAM will showcase cost-effective techniques
to identify high-priority areas of significant I/I and obtain the most "bank for
your buck" when choosing which areas to rehabilitate, as well as identify the
most cost-effective method of rehabilitation.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JWM

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2015 The Westmoreland Journal


                              307 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                           February 18, 2006 Saturday
                                 First Edition

How to make money from the green stuff;
Smart recycling of your waste can be as friendly to your wallet as it is to the
environment, says Helen Monks HOUSEHOLDERS CAN OBTAIN GRANTS OF pounds 400 TO
pounds 5,000 TO HELP WITH THE COST OF A WIND TURBINE

BYLINE: Helen Monks

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 675 words


This week the Government launches its review into how it plans to tackle the
growing problem of waste. The latest figures from the Department for the
Environment, Food and Rural Affairs show that more of us are recycling, but the
UK still has the worst record in Europe.

For 2003/04 the proportion of household waste recycled in England was 18 per
cent (for 2002/03 the figure was 14.5 per cent), but the Government wants us all
to recycle 25 per cent of our rubbish by 2005/06, to cut back on the 510kg of
waste we each produced last year and the 20.9 million tonnes sent to landfill.

Councils can be fined if recycling targets are not met, leaving us to foot the
bill. But if the threat of higher taxation and climate change aren't enough to
motivate us, perhaps the savings on offer will.

Water is precious and is likely to become increasingly expensive. You could cut
the amount of water used by your toilet and reduce your bill with Interflush
(pounds 19.90' www.in-terflush.co.uk), which allows you to use only what you
need when you flush.

The kit converts a standard, single-flushing WC siphon, where there is no
control over the volume of water flushed, to an inter-ruptible flushing siphon,
which gives you control over y the amount of water used.

A rain-harvesting system can also provide water for your toilets, washing
ma-chine and garden, potentially saving up to half of the water you use.

A cheap option recommended by Rainharvesting Systems (www.rainhar-vesting.co.uk'
0845 223 5430) is a large water butt with a pump, which fills with the rainwater
that runs off the roof and can then be used in garden taps, toilets and washing
machines. The company offers individual designs for homes and full instructions,
which, it says, means a confident plumber could install the system.

The most appropriate system depends on the size of your property, local rainfall
levels and individual needs. If your property is large, you might consider
investing in a below-ground, fully automated potable system (pounds
3,000-5,000).

A wind turbine could cut your electricity bill by up to 33 per cent, according
to the British Wind Energy Association (www.bwea.com' 020 76891960). The BWEA
points out, however, that while the wind is free, the means to extract the power
from it is not.

Depending on your home, its location and your requirements, roof turbines cost
between pounds 1,000 and pounds 8,000, including the costs of installation
(planning fees are approximately pounds 300). There will also be operation and
maintenance costs, which means that serious consideration must be given to
locating the turbine if you want to get the best performance from it.

Alison Hill, head of communications at BWEA, says: "There is growing interest
from consumers and it's still possible to get a government grant to help with
costs. The scheme is called Clear Skies, but this will change in the spring."

Householders can obtain grants of pounds 400 to pounds 5,000, but funds from
Clear Skies (www.clear-skies.org) are almost exhausted and only applications
received by post before 5pm on 3 March will be considered.

Small wind-energy installations require planning permission and consultation
with relevant stakeholders, including neighbours, about environmental
considerations, access to the site, noise and visual effect, but the BWEA says
that planning policies support household projects.

On a smaller scale, wormeries can provide an efficient system for converting
food waste into liquid feed and compost.

A wormery is a bin-like container divided up into a number of chambers, one of
which houses live tiger worms. Drop your daily kitchen waste, such as peelings,
food scraps, teabags, eggshells and even paper kitchen towels into the bin and
the worms will convert it into plant feed and compost, which can be run out from
a tap at the bottom.

Wormeries can cost as little as pounds 30. At websites such as
www.originalor-ganics.co.uk (01884 841515), you can find small wormeries
suitable for flats with window boxes and larger ones for family homes with
gardens.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Boxing clever: binmen collect the contents of green recycling crates in
north London TIMOTHY ALLEN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              308 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 9, 2013 Saturday

USPTO grants trade mark "SMART SHARE" to LG ELECTRONICS INC

LENGTH: 537  words

DATELINE: Alexandria


LG ELECTRONICS INC, has been granted trademark (4297178) titled as "SMART SHARE"
from the United States Patent and Trademark Office.


Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 011. US 013 021 023 031 034. G & S: Household Air cleaners; Air
washers in the nature of household air cleaners; Ionization apparatus for the
treatment of air; Electric Refrigerators; Refrigerators for kimchi; Electric
lightwave ovens for cooking, grilling and microwaving; Temperature controlled
electric wine cellars for household use; Electric cooking ovens; Electric
freezers; Electric laundry dryers; Gas ranges; Microwave ovens; Gas cook tops;
Electric ranges for household use; Air purifiers; Air conditioners; Hot air
apparatus, namely, hot-air space heating apparatus; Humidifiers; Electric
Dehumidifier for household use; Gas grills; Dish disinfectant apparatus for
household purposes; Water purifiers for household purposes; Electric water
purifiers for household use; Water ionizers; Water ionization apparatus for
household purposes; Water purifiers for household purposes; Water purifying
apparatus; Electric footwarmers; Water purification installations; Precision
filters for water treating; Water Desalination plants; Membrane apparatus for
purifying water; Membrane filters for water purifiers for household purposes;
Membrane filters for electric water purifiers for household use; Membrane
filters for water purifiers for industry; Membrane filters for water purifying
apparatus; Water purifying apparatus using Membrane filters; Water purifying
machines using Membrane filters; Water treatment equipment, namely, Membrane for
reverse osmosis units; Membrane filter apparatus for water treating;
Purification installations for sewage; Purification installations for wastewater
reclamation and reusing system; Wastewater purifying and treatment apparatus;
Filters for wastewater; Water purifiers for industry; Filters for water
purification installation; Membrane for water purifying apparatus; Solar
collectors; Solar water heaters; Street lamps; Safety lamps for underground use;
Germicidal lamps for purifying air; Neon lamps; Lanterns for lighting; vehicle
dynamo lamps.

Fittings for discharge lamps; Incandescent lamps; Incandescent lamp fittings;
Ultraviolet ray lamps not for medical purposes; Germicidal lamps; Chandeliers;
Water surface lamps; Mercury lamps; Aquarium lights; Spotlights; Arc lamps;
Safety lamps for underground use; Diving lights; Decoration lamps; Infrared
lamps; Electric torches for lighting; Fish gathering lamp; Ceiling lights;
Electric fairy lights for festive decoration; Electric lights for Christmas
trees; Standard lamps; Searchlights; Artificial solar lamp; Floodlights;
Fluorescent lamps; Flashlights; Lights for motorcycles; Automobile lights;
Reflectors for automobiles; Lamps for directional signals of automobiles;
Electric bulbs for directional signals of automobiles; Anti-dazzle devices for
automobiles in the nature of vehicle headlight fittings; Parts of lighting
apparatus, namely, lighting fixtures; Defrosters for automobiles; Air
conditioners for automobiles; Headlights for automobiles; Ventilation air
conditioning installations and apparatus for automobiles; Heaters for
automobiles

Filing

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              309 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Penrith Press (Fri)

                             March 24, 2006 Friday

BRIEFLY

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 184  words


Buy cornflowers

NATIONAL Motor Neurone Disease Week April 2-8 aims to raise awareness of the
illness. On Blue Cornflower Day, Friday, April 7, cornflowers can be bought from
a variety of outlets, with all proceeds going to help the Motor Neurone Disease
Association.

Grant for gamblers

NOT-FOR-PROFIT groups which can help problem gamblers and their families are
encouraged to apply for state funding through the Responsible Gambling Fund.
Gaming and Racing Minister Grant McBride said successful applicants would
receive 12-months funding from July with the option of renewal. Applications
close today. Details: 9995 0992.

Cashback incentive

A $150 CASHBACK is being given to residents who buy water efficient washing
machines. Premier Morris Iemma said applications will be available in stores in
Sydney, Illawarra and the Blue Mountains. The government also plans to cut the
red tape surrounding households from installing grey water re-use systems.
Regulations will change in the next month to allow households to divert their
bath and laundry water to a grey-water system without waiting for council
approval.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: FPP


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              310 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Pretoria News (South Africa)

                              May 02, 2011 Monday
                                   E1 Edition

Workers' battle far from won

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 654 words


Every year on May 1, workers around the world celebrate their victories,
remember their fallen heroes and recommit themselves to the fight for a better
life.

May Day is when we remind the world that workers' labour is the wheel around
which our world revolves.

It commemorates the historic struggles of working people, and is recognised in
every country except, ironically, the US and Canada, the countries where it all
started - in the fight for an eight-hour working day - in the 1880s.

It is important that as we mark May Day, we also take stock of the strides that
workers have made under our democratic government, more so this year as we
celebrate May Day on the |eve of local government elections on May 18. Under the
ANC government, the lives of thousands of South Africans have been improved.

l We have one of the world's most democratic constitutions, a bill of rights and
a constitutional court.

l More than 2.5 million houses have been built for the poor, giving shelter to
more than 10 million.

l Six million households have gained access to clean water since 1994 and
electricity has been connected to nearly five million homes.

l In 1994, 62 percent of households had access to clean drinking water - today
93 percent do.

l In 1994, only 50 percent of households had access to decent sanitation - today
77 percent do.

l In 1994, 36 percent had access to electricity - today 84 percent do.

l By 2010, 14.5 million people were receiving social grants. Of those, 9.5
million were children younger than 14 (compared with 2.4 million in 1996).

l This year, the child support grant will be extended to those up to the age of
18 - an additional two million.

l There has been a gradual and progressive reduction in the pension age for men,
from 65 to 60.

l The number of people on anti-retrovirals has increased, and a campaign was
launched to treat |15 million HIV-positive people by June, and to urge workers
to get tested.

These achievements are as much a product of a progressive government as they are
a product of a relentless working class struggle. However, the struggle for
workers did not end on April 27, 1994.

Contrary to the message spread by those who seek to pacify the working class in
this country, major struggles lie ahead for us. We have made major gains in
winning political and certain socio-economic rights, but in the absence of a
viable economic system that can reward those who produce the wealth of this
country, workers still need to mobilise on May Day and beyond for a just and
equitable society. It is illogical to speak of the right to food when a minority
of white South Africans have a monopoly over land in our country.

l We cannot speak of freedom of movement when fuel and transport costs rise
higher than the working class wage.

l We cannot speak of the right to health care when only a rich minority benefit
from a state-of-the-art health system while many of us languish in the public
health care system with long queues, shortage of equipment and supplies, and
filthy wards.

l We cannot speak of the right to life when so many mothers die while giving
birth and so many children die at the hands of our public health system.

l We cannot speak of the right to education when many black children learn in an
unsafe, filthy and dilapidated environment.

Despite the inroads made by the ANC government in providing millions of South
Africans with decent housing, millions of families still live in shacks. The
poor are subjected to an inefficient and unsafe public transport system. We
should not be surprised when communities take to the streets to demand better
services.

The murder of Andries Tatane in Ficksburg starkly revealed the ruthless way in
which poor communities are repressed when they march for better services. This
May Day must also be dedicated towards challenging those who seek to tear apart
the moral fibre of our society through corrupt activities.

l Vavi is Cosatu general secretary.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PN


                Copyright 2011 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              311 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                              April 6, 2015 Monday

What to expect in your first bill from Irish Water;
Irish Water is posting out its first bills   37,000 of them each day. The
envelope will contain a summary of the charges as they apply to you, water
-saving tips and an incentive to register

BYLINE: Conor Pope

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1125 words


Late last month, Pricewatch had the dubious honour of getting one of the very
first Irish Water bills to be printed. And it was hand-delivered by Elizabeth
Arnett, the public face of Irish Water.

In the days since, we have looked in some bafflement at the unfamiliar - and
thankfully dummy - bill. Tens of thousands of people will have done likewise,
except their bills will be very real.

Last Wednesday Irish Water started sending out its very first bills. The utility
will print and post 37,000 bills each and every night for the next eight weeks.

That sounds like a lot, but there are a lot of people who need to be billed:
more than 1.7 million homes will get an envelope from Irish Water through their
letterboxes between now and mid-June.

As the number of bills grows, so will furious calls to Liveline and to the Irish
Water helpdesk, which will provide 750 people to answer queries. Some people
will have been billed too much, and some people wrongly billed or billed twice.
And some will be billed for undrinkable water.

The utility expects mistakes, and Arnett is engaging in pre-emptive damage
control. "We will get a lot of contacts in the weeks ahead," she says. "This is
a brand new system, and of course there are going to be errors. Some will be
simple and easy to resolve, but still unacceptable. There will be bills sent to
people who are on boil-water notices, and there will be people who get a bill
that they should not get. But when you set up a system from scratch, such errors
are inevitable."

A somewhat antiquated postal system will be at the root of many mistakes. We are
about a century behind other countries because of our lack of postcodes. About
40 per cent of the addresses in the State are not unique. This is going to lead
to a lot of duplicates being sent out.

"It is going to take a couple of bill cycles to get it right. The system is
working, and it is producing the right bills, but if the information is wrong -
and it could be - then there will be errors," says Arnett.

Past error

s

She is not only anticipating future errors but admitting to past ones. "There is
no doubt we got things wrong," she says.

One of the first mistakes was how the utility handled revelations that it spent
EUR 86 million on consultants during its set-up phase. "People had issues with
the word 'consultant'," Arnett says, but she is unapologetic. "They were
third-party service providers who were brought in on a temporary basis to get
things done. We built a utility from scratch and for less than it cost Thames
Water to implement one single system for their operations."

But she believes the company has not sold its core message properly. "We have
not talked enough about the service we plan to provide and the necessary
infrastructural improvements that we will be making. Every single day, people
use our services and trust that the service we provide will work. And it does
work.

"But we have not explained that the charges are for an essential service, and we
will use it to invest in infrastructure and maintain that service. We still have
44 towns discharging raw sewage into the sea. This is the 21st century, and this
is something we have to fix," she says.

On that score she is probably right. A massive investment of EUR 5.5 billion is
needed between now and 2021 to ensure Ireland's water supply is fit for purpose.
That might be small beer compared to the sums the State blew on bailing out the
banks, but it is has to come from somewhere. And that somewhere is us.

When asked if Irish Water blames its political masters for turning it into a
touchstone for anti-austerity sentiment and then running away - or at least
trying to - when things got tough, Arnett is nothing if not diplomatic. "You
might say that but I couldn't," she says. "I couldn't say we are completely
innocent. Last October when people needed information, we were not responding to
them. And that is not acceptable. The timing of the set-up wasn't great, and it
was seen as the last additional measure of the austerity era, that is true.

"We have so much work to do ourselves, and, most importantly, we have to make
sure people understand these bills are for a vital service. It is not a tax. We
have to front up as a utility, and we have to build a good relationship with our
customers. We have two-thirds of homes signed up already, and when they get the
bills I think they will start to see the benefits."

That seems like wishful thinking. But what will the new bills look like? Well,
like any other utility bill, really.

If you use the public system for waste water and drinking water and have told
the utility that you live in a two-adult household - or if you have told them
nothing at all - then you will be asked to pay EUR 65 and given 14 days to do
so. If you are a one-adult household, then you will pay half that. An annual
water conservation grant of EUR 100 will be available to everyone who registers
with Irish Water by the end of June. It is the only carrot the utility has.

Well, there is also the chance to "beat the cap". Officially, the cost of water
per 1,000 litres will be EUR 3.70. But when allowances and the caps are included
for a family of four using an average supply of water, it costs EUR 0.89 for
every 1,000 litres.

Arnett says that 30 per cent of people are using less than EUR 65 worth of water
each quarter, while another 20 per cent are close to beating it. But how would
you know? If you had your metre installed last year it will have been read in
early January and a breakdown of your usage will be carried on the second page
of the bill and displayed in cubic metres, with one cubic metre equalling 1,000
litres of water.

Water Conservation Grant Water charges for a two-adult home will be capped at
EUR 260 until the end of 2018, while a one-adult household will pay a maximum of
EUR 160. From this, a Water Conservation Grant of EUR 100 will be subtracted
once you register with Irish Water before June 30th. If a household does not
register, then it will be hit with the full bill of EUR 260, however many adults
live in the home. A single person who does not register will be liable for a
charge of EUR 260, as opposed to EUR 60.

Irish Water will also send out a booklet with each of the first raft of bills.
It includes tips such as "have a shower instead of a bath" and "remember to turn
off the tap when brushing your teeth". It also contains a painstaking breakdown
of what the bill contains, and all the key phrases are in bold. Many of those
phrases remind people that they won't qualify for the water conservation grant
unless they register with Irish Water and they will be hit with the full EUR 260
charge unless they contact the company.

Because Irish Water really, really wants you to contact them.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              312 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily News (South Africa)

                             June 26, 2012 Tuesday
                                   E2 Edition

Houses have taps and toilets - but no water

BYLINE:  Michael Mpofu

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 293 words


SEVERAL housing projects in the Eastern Cape have taps and toilets, but no
water, because the bulk infrastructure to pipe water and sewage to and from the
houses has not been installed.

The Department of Human Settlements has blamed a lack of infrastructure,
incompetent contractors and budgetary constraints for the delays and says R796
million is needed, although it has only just over R62m for the next few years.

Minister of Human Settlements Tokyo Sexwale - who was responding in writing to a
parliamentary question - said not only were the funds for the RDP projects "not
sufficient to provide the bulk services required", but the installation of
sewerage systems could not begin if the bulk infrastructure was not available.

Projects in municipalities such as Sakhisizwe, Lukhanji, Engcobo and Intsika
Yethu in the Chris Hani District of the Eastern Cape were without sanitation
services.

DA human settlements spokesman, Stevens Mokgalapa, said the state of the
projects was "unacceptable". He saw the extent of the poor delivery when
visiting the Eastern Cape.

"There is a lack of basic services. There is no sanitation. In some instances,
they are still using the bucket system," he added.

Mokgalapa said funds |were available, but "the municipalities don't use them for
|the right purposes".

He said special funding for informal and rural settlements such as the Urban
Development Grant and the Rural Household Infrastructure Grant had been made
available specifically for the improvement of sanitation infrastructure in such
areas.

Mokgalapa said R257m had been made available under these grants last year, but
the province had used only 20 percent of its allocation, "while the backlog in
sanitation stands at around 2.4 million (households) nationally".

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ND


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              313 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Japan Times

                          November 25, 2009, Wednesday

Old and new methods boost sales for green MED

LENGTH: 1200 words


Keisuke Okada, Staff writer

With the growing public awareness of climate change as the catalyst, sales of
MED Communications Co.'s household electrical goods are thriving.

"Our company is almost 100 percent free from the repercussions of the current
economic slowdown, triggered by the Lehman Brothers fiasco in the fall of last
year. Rather, we are riding on the upswing of the market," said Hiroyasu Sasaki,
president of the Tokyo-based firm.

Sasaki isn't exaggerating. MED Communication's sales leaped more than 50 percent
to Yen 4.95 billion in the latest business year ended in October, from Yen 3.26
billion the year before.

His company sells three essential items for environmentally friendly households:
a solar power generation system, a heat-pump water heater and an electric
stove-top range that uses an induction heating mechanism.

Of its three main products, which the company sells door to door, the solar
power system is the largest source of revenue, accounting for nearly 50 percent
of annual sales.

MED Communications has more than quadrupled installations of the solar power
unit to 1,020 this year from 221 a year ago.

According to Sasaki, 41, the company's most popular household solar power unit
can generate 3 kw and costs Yen 2.1 million, including installation. Depending
on the shape and condition of the roof, an additional installation fee of Yen
300,000 to Yen 500,000 is required.

Asked whether the system pays for itself over the long term, Sasaki responds:
"Yes, it does in many ways. First, we can contribute to the mitigation of global
warming. We can satisfy our urge to save the Earth and hand over a better
environment to our descendants. "Second, we can live a safe, secure and
comfortable life, and third, the investment makes sense in terms of cost
performance," he added.

For ordinary households, that remains the biggest factor in determining whether
people put up solar panels.

Government and industry data show the cost of household solar power generation
has dropped dramatically from Yen 4 million per kilowatt in the early 1990s to
about Yen 700,000 today. Technological improvements keep pushing the efficiency
of the systems higher, while manufacturers strive to lower costs and prices
through mass production. For a household to recoup its initial installation
costs within 10 years, rather than the current 15 years or more, experts say the
systems should cost no more than Yen 450,000.

Sasaki pointed out, however, that public subsidies aimed at encouraging solar
power generation are helping to lower the cost to the consumer. Currently, the
national government offers Yen 70,000 per kilowatt for households that install
solar power systems. In addition, the Tokyo Metropolitan Government offers
grants of Yen 100,000 for the systems. "If you install a 3-kw system in your
house, you qualify for both the national and the Tokyo government subsidies
worth half a million yen. Many cities provide their own incentives," he added.

Another boost to household solar power came Nov. 1 when the government launched
a program that enables power companies to purchase surplus electricity produced
by solar power generation systems installed in homes at above-market rates.

According to one estimate, a household with the system can recoup its initial
investment in roughly eight years if the buyer takes advantage of the full range
of subsidies.

On the strength of this tail wind, MED Communications is stepping up its sales
efforts, encouraging prospective customers to install its solar power system
together with a heat-pump water heater and electric range under the company's
"all-electric drive."

"Practically, a household can bring its heating and lighting costs close to
zero, while paying off the initial cost for equipment in 10 to 15 years. With
the proper 'eco-mindset,' even water bills go down in most cases," he said.

While environmentally friendly products are available from large electric
appliance retailers, local home builders and smaller neighborhood shops,
Sasaki's firm maintains a door-to-door sales approach.

"Our sales method is very simple and classic. We find prospective customers
through telephone solicitors and our salespeople visit those who show interest
in the equipment," he said.

The merit of home visits, according to Sasaki, is that sales people are able to
talk in detail with prospective customers about the benefits of the products and
how they can meet their specific needs and lifestyle.

Sasaki acknowledges that this approach can lead to a "hard sell" attitude. In
2003, the firm was reprimanded by the Tokyo government's consumer protection
watchdog for its aggressive sales tactics for water purifiers, MED's main
business. "I was a managing director in charges of sales at that time. I did
learn a bitter lesson from that disgraceful failure. We wiped out the bad
elements from the sales force and streamlined the firm's entire operation to
make a new start," he said.

To ensure full legal compliance, the firm introduced a system in which senior
employees confirm prospective customers' willingness to have sales staff visit
their homes after a telephone solicitor ascertains their initial interest. This
helps to determine whether sales staff have acted appropriately.

"With these compliance measures, we were able reduce cases of problems with
customers to near zero. If any, the (remaining) troubles are mostly glitches
related to the installation of equipment, which we can fix," he said.

Sasaki said that despite consumers' sometimes deserved suspicion of door-to-door
sales, he still believes in the approach.

"The crux of sales promotion, whatever turf your business is in, is how to win a
customer's trust in a salesman," he said. "To do this, empathy and information
are the two basic factors.

"(We) listen to what a customer really needs and inform the customer how we can
serve him or her with our goods and services. That's the basics of sales
activities. The face-to-face sales approach is the best as far as our business
is concerned," he said.

Sasaki was thus excited by the fact that about 1,500 young men and women applied
for the firm's mid-career recruitment of 20 salespeople last February.

"In the past, if we hired 100 people, we soon lost 120. Now, we are able to hire
capable youths as our sales force," Sasaki said.

To his surprise, more women than men applied. He hired 15 women for the 20
positions. He went further in May, setting up a new sales office in Yokohama
staffed exclusively by the newly employed women. The office is producing
unexpectedly good results, he said.

Sasaki has been at the forefront of sales activities since he joined the firm at
the age of 25. The success of the women-only sales office was an eye-opener for
Sasaki.

He said he decided to boost the share of women in the firm's sales force to 50
percent from the present 10 percent by the year 2012.

"Like it or not, I sense that 2010 will be the year for women to outshine men."

This series has been prepared in collaboration with Enjin Co., which produces
and operates a video Web site, kenja.tv, specializing in profiles of
up-and-coming Japanese entrepreneurs.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2009 The Japan Times Ltd.


                              314 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                               November 23, 2014

Can rowbacks stem the tide of protest?

SECTION: HOME

LENGTH: 1273 words


Water charges have always been a numbers game. Because the price was too high,
the numbers of protesters on the street went up. Now that the price has gone
own, will the numbers on the street for the protest march on December 10 fall
too?

That is the key test for the government, which has done everything in its power
to get rid of the albatross of Irish Water around its neck - bar abolishing it.

There were ten U-turns in policy announced during the week, with the price, the
charging date, the sanctions and the PPS numbers just some of the key ones.

Previously, the government and Irish Water seemed to be shying away from telling
people how bad the water system was. Last week, environment minister Alan Kelly
and fellow ministers were queuing up to talk about the 42 towns which were
pumping their raw sewage into rivers and seas every day.

Eight of these towns, including Youghal, Clifden and Bundoran - are due to get
sewage treatment plants in the next two years. But others will have to hope they
will be included in Irish Water's 25-year capital investment plan, due to be
announced next year.

But because water charges have caused such damage to the government's standing,
there is still great uncertainty among coalition backbenchers about how this
will be received.

**The idle water meters**

In European countries, the introduction of water meters has led to a reduction
in water consumption of up to 15 per cent per household. But the water meters
here are being put on hold with the imposition of a flat charge until 2019. The
government went to great lengths to insist that this did not mean that the EUR
539 million water metering programme was a waste.

Kelly said the meters would be used to find the household leaks, such as those
in the 22 houses which were wasting enough water to supply the town of Gorey.
But household leaks account for only 13 per cent of the astonishing 48 per cent
leakage rate, with the rest in the general water pipe network. Irish Water would
have been able to reduce leaks without water meters being installed.

The government's other environmental defence is that its universal EUR 100
water conservation grant   can be used to install dual flush toilets and replace
dripping taps. But it is a simple cash payment which can be spent on anything.
Another government argument is that householders can still    beat the flat
charge   by getting a refund if they use less on their meter. If this is true,
then Irish Water's revenue could be under further threat.

Ervia's commercial and regulatory director Brendan Murphy insisted that the
meters would save families money

Around one third of families will be under the cap straight away, and with a 10
to 15 per cent reduction in consumption, another 15 per cent population will be
under the cap,   he said.

Irish Water has been unable to provide specific figures about whether families
would save only a marginal or signficiant amount of cash - which will be the key
determinant in influencing their behaviour.

But Murphy also said that the use of meters to find household leaks would reduce
the need to build new water treatment plants.

We reckon that at least 13 per cent of leakage is domestic and that half of that
can be saved with the meters. There's a very small percentage of houses leaking
enormous amounts of water,   he said.

Ultimately of course, the water meters will be used in 2019, when the water
regulator is given control of charges once more.

**Keeping Irish Water off the books**

The government's key justification for not scrapping Irish Water is that it can
borrow the funds needed to improve the creaking water infrastructure.
Governments of all parties have failed to provide enough money in the past
because more publicly visible infrastructure like schools, hospitals and roads
always get priority.

Irish Water's borrowings for new water infrastructure will not form part of the
government debt, although as Independent TD Róisín Shortall pointed out, it will
ultimately be consumers who will pay it back through their water charges.

But Irish Water will only stay off the books if Eurostat - the EU version of the
Central Statistics Office - says so. It has to be satisfied that the new water
charging structure has passed the EU's market corporation test, which requires
over 50 per cent of revenue to come from customers.

The government maintains that only 44 per cent of Irish Water's EUR 900 million
revenue stream next year is coming from state coffers, with the remaining 56 per
cent coming from charges on households and businesses.

But to satisfy the test, it has performed some accounting tricks. Irish Water
has been exempted from paying commercial rates to councils on its offices and
waste water treatment plants. This is worth EUR 59 million, which the government
is going to pay back to councils.

There is no guarantee that Eurostat will accept this, given that commercial
entities such as Irish Water generally have to pay rates.

It is fear of Eurostat that was behind the government's decision to use the
Department of Social Protection to give out the EUR 100 water grant to every
household

The most efficient way would have been simply to hand over the money to Irish
Water and ask them to knock it off the bill. But this would have increased the
level of state support under Eurostat rules and could have resulted in it
failing the market corporation test.

Fianna Fáil TD Eamon - Cuív, a former minister for social protection, estimated
that up to 5 per cent of the EUR 130 million water grant funding would go on
administration.

He may not be far wrong.

The department last year spent around 3 per cent of its EUR 20 billion budget on
administration. A similar administrative cost for giving the EUR 100 water grant
to 1.3 million households would amount to EUR 3.9 million.

Eurostat's verdict is expected next April. If it rules that Irish Water should
go back on the government's balance sheet, the government would then have to
find another EUR 500 million in tax increases or spending cuts in its 2015
budget. That would be a huge political embarrassment.

**Giving more encouragement to the 'Risen People'**

The risk to the government is that its giant U-turn on water charges will
embolden other groups. First up are the 27,000 secondary school teachers, who
have announced a one-day strike on December 2 and another one in January, over
the Junior Cert reforms.

Education Minister Jan O'Sullivan met the ASTI and TUI again last week, but so
far the strike is still going ahead.

But a government source said that the teachers might be doing more damage than
good to their cause with the strikes, given the possibility of a backlash from
parents of the students who will be affected.

It has also been noted in government circles that even though there was an 84
per cent majority in favour of a strike among ASTI members, there was only a 48
per cent turnout based on the number of postal ballots returned. The normal
trade union rule of thumb is that you need at least 66 per cent turnout to
ensure that enough of the members are fully behind the strike.

The planned strike will be followed by the Right2Water march on December 10.

Fianna Fáil chief whip Sean - Fearghail said he believed that the opposition to
Irish Water would continue.

A number of people in the middle ground will say these charges are now more
modest. But the U-turn we're now seeing raises huge credibility problems for the
government,   he said.

The government has insisted that there will be no more U-turns.

One senior Labour minister told an opposition backbencher last week:    If this
doesn't wash with the public, there'll be an election.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Post Publications Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              315 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                           February 15, 2007 Thursday

Downs goes to high-tech meter reading

BYLINE: Deanna Cheney For the Ruidoso News

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 579 words


RUIDOSO DOWNS - Maintaining its record as a city of firsts, Ruidoso Downs City
Councilors Monday voted to move forward installing city-wide the state's first
full radio read municipal metering system for water.

The new system, described as "cutting edge," and a "pilot project for the
state," is expected to help improve customer service and accuracy in billing; to
improve leak detection; to help settle consumption disputes, and to allow both
the city and its residents to monitor usage.

The system is to be paid for with a $200,000 grant awarded from Governor Bill
Richardson's Innovation Fund and with $30,660 from the city's Water Sewer
Improvement Fund. It is expected to be online within city limits by June 2007 at
no cost to residential and commercial customers, John Waters, city manager said.

"It's a cool thing," Waters told councilors of the advanced technology. "It's an
incredible tool for water conservation. It will put us at the forefront of the
water industry and meter-reading."

In addition to benefits for customers of city water, Waters said Radio Read will
vastly improve the amount of time staff must currently spend to read meters each
month.

In the past, a crew of 3-4 "spent days reading meters.We anticipate the new plan
will allow all meters to be read at all times in less than one day," he said.

Waters explained that a Firefly unit is to be interfaced with existing water
meters under the new system. The units reads their companion water meter by way
of an optic sensor then transmits readings over a radio frequency to a city
reader's hand-held unit as they drive or walk by.

The meters allow for consumption information also to be stored and retrieved for
analysis at any time.

"This is helpful in those cases where a homeowner claims that he has been billed
for water he couldn't possibly have used because he was out of town," Waters
said. "Water theft has been known to happen."

In addition to the new radio units, Waters said a type of magnet will be
distributed in the city that residents can keep inside their house to obtain
readings from the Firefly situated outdoors.

"They can read this monitor to gauge how much water was just consumed by a
member of the household taking a shower," he explained. "It will help 'end
users' keep to their budgets and help them comply with conservation
requirements."

He noted that the Village of Ruidoso has about 5 percent of its households on
the FireFly radio system but said, "They are like some other towns in the state
in that not everyone is on the system, and in that they do not offer the indoor
monitors to their customers.

"Still, what they have installed is testing positive," Waters said.

Councilors awarded the bid to install Radio Reads to Data-matic, Ltd. of Plano,
Texas.

Previously, Ruidoso Downs councilors were the first to pass a ban on dishwashing
detergents containing phosphorous and was the first in Lincoln County to
establish ordinances governing tattoo and body art parlors and sexually-oriented
businesses, such as gentlemen's clubs.

In other water matters on the agenda Monday, council awarded an RFP for
professional legal services on water rights issues to White, Koch, Kelly and
McCarthy.

"We're bringing in the 'big guns' to help us with our water rights activity,"
John Waters said. "We have some opposition to some water rights acquisitions we
have out there, particularly in the Hondo valley, so we want to be able to
utilize professional services when we go into our hearings."

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              316 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Malvern Gazette

                           December 7, 2011 Wednesday

Citizens Advice Bureau

SECTION: COMMUNITY NEWS

LENGTH: 327 words


I'M looking for ways to cut my gas and electricity bills before the winter sets
in, and I've heard there are government grants available to make your home more
energy efficient. Do you have any details?

At the moment, half of the UK's carbon emissions come from the energy used to
generate heat. As a result, a switch to low carbon heating is vital to meet the
UK's carbon targets.

A new Government scheme, which runs until March 31, 2012, has been set up to
help people install green energy heating systems. The scheme is particularly for
those households who don't have mains gas heating. You can get grants for the
following amounts, for the following products: · a ground source or water source
heat pump - £1,250 (for homes without mains gas heating) · a biomass boiler -
£950 (for homes without mains gas heating) · an air source heat pump - £850 (for
homes without mains gas heating) · solar thermal hot water panels - £300
(available to all households).

The scheme for householders is mainly aimed at the 5.5 million households in
Great Britain not heated by mains gas. Rather than mains gas, these households
have to rely on expensive and higher carbon forms of heating such as heating oil
and electric fires to keep warm. To qualify, householders will need to ensure
they have basic energy efficiency measures in place before they apply.

Up to 25,000 new installations will be supported over the next year. The grants
will be given out on a first-come, first-served basis, and providers of social
housing can also apply. For more information, including how to register early,
visit: www.directgov.uk or call the Energy Saving Trust on 0800 512 012.

For more advice on getting the best energy deal, or help if you're struggling to
pay gas and electricity bills, go to the Citizens Advice website
www.adviceguide.org.uk .

Malvern CAB is open: Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday 10am-4pm, Wednesday
(Specialist Debt Advice - by appointment). Tel: 01684 563611.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              317 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           February 4, 2009 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Insulation from crisis;
HOUSING - ECONOMIC MEDICINE

BYLINE: John Breusch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 550 words


The beleaguered housing industry has been handed a $10.5 billion leg up as the
Rudd government tries to revive activity by investing in new construction and
improving the energy efficiency of existing homes.

The government's plan includes $6 billion over four years to build 20,000 new
community and public dwellings and $252 million for 802 new defence homes.

And supporting the government's push to cut greenhouse gas emissions, $2.7
billion will be spent installing insulation in about 2.2 million existing homes,
an extra $612 million doubling an existing rental property insulation scheme and
$507 million expanding a solar hot water rebate.

But the government resisted industry pressure to maintain the recently expanded
first-home buyers grant beyond June 30, amid concerns any extension could remove
the urgency for potential buyers to make a purchase.

The great majority of the stimulus package's housing construction program will
be completed by the end of next year. It includes bringing forward the building
of about 2300 social dwellings that are already planned and approved, plus a
tender for new construction projects.

State governments will also receive $400 million over two years to upgrade
existing public housing.

Owner-occupiers who do not have ceiling insulation will, until the end of 2011,
be able to claim cash grants of up to $1600 to install batts in their roofs -
meaning every home in the country should have an energy rating of at least two
stars.

Fletcher Insulation marketing manager Peter Ruz said given ceiling insulation
normally costs about $10 a square metre - about $5 a square metre for batts and
a similar amount for installation - the $1600 cap should mean about "90 per cent
to 95 per cent" of jobs could be completed at no cost to the owner.

Insulation is frequently cited as one of the cheapest ways to cut greenhouse gas
emissions and its installation should mean many households would end up saving
money on heating and cooling bills.

It also offers the potential to offset the pitfalls of soaring energy demand, on
show recently as the electricity grid struggled to cope with increased
air-conditioning use during the recent heat wave in south-eastern Australia.

Prime Minister Kevin Rudd claimed the government's plan should save the average
household about $200 a year in reduced energy bills while cutting greenhouse gas
emissions by almost 50 million tonnes by 2020 - the equivalent of removing one
million cars off the road.

"The government's advice has been that the single most effective measure in
terms of household energy efficiency is insulation," he said.

The government has also doubled to $1000 the rebate for landlords to install
insulation in rental properties.

However, the original rental program, which was an election promise, is yet to
come into force.

The government has also raised from $1000 to $1600 its existing solar hot water
rebate, which helps households with an electric hot water systems to upgrade to
solar.

While anyone who previously accessed the solar hot water rebate will be able to
apply for the insulation grant, households which have neither ceiling insulation
nor solar hot water will be have to choose between the two programs.

But despite the assistance for households, the package included nothing for
commercial buildings.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Insulation subsidies for dwellings will help the housing sector
as well as cut greenhouse gas emissions. Photo: CRAIG ABRAHAM

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2009 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              318 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Hebden Bridge Times

                                 March 19, 2009

Phil's so thrilled with solar heat

BYLINE: Staff Copy

LENGTH: 476 words



HIGHLIGHT: IN the second of our monthly features about local people's
experiences of investing in renewable energy production, we talk to Phil Knowles
of Blackshaw Head who heats water using solar thermal panels.


Phil is a member of Blackshaw Environment Action Team (BEAT) and his conversion
to solar hot water came about through his work with this active community
group."One of our aims is to encourage, advise and assist people looking into
renewable energies," said Phil."We carried out a survey of the 370 households in
Blackshaw Head to get a sense of the level of interest in renewables and the
extent to which people were taking steps to reduce their energy requirements.
The results were interesting and people mentioned wind turbines, solar energy
and ground source heating pumps. People were concerned about their energy
security, particularly living where we do on the tops.

We are often one of the last places to be switched back on if there is a power
cut," he said.A series of meetings and a detailed application process later, 10
households received a £20,000 government grant towards the cost of buying and
installing the equipment to provide hot water using solar energy - half the cost
of the overall project."It worked well for us because we live in a small
terraced house with little garden so once we had looked at insulation, low
energy light bulbs and energy efficient domestic appliances we didn't have other
options for cutting our energy use. But our house is south facing with no trees
behind to block the light so we went down the solar thermal route."The
installation was done over three days, was relatively hassle free, and Phil has
been really happy with the results."I would certainly recommend it to anyone.
There is something very pleasant about turning on a hot tap and thinking the sun
has done that for you. Utilising clean, natural energy is a good feeling."The
first summer the equipment was in use, Phil's home had constant hot water from
June to September. Since then the summers have been less sunny and so he has had
to use his LPG gas boiler on occasions. The system works well even during the
winter, on a sunny day the water heats to about 40 degrees C, so he tops up the
temperature for 15 minutes or so if someone wants to take a shower. But Phil is
clear that saving money was not an objective when he decided to make the change.
Reducing carbon use, not cost, was the prime concern, he says.Phil is
disappointed that the funding programme for this kind of project has changed
since he did the work. The new system, he says, is less generous and seems more
geared towards larger scale projects rather than domestic, community schemes
like the one at Blackshaw Head."It seems like a retrograde step when we are
trying to encourage people to reduce their carbon footprints. Lots of people up
here are taking steps. Quite a lot of wind turbines have been installed and
people are looking at ground source and biomass heating as well. The grants
should be helping to encourage individual households to do this kind of thing.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HEBD


                       Copyright 2009 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              319 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                             March 4, 2008 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Saving the planet with grey pride;
The older generation are pioneers in making homes more eco-friendly, says Yvonne
Cook

BYLINE: Yvonne Cook

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 48

LENGTH: 1503 words


Think of trendsetters and you think young. But in one new lifestyle trend, it is
age that is leading the way. Meet Britain's low carbon pioneers: a dedicated
group of largely middle-aged or retired people who are installing renewable and
low-carbon technologies to heat or power their homes.

The so-called "grey-greens" are leading the way in doing what the Government
needs many more of us to do if the UK is to get anywhere near current targets
for cutting domestic carbon emissions which contribute to global warming. But,
new research suggests, a lot more needs to be done to persuade the rest of us to
follow these pioneers.

A team from the Open University's Design Innovation Group, working with the
government-backed Energy Saving Trust, has just completed the largest survey to
date of UK households which have installed, or are considering, so-called
microgeneration systems to heat their homes.

The survey, supported by the Carbon Connections programme which links UK
universities and industry in the search to reduce carbon emissions, covered
solar water heating, ground-source heat-pumps and wood-burning stoves and
boilers. A previous study, published by the same OU team in December as part of
a project looking at how the design of microgeneration systems can be improved,
also included solar photovoltaic (PV) panels and micro-wind turbines, used for
generating electricity. One of the research group's aims is to find out why,
despite government support, the number of people adopting low-carbon
technologies in the UK is so low.

"Government figures suggest that in 2005 there were about 82,000 UK households
adopting microgeneration technologies, out of about 25 million households in
total," says Robin Roy, the professor of design and environment who is leading
the OU research team. "We lag behind the rest of Europe - the UK has only 2 per
cent of the European market share of solar thermal water heaters, for example."

The few who are adopting these technologies are older, middle-class
professionals - 71 per cent of those installing microgeneration heating systems
are over 45, and one-quarter are retired - who are highly motivated and
determined to be green. And they need to be, because they face a number of
hurdles.

Cost is the most obvious. "These systems do save you money, but the payback
periods can be quite long," says Roy. "Although this does depend on energy
prices - with prices rising, payback time will be reduced."

Solar water heating is by far the most popular of all the technologies chosen by
the pioneers. It currently costs £3,000 to £4,000 to install a system which
should supply a family's hot water needs, other than heating, for the warmer
half of the year - a payback time of 15 years, at a conservative estimate. For
most other forms of low-carbon technology the installation costs are even higher
- a ground source heat pump, which makes use of the sun's heat stored in the
ground under your house and garden, will set you back anything from £6,500
upwards.

And financial incentives are small. "Almost all these technologies, apart from
simple wood-burning stoves, attract grants under the Government's Low Carbon
Buildings Programme," says Roy. "But they average only 10 or 15 per cent of the
total installation cost. Many people who are adopting microgeneration
technologies say they would have done so anyway. Often it's a lifestyle as much
as an economic choice."

One of the researchers' key recommendations is a more generous grant regime to
encourage the large numbers of people considering these technologies who are
deterred by their cost. Other ideas to boost take-up - suggested by the pioneers
themselves - include getting energy companies to install the systems and allow
the customer to pay back through their fuels bill; and more generous "feed-in"
tariffs for those whose systems supply electricity to the national grid. The
most popular measure would be reduced council tax for householders who install
these systems.

But cost is by no means the only issue. A recent Parliamentary Trade and
Industry Committee report on Local Energy said that when it comes to choosing,
installing and operating renewable energy systems, householders need to have
"the entire skill set found in a specialist renewable project development
company".

"These are unfamiliar technologies to most people, and getting the correct
advice is quite difficult. You can't get comparison reports of different
manufacturers' systems, and you are very reliant on your installer," says Roy.

"There is a lot of advice out there, but it is not specific to individual needs.
For example, some people who installed solar water heating told us they were
surprised to find that they can't use the solar-heated water for their
dishwashers and washing machines - most modern appliances have a cold feed only.
And some people didn't appreciate that many combination boilers - the sort that
heat water instantly - can't use solar-heated water."

The technology works - most of the pioneers say they are very satisfied with
their new systems; they are not just saving money, but get enormous pleasure
from using low carbon energy. To encourage more of us to join them, the Design
Innovation Group's report advocates the creation of a "one-stop shop" offering
detailed advice on everything from choosing your system, to the most efficient
way to run it. They also believe it would boost uptake if installers could offer
integrated packages of, for example, solar system plus efficient boiler, and
guaranteed industry-wide performance standards.

Dr Sally Caird, a member of the OU research team, says there is a potential for
many more households to become low-carbon pioneers if government and industry
can remove some of the hurdles. "For example, there are nearly five million
relatively affluent, 'grey-green' households in the UK. Still a niche market,
but a big niche."

'Low and zero carbon technology pioneers' is published by the Energy Saving
Trust this month, see <a
href="http://www.energysavingtrust.org.uk">www.energysavingtrust.org.uk</a>for
details. 'Consumer adoption and use of household renewable energy technologies'
can be downloaded at the Design Innovation Group website at
http://design.open.ac.uk/research/research_dig

'MY BILLS ARE HALF WHAT THEY WERE'

Jill Chandler, 56, is a self-employed book distributor and keen
environmentalist. Having already installed solar water heating, a year ago she
replaced her oil-fired heating system with a wood-burning boiler to provide hot
water and central heating in her cottage in Pembrokeshire. It cost just over
£6,000, minus a £1,500 grant from the Energy Saving Trust.

"Mine is a Rika stove and boiler which uses pellets made from waste sawdust,
rather like cat-litter wood pellets. It is so easy to use it is unbelievable, it
takes me less than five minutes a day. I fetch the bag from the shed, open it
up, open the top of the boiler and put the pellets in. They cost £1.65 for a
10kg bag, which I can now buy from my local garage, and I use one or two bags a
day.

"It burns very, very efficiently, and in effect it is not producing any more
carbon than if the wood rotted naturally. It is clean - you can't see a trace of
smoke coming out of the chimney.

"It stands in the inglenook and takes up less space than the Rayburn that used
to stand there. It looks very attractive, people always comment on it. I clean
the glass every day, not because you need to, but just because I like to see the
flame.

"I am absolutely delighted with it, I love it. The place is warmer, and with the
solar panels as well, my bills are half what they were."

'I WOULD RECOMMEND SOLAR PANELS'

Ken Brock, 71, is a retired building surveyor living with his wife May in a
bungalow just outside Ipswich. They have a flat-panel Genersys solar water
heating system, installed in 2004 at a cost of £2,939 (including a larger hot
water cylinder), minus a £400 grant.

"It certainly saves us money. It is difficult to give average figures because
the variations in weather are so great in this country. Whenever the sun shines,
at almost any time of year, it will produce hot water. The other morning, the
temperature on the panel was minus five, but the temperature of the water in the
tank was plus 45.

"In summer, it produces more hot water than we need. If we were a family with
two young children having baths every day, we would get a lot more benefit from
it, and the payback time would be considerably less.

"It is easy to operate, we don't have to touch the system. Close to the hot
water cylinder is a little control panel which tells us the temperature on the
panel, the temperature in the tank and whether the system is pumping. If we
don't get hot water from the solar system, we switch on the gas boiler. You
don't have to do anything else, it is all automatic.

"I would certainly recommend it. I don't know why there isn't government
legislation to say developers must include solar panels on new buildings - it
would be much cheaper to install them from the word go."

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IA


                      Copyright 2008 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              320 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Times (Kigali)

                                 March 10, 2017

Japanese Grant to Boost Access to Clean Water in Rural Areas

BYLINE: Steven Muvunyi

LENGTH: 402 words


Japanese government has given a grant amounting to $147, 075 (approx. Rwf121
million) to two local organisations that will supply water in the districts of
Muhanga and Bugesera.

The two projects will increase access to clean water in areas where residents
had for long experienced water shortages.

The recipients are Movement for the Fight against Hunger in the World (MFLM) and
Rwanda Environment Conservation Organisation (RECOR).

A portion of the grant, $72,925, will be used by MFLM to construct 20 water
points, a filtration system, water tank, equilibrium chamber and 11-km-long
water pipes in Shyogwe sector in Muhanga district.

The project will see more than 10, 000 people in the area have access to clean
water.

RECOR will also use $74,150 to construct two water supplies and install 30
bamboo rainwater tanks in Musenyi Sector in Bugesera District which is known for
prolonged droughts and water shortages.

The water supplies are expected to serve more than 1800 people in the area,
particularly 30 households of the historically marginalised people.

Takayuki Miyashita, the Ambassador of Japan to Rwanda, said the grants
demonstrates Japan's commitment to assist Rwanda in achieving Vision 2020.

He congratulated the recipients and called for successful completion of the two
projects that will support people's basic human needs.

Mr Omar Fiordalisio, country manager of MFLM, explained that the residents of
the area in Muhanga critically need water.

"Children collect water in swamps and this puts them at risk in terms of health.
In addition, people have to walk several kilometers to collect water and others
pay Rwf400 per jerry can, twenty times the price they will pay once the project
is completed," he said.

According to Mary Katushabe, the acting chairperson of RECOR, the project will
be beneficial to the residents of Bugesera.

"Bugesera often suffers from drought and many people in the district engage in
agricultural activities. Once they have enough water, sanitation in their
households will improve and agriculture production too," she said

Since Grassroots Human Security Projects was established following a deal
between the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation of Rwanda and the
Embassy of Japan in 1996, the Government of Japan has supported 87 grassroots
projects, mainly in the areas of education, water and sanitation as well as
agriculture.

editorial@newtimes.co.rw

Follow @stevenmuvunyi

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2017 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              321 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            September 5, 2014 Friday

African Water Facility offers grant to Water Research Commission

LENGTH: 332  words

DATELINE: Tunis


To improve water delivery services, the African Water Facility offered a
[#x20ac]1.3 million grant to the Water Research Commission of the Republic of
South Africa.

The initiative will be supported and driven by the beneficiary communities of
Limpopo province. Over 20,000 people are expected to get improved access to
water for domestic and agriculture purposes, among others.

It proposes to implement the holistic Multiple Use Services (MUS) approach to
overcome water challenges faced by many South African households. Most rural and
peri-urban communities in South Africa rely on ill-suited, single-use water
services to sustain a variety of activities such as small-scale agriculture,
household chores and cooking. However, the MUS is a low-cost water service
approach proposing systems that take into account people's multiple water needs
as a starting point of planning, which leads to designs that can provide water
services for a variety of uses all at once.

Akissa Bahri, Coordinator of the African Water Facility, said, "The
unreliability and unpredictability of access to water in Limpopo province, which
is aggravated by climate change and population growth, poses tremendous water
challenges to the most vulnerable communities. This project will not only bring
much needed multiple-use water services for rural and peri-urban communities in
the region, but create local knowledge of the MUS approach and of best practices
in providing water services in line with the principles of Integrated Water
Resources Management."

The infrastructure to be built will include wells and boreholes, rainwater
harvesting structures and water treatment technologies and will be used to
demonstrate, establish local evidence of the value of the multi-use approach,
and develop models for future up-scaling throughout South Africa.  In addition,
the project is expected to strengthen capacities for water planning and
development within communities, local governments and other stakeholders in the
region.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              322 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Australian

                 July 15, 2005 Friday All-round Country Edition

Cash flow to solve crisis - Water Conservation: A SPECIAL ADVERTISING REPORT

SOURCE: MATP

SECTION: FEATURES; Water Conservation: A SPECIAL ADVERTISING REPORT; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 755 words


AS the driest inhabited continent on Earth and having suffered the ravages of
ongoing drought, Australia urgently needs to conserve its water resources.

With this in mind, the Australian Government Water Fund has been set up by the
Federal Government to help communities play a positive role in securing the
country's water resources over the long term.

Federal Minister for the Environment and Heritage, Senator Ian Campbell, said
Community Water Grants were part of the $2 billion Australian Government Water
Fund and will provide $200 million over the next five years to help communities
in securing Australia's water resources.

The Community Water Grants are being offered to sporting clubs, schools, service
clubs, local government, and other community organisations to save and protect
the country's water resource.

"Community Water Grants are a simple way for community groups to get funding to
help save water or fix a local water problem," Senator Campbell said.

"The grants fill an important gap in allowing our schools, clubs, local councils
and sporting organisations play their role in saving water and protecting the
environment.

"Up to $50,000 is available to eligible groups for practical, on-the-ground
projects." In some instances, the grants can be combined to provide larger funds
for community based non-government organisations.

The Community Water Grants aim to promote a culture of wise water use through
community engagement and awareness about saving and conserving water while
encouraging best practice measures and demonstrate water wise solutions adapted
to tackle local needs and problems.

The grants are to provide the support and means for community groups to
undertake on-ground projects under the three areas of activity: water
savings-efficiency, water reuse-recycling and surface and groundwater health
such as protecting or enhancing the health of rivers, wetlands and groundwater
resources.

"The first $48 million in funding from the Community Water Grants program is
part of a coordinated national effort to address the water crisis," Senator
Campbell said.

"The grants will help communities address water quality, such as through stream
restoration, and introduce water saving and recycling initiatives.

"Community groups are custodians of large areas of Australia and significant
water users in their own right. I'm sure they have many simple but smart water
saving ideas, and I encourage them to act now to save our precious water
resources." Woodvale Primary School in Perth, Western Australia, is one of the
sites that received funding under a demonstration round of the grants program.

Senator Campbell said: "Students at Woodvale are planting water wise native
gardens and installing rain water tanks, which will cut water use by 20 per
cent. There are more than 1,000 schools in Western Australia, so imagine the
benefits that could be gained if they all took action." Another project is set
to ensure the town of Nimmitabel (population 250) will be guaranteed a water
supply that, as a minimum, will be able to meet domestic needs without carting
water from Cooma and improve water flows in the MacLaughlin River.

The project, assisted by a Water Grant of $45,454, aims to achieve a 24 per cent
reduction in current water use by providing an effluent reuse system at the
towns wastewater facility, provide water tank connections to public facilities,
conduct a water audit of all water use in households, help subsidise the
installation of rainwater tanks on residences, and retrofit dual flush toilets
and water efficient shower roses to houses and businesses.

"The subsidy program is gaining momentum as word spreads," said Cooma Monaro
Shire Mayor Roger Norton. "To date, we have provided a number of rainwater tank
subsidies and changed over 40 households to dual flush toilet system, provided
water efficient shower hoses and conducted water and energy audits.

"People are only starting to realise that by changing to dual flush toilet
systems and water efficient showers that they can save an average of $65 a year
in water and energy costs. These savings then continue into the future." Overall
the Cooma Monaro community wide project is expected to save more than 4,120,000
litres of water per year.

The first round of Water Grants is open now for applications to October 4, 2005
and projects are allowed 15 months for completion.

The Government anticipates that the second round of grants will be advertised in
March 2006.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2005 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              323 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           November 10, 2011 Thursday

15K illegal water connections in 3 yrs, taps run dry

BYLINE: Sukhada Tatke

SECTION: MUMBAI

LENGTH: 377 words


MUMBAI: Frequent water cuts, often a "monthly" affair, have irked residents
across the city. From south MUMBAI to Shivaji Nagar, most Mumbaikars are forced
to turn to water tankers, escalating living costs.

Recently, on October 30, the Tansa water main pipeline burst at Nana Chowk. Two
days after that, the pipeline adjacent to it also burst, leaving several parts
of south Mumbai literally high and dry. Erratic water supply throughout the week
irked residents of areas like Grant Road, Slater Road, Mahalaxmi so much, some
even demanded that water supply be privatized. Slater Road resident Raseek Shah
told TOI, "Like western countries, it is high time that water supply is
privatized in Mumbai. We face monthly water cuts despite the lakes being full.
They can't keep blaming the present situation on the poor distribution system."

But civic officials say the primary reason for the frequent water leaks is the
ageing distribution system. For instance, the Tansa pipeline is almost 90 years
old. This however, does not satisfy Grant road resident Nilesh Dhanawade, who
told TOI, "Why don't they start changing the pipeline distribution system? They
can do it phase-wise, if required." He said a tanker, which supplies to 60
families in his area, charges Rs 1,400 and the non-potable water can only be
used for bathing and washing clothes. "Why should we rely on the tanker when the
BMC should be supplying water?" said Dhanawade.

Mohammad Sirfuddin Ansari of Shastri Nagar makes three rounds for nine gallons
of water and pays Rs 5 per gallon, a plight common to almost every household at
Shivaji Nagar, M-East ward. "I have to cycle down to get water from Baiganwadi.
I applied for a group meter in February but nothing happened yet. This is our
condition for years now. I wake up at 6 am so I can finish fetching water by
9.30am and start work," rues Ansari.

Siraj Ahmad Shah, field officer of NGO Apanalaya's Shivaji Nagar office, tells
TOI that most households rely on private water supply companies and illegal
water connections. "Each tanker charges around Rs 1,200. There is no other
choice as there are no pipelines in this area. People have to pay a huge sum to
get something which is a fundamental right," said Shah.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              324 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                      Sabrex Electronic Water Purification

                               1326 North Trinity
                             San Antonio,  TX 78207
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (210) 731-8877
FAX: (210) 737-6791
URL: www.sabrexewp.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Sabrex of Texas is a company with a big picture in mind. It is developing
prototype water purification systems for industry, military and household use
with a license of a relatively new patented purification system.  The
implications are global. Most of the world's groundwater is brackish, and
thousands of children in the world die every day because of waterborne diseases.
Atlas, who prefers sweatshirt and blue jeans attire and whose wife, Rosanne,
runs Seeman Supply, is experimenting to create a coffeemaker-sized portable
water purifier that can convert unhealthy, polluted water into potable water.
The Electronic Water Purifier can run with a miniature wind-up electric
generator, the kind that powers some brands of radios these days. And the unit
can provide a household with its drinking water needs every day.  For areas of
the world where water is obtained from wells or other contaminated sources - not
from the municipal supplies we take for granted - such a device, if distributed
by organizations such as UNICEF, the Red Cross, World Bank and the Peace Corps,
would be miraculous.  But that is only part of the big picture. Sabrex is a
subcontractor for a $5.1 million grant from the U.S. Department of Advanced
Research Projects - Army, also known as DARPA, to develop a seawater
desalination unit.  The grant is the largest water purification grant anywhere
in the nation, Atlas said. So far, the electrostatic process can remove
contamination of up to 5,000 parts per million,

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              325 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                             August 20, 2007 Monday

'Councils should offer grants for residents to buy their own flood defences'

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 694 words


Most of the thousands of households affected by the June floods were unprepared
for the catastrophic levels the water rose to.

Sandbags, which aren't always particularly effective, were not issued until
after most houses had already let water in, because the downpour had not been
widely predicted.

As the Mail continues examining the issues surrounding the floods, a leading
professor has claimed the review process being conducted must include the
provision to make grants available for homeowners living in the highest risk
areas to install domestic flood defences.

Roger Falconer, professor of water management at Cardiff University, said any
review should look at a range of issues.

And he said an important ingredient to any discussion should  include the idea
that households in flood risk areas should be given incentives to create their
own, long-lasting flood defences.

He said: "Insurance companies and local authorities should offer grants or
financial incentives for people to buy their own flood defences.

"When I moved into my first house the council offered me a grant to fit loft
insulation. I believe a similar scheme could be put in place for defending
against floods.

"There are specialist companies that supply gates that can be put up around
houses and safeguard against one-metre high flood water."

Prof Falconer said he believed the grant scheme could be justified by the fact
flooding will prove to be everyone's problem.

"It is not just the people who live on flood plains who will have to deal with
the flooding, everybody will bear the cost of it," he said. "Insurance premiums
are bound to creep up because of it and therefore everyone in the UK will have
to pay for better flood defences."

He said it was an important issue to get right because of the nature of the land
in East Yorkshire.

Prof Falconer said: "Drainage is always going to be a problem for Hull and the
East Riding as it is relatively flat and below sea level.

"Building huge new drains in case such a massive one-off event happens again is
not really a solution.

"Both councils should work alongside the water authority to make sure the drains
are regularly maintained.

"The drains should be looked at as soon as possible as there will probably be a
build-up of silt now the flood waters have gone."

And despite claims by farmers from across the region that the problem lies with
the drains not being sufficiently cleaned, Prof Falconer said building drains
near farm land could actually cause future flooding problems.

He said: "I know this will not be popular with farmers, but you want the land to
hold as much water as possible so it can soak it up. If lots of water starts
running off the land it could cause more flooding as it starts to flow into
rivers and streams."

The call for the grants received a mixed reception from the region's two local
authorities, however, the idea was not completely ruled out.

Sally Burns, head of housing and public protection for East Riding Council,
said: "The review will consider all information available across a number of
organisations as well as potential solutions.

"Realistically, individual defences will be the last resort, but all practical
solutions will be looked at."

Hull City Council leader Councillor Carl Minns said: "A grant scheme that
enables residents to create their own flood defences for their homes is a
plausible idea and one worth investigating.

"Ideally, this sort of initiative would be led by the Government so it could be
rolled out across the UK."

A company offering steel panels that lock into place in front of door frames is
in talks with a Hull-based builder to provide the flood defence gates to the
region.

Simon Evans, director at Floodgate, based in Carmarthen, Wales, explained how
the system created an almost 100 per cent proof barrier to flood water.

He said: "The system we provide can be joined together so anything from doorways
to factory entrances can be protected. We have been producing it for some time
now."

"Although the barriers cost much more than sand bags, they provide a much better
barrier."

news@mailnewsmedia.co.uk

Links

Floodgate

www.floodgate.ltd.uk

Never Again

www.thisishull.co.uk/neveragain

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved


                              326 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                     July 01, 2004 Thursday, NORTH EDITION

Back Bay residents learn of projects

BYLINE: Shirley Barnes; CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 416 words

DATELINE: TEMPLETON


- Town officials, working together to restore the Back Bay area of Baldwinville,
met with about 50 residents of the neighborhood and Montachusett Regional
Planning Commission representatives to explain plans for water, sewer, road,
drainage and sidewalk improvements.

The committee told residents a 100 percent return on a neighborhood survey is
essential to getting strong consideration for federal money to fix the many
problems Back Bay residents have faced for years.

For the neighborhood to be eligible for Community Development Block Grant money,
at least 51 percent of the households must qualify as low- or moderate-income.
The name and address portion will be separated from the survey to keep the
income information private, officials said. Residents can describe the area's
infrastructure needs on the back of the questionnaire.

The applications for the next round of block grants of up to $800,000 will be
based on income levels and the need for improvements.

Kent Songer, sewer superintendent, told residents his department would put in
additional manholes to get a better flow into the pumping station and raise the
walls of the station to secure it, if the town was awarded the grant.

Back Bay is within the Birchhill Dam flood control area, and in 1971, when water
was held back to prevent flooding of the Connecticut River banks, the pumping
station was flooded and damaged.

The Sewer Department also wants to fix the easement used to drive to the pump
station. The improvements would include water-tight manholes and covers.

Sean Hamilton, manager of the Water and Light Department, said, ''All of the
departments involved are working together to improve the area.''

Back Bay has numerous water breaks and drainage problems. The department also
wants to replace water lines, which were installed in the 1950s. The department
will try to bring stability to the area by correcting the system of hydrants and
water mains, Mr. Hamilton said.

Mr. Hamilton said Back Bay is made up of a network of streets off Elm Street,
including Memorial, Summer, Pleasant, Cherry, Fessenden, Forest, Oak, Mrytle,
Mason and Fisher streets and Columbus Avenue. The area was built up over time,
with streets intersecting in a neighborhood patchwork.

The Highway Department wants to correct drainage problems that leave pools of
water on lawns and behind homes. Part of the highway project would be to send
storm water into drainage in the roads and get it off people's lawns.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2004 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              327 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 27, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Grad student helps people in Bangalore know when the next drop of
water will come

LENGTH: 472  words

DATELINE: Washington


The University of California has issued the following news release:

Many of the 9.9 million people in Bangalore, India, never know when they'll turn
on the tap and find water flowing. Water is scarce and rationed. Each household
gets about 4.5 hours of running water every other day -- but when, and if, the
water runs can be unpredictable. While high-income households can afford tanks
that automatically turn on when the water does, low-income households cannot,
meaning that women can devote hours on a weekly basis to waiting for and storing
water.

UC Berkeley graduate student Christopher Hyun spent his summer working on a
research project examining how the people of Bangalore can get more reliable and
timely information about when and how long they'll get water each day. He'll be
returning to Bangalore during the winter break to continue the work.

"In the developed world, we're used to just turning the water on, and it's
there. We don't know how it got there," says Hyun, who is part of the Energy and
Resources Group, an interdisciplinary graduate program. "I have a passion to see
people having water."

The research project was prompted by the work of Nextdrop, a tech startup
founded by UC Berkeley graduates, among others.

Nextdrop has developed a system using cellphone text messaging to connect them
with the service workers who manually open and close valves controlling the
water. Nextdrop then sends residents text messages when water is coming.

After testing the service in a small city, Nextdrop was ready for a city the
size of Bangalore. Its partner there, the Bangalore Water Supply and Sewerage
Board, has asked Nextdrop to offer services throughout the city.

Funded through a grant from the Development Impact Laboratory at the Blum Center
for Developing Economies at UC Berkeley, the research project examines the
effectiveness of Nextdrop's system in Bangalore. The project is led by Alison
Post, assistant professor of political science and global metropolitan studies,
and Isha Ray, associate professor in the Energy and Resources Group.

Hyun's field work in Bangalore focused on the "valvemen," the service workers
who not only control the water valves in the neighborhoods but also inform
Nextdrop about the water schedule. Hyun's role is to understand when valvemen
are willing to share accurate information with Nextdrop. Hyun learned that there
are many obstacles the valvemen must overcome in their daily work.

Political science doctoral student Tanu Kumar is working closely with Post and
Ray to assess the impact of Nextdrop's notifications to households on their
welfare, including how much time they spend waiting for water, earnings, stress
levels and how they relate to the government.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              328 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                             July 26, 2012 Thursday
                                 SOUTH EDITION

SECTION: METRO; THE SOUTH AT A GLANCE; Pg. S-7

LENGTH: 587 words



b>AROUND THE SOUTH HILLS

STATE WILL INVEST $87 MILLION IN WATER PROJECTS

/b>

Gov. Tom Corbett announced the investment of $87 million in a number of drinking
water and wastewater projects in 18 counties through the Pennsylvania
Infrastructure Investment Authority, or PENNVEST.

The projects will bring environmental improvements and much needed new jobs, the
governor noted in a news release.

Of the $87 million total, $77 million is for low-interest loans and $10 million
is offered as grants. Funding comes from state funds approved by voters, federal
grants from the Environmental Protection Agency and recycled loan repayments.

Local projects include:

Southwestern Pennsylvania Water Authority, serving parts of Fayette, Greene and
Washington counties, received an $8,660,300 loan to upgrade and expand the
authority's Tin Can Hollow water treatment plant, including new filters, pumps
and other facilities that will ensure a safe and reliable source of water both
for household consumption and fire protection.

Also in Washington County, the Pennsylvania American Water Company received a
$2,250,000 loan to construct more than six miles of water distribution lines and
a booster pump station to serve various areas of the county where over 50
percent of the private drinking water wells are contaminated with coliform
bacteria.

Details: www.pennvest.state.pa.us or call 1-717-783-6798.

b> WASHINGTON COUNTY

TICKETS FOR MYLAN CLASSIC AVAILABLE

/b>

Tickets are on sale now for $25 to watch the Mylan Classic at Southpointe Golf
Club set for Aug. 27 to Sept. 2.

The four-day tournament will be televised on the Golf Channel and benefits the
Canonsburg revitalization project. The tournament also has entertainment.

Details and to buy tickets, visit www.mylanclassic.com.

b> MT. LEBANON

LOOK FOR CHANGE IN SEWAGE BILLS IN SEPTEMBER

/b>

For more than a decade, residents have paid their water and sanitary sewer use
in one bill sent from Pennsylvania American Water Co. But starting in September,
the water company will discontinue billing for sewage.

Beginning Sept. 1, residents will receive sewage bills from Jordan Tax Service.
There is no new fee. The water bill will decrease by the amount of the sewage
bill and the sewage bill will instead come monthly from Jordan. It will continue
to follow the formula set by the municipality and ALCOSAN based on household
water consumption. Residents should also not confuse this bill with the storm
water bill sent quarterly from Jordan. That fee also will be unchanged.

Assistant Municipal Manager Marcia Taylor said that Pennsylvania American told
the municipality about the change last fall. The municipality looked at
collecting the fee in-house but determined that would be too expensive and that
the turnaround time was too tight.

Residents may also pay the sewage bill in person during business hours at the
Customer Service Center in the Municipal Building, 710 Washington Road. Jordan
may soon provide electronic billing options.

* * *

Portions of Washington Road will be closed to accommodate a crane needed for the
construction of a new seven-story SpringHill Suites by Marriott.

One northbound lane will be closed between Academy Avenue and Shady Drive East,
starting July 24 and lasting approximately 10 weeks. Concrete barriers will
close the lanes and the area will be marked.

From 7 p.m. Friday through 11 a.m. Saturday, both northbound lanes between
Academy and Shady will be closed. One southbound lane will remain open with
traffic alternating north and south.

Details: lebomag.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              329 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                   Bluefield Daily Telegraph (West Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 19, 2013 Monday

Valve-turning ceremony to celebrate clean water flowing in Oakvale area

BYLINE: Greg Jordan, Bluefield Daily Telegraph, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 440 words


Aug. 19--OAKVALE -- One big water valve representing hundreds of water taps
through the Oakvale area will be turned Aug. 23 when the Oakvale Road Public
Service District and other entities cerebrate new water service for hundreds of
people.

A valve-turning ceremony scheduled at the East River Ruritan Building in Oakvale
will mark the completion of the Mercer/Summers Phase IV A and Kellysville I and
II Extension Water Project. Work started on the project in October 2011, said
Pamela Browning, manager of the Oakvale PSD.

The project started in the Hilltop Drive area near Princeton, she said.

"It goes down through the Poplar Grove area, around Goodwin's Chapel Road, into
the town of Oakvale, a small section of the Cheesy Creek area, a section of
Route 12 down off Oakvale, and extends through Kellysville," Brown said.

Almost 400 customers will be served by this water line extension.

"The last customer count was around 370 households," Brown stated.

Before this water pipeline reached these residences, people living in the area
had to rely on wells for their water. Many of these wells do not produce water
suitable for consumption.

"They were contaminated," Brown said.

When water samples from the wells were tested, the examinations revealed e-coli
bacteria and coliform bacteria, she recalled. Both types are hazardous to human
health.

The project cost approximately $7.1 million, Brown said.

Work on the pipeline started with a design from the West Virginia Bureau of
Public Health, according to information with the Region I Planning & Development
Council. Funding was provided by the Oakvale Road PSD, West Virginia American
Water, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers grant, a grant from the Governor's
Contingency Fund, an Appalachian Regional Commission grant, a HUD Small Cities
Block grant. Both the Appalachian Regional and the HUD grants were administered
by the state. There was also a loan from the West Virginia Infrastructure and
Jobs Development Council.

Funding is being sought for another water extension project in the Elgood-Cheesy
Creek area. Residents of that area attended the Aug. 13 meeting of the Mercer
County Commission to ask for help find the money needed for the work. The
project, which is Phase B, is separate from the project opening Aug. 23,
Browning said.

"We're trying to get funding together," she stated.

Region I estimates the Elgood-Cheesy Creek project would serve up to 162
households.

-- Contact Greg Jordan at gjordan@bdtonline.com

___ (c)2013 the Bluefield Daily Telegraph (Bluefield, W.Va.) Visit the Bluefield
Daily Telegraph (Bluefield, W.Va.) at bdtonline.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130819-WF-Valve-turning-ceremony-to-celebrate-clean-water
-flowing-in-Oakvale-area-0819-20130819

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WF


                    Copyright 2013 Bluefield Daily Telegraph


                              330 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                             March 18, 2016 Friday
                                   1 Edition

Home water/septic workshop offered

BYLINE: By, George Hurd

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 296 words


CHAMBERSBURG - Residents who rely on a private well, spring, or cistern for
their drinking water can register to receive a basic water testing and education
during a two-hour Home Water and Septic System Workshop on Wednesday, May 25,
2016 from 1-3 p.m. at the Franklin County Extension Office, 181 Franklin Farm
Lane, Chambersburg.

Penn State Extension along with the Master Well Owner Network are sponsoring the
workshop.

The clinic will provide education on proper location, construction, testing,
maintenance, protection and treatment of private drinking water supplies.

Since 80 percent of those with private water supplies also have on-lot septic
systems, the class will discuss care, maintenance and alternative on-lot septic
systems.

The workshop is free; however, advanced registration is requested by Friday, May
20.

The first 30 households registering will receive a copy of "A Guide to Private
Water Systems in Pennsylvania."

Free drinking water testing will be provided for up to 30 households. Only one
well sample from each household will be tested. Samples from multiple wells from
one household will not be tested. Results from simple tests can help guide
homeowners in future testing by accredited labs. Sample collection instructions
will be provided to registrants. Support is provided by the Master Well Owner
Network grant from PA DEP and PGWA.

Register online at: extension.psu.edu/home-water-septic. If you do not have
internet access, call Rhoda Crider at 717-263-9226 to register. Phone
registrations accepted 8:30 a.m.- 4:30 p.m. Monday through Friday.

For more information contact George Hurd, Penn State Extension, at 717-263-9226,
or by email at grh5@psu.edu

George Hurd is an environmental/ resource development educator with Penn State
Extension Service.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: cpo


                         Copyright 2016 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                              331 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Alamogordo Daily News (New Mexico)

                            November 21, 2008 Friday

Rates to go up

BYLINE: Alamogordo Daily News By Duane Barbati, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 378 words


The Alamogordo City Commission approved a plan Tuesday to increase city
residents' water and sewer rates to help fund the wastewater treatment plant
improvements.

People will see an increase of $5.23 per month for an average household's water
and sewer rate.

The commission increase, recommended by the Department of Finance and
Accounting, would raise an average household's rate from $71.79 to $77.02 per
month.

The new rate increase will go into effect Feb. 1.

The commission was looking at increasing an average household's water and sewer
bill from $71.79 to $84.16 per month, but decided to direct the finance
department to recalculate the rates.

The water and sewer bill for a business will increase from $920.77 to $981.70
per month. Commissioners turned down a business increase from $920.77 to
$1,082.78 each month.

Commissioners also are banking on a $6.5 million wastewater treatment plant
general obligation bond election slated for March 10 that would help keep the
rates low.

Commissioners said they were impressed with the finance department's diligence
in trying to reduce the impact of an increase for people.

"One of the things that is being shown to us is the importance of passing the
bond issue in March," Commissioner Ron Griggs said. "I think it's important for
us to keep looking for other sources of revenue."

Interim City Manager Matt McNeile said the city has applied for grants and other
sources of revenue.

"We have applied for two grants in the last three weeks," McNeile said.

The money raised from the rate increases and bond issue will refurbish the
wastewater treatment plant. The refurbishing involves replacing the aeration
system. The estimated cost is about $12 million-$15 million.

The city's wastewater treatment plant was built in 1973.

"I appreciate that the Department of Finance staff had this thrown back at
them," Mayor Steve Brockett said. "The staff has really shown us something. The
staff did a good job."

Brockett said he believes water and sewer rates are where funding is raised for
the plant.

"The citizens of the community need to understand it," he said. "They need to
understand the core of what they're looking at in March with the bond for the
wastewater treatment plant."


Contact Duane Barbati at dbarbati@alamogordonews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 Alamogordo Daily News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              332 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Times (South Africa)

                              May 02, 2011 Monday
                                   E1 Edition

May Day is a call to continue the struggle

BYLINE:  Zwelinzima Vavi

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 737 words


Every year on May 1, workers around the world celebrate their victories,
remember their fallen heroes and recommit themselves to the fight for a better
life.

May Day is when we remind the world that workers' labour is the wheel around
which our world revolves.

It commemorates the historic struggles of working people, and is recognised in
every country except, ironically, the US and Canada, the countries where it all
started - in the fight for an eight-hour working day - in the 1880s.

It is important that as we mark May Day we also take stock of the strides that
workers have made under our democratic government, more so this year as we
celebrate May Day on the eve of local government elections on May 18.

Under the ANC government, the lives of thousands of South Africans have been
improved.

l We have one of the world's most democratic constitutions, a bill of rights and
a constitutional court.

l More than 2.5 million houses have been built for the poor, giving shelter to
more than 10 million.

l Six million households have gained access to clean water since 1994 and
electricity has been connected to nearly five million homes.

l In 1994, 62 percent of households had access to clean drinking water - today
93 percent do.

l In 1994, only 50 percent of households had access to decent sanitation - today
77 percent do.

l In 1994, 36 percent had access to electricity - today 84 percent do.

l By 2010, 14.5 million people were receiving social grants. Of those, 9.5
million are children younger than 14 (compared with 2.4m in 1996).

l This year, the child support grant will be extended to children aged less than
18 - an additional two million.

l There has been a gradual and progressive reduction of the pension age for men
from 65 to 60.

l The number of people on anti-retrovirals has increased, and a campaign was
launched to treat 15 million HIV-positive people by June, and to urge workers to
get tested.

These achievements are as much a product of a progressive government as they are
a product of a relentless working class struggle. However, the struggle for
workers did not end on April 27, 1994.

Contrary to the message spread by those who seek to pacify the working class in
this country, major struggles lie ahead for us. We have made major gains in
winning political and certain socio-economic rights, but in the absence of a
viable economic system that can reward those who produce the wealth of this
country, workers still need to mobilise on May Day and beyond for a just and
equitable society.

It is illogical to speak of the right to food when a minority of white South
Africans have a monopoly over land in our country.

l We cannot speak of freedom of movement when fuel and transport costs rise
higher than the working class wage.

l We cannot speak of the right to health care when only a rich minority benefit
from a state-of-the-art health system while many of us languish in the public
health care system with long queues, shortage of equipment and supplies and
filthy wards.

l We cannot speak of the right to life when so many mothers die while giving
birth and so many children die at the hands of our public health system.

l We cannot speak of the right to education when many black children learn in an
unsafe, filthy and dilapidated environment.

Despite the inroads made by the ANC government in providing millions of South
Africans with decent housing, millions of families still live in shacks.The
apartheid spatial environment is still untransformed and low-income houses are
still built on the periphery of cities.

The poor are subject to an inefficient and unsafe public transport system. We
should not be surprised when communities take to the streets to demand better
services.

The murder of Andries Tatane in Ficksburg starkly revealed the ruthless way in
which poor communities are repressed when they march for better services. It is
a grim reminder of the link between police brutality in Chicago in 1886 and in
Ficksburg this year.

This May Day must also be dedicated towards challenging those who seek to tear
apart the moral fibre of our society through corrupt activities - whether they
are in the private sector, public service or the revolutionary movement.

The call on this May Day is for workers to vote ANC and hold this people's
movement to account on the Freedom Charter and ensure that it never betrays its
working class bias.

l Vavi is Cosatu general secretary. Peter Fabricius is away.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              333 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                             August 8, 1994, Monday

Ending grants could raise cost of water

BYLINE: MARY FAGAN, Industrial Correspondent

SECTION: BUSINESS & CITY PAGE; Page 23

LENGTH: 372 words


THE DEPARTMENT of the Environment may abolish grants for homes in rural areas to
be connected to the sewerage system. Around one million homes in Britain still
have no mains sewerage, relying on septic tanks and cesspits.

Such action would mean that water customers, already facing steep increases in
charges, might have to pay higher bills to connect other households to water and
sewerage systems.

Where water and sewerage companies are asked by local authorities to provide
connection to homes, the authorities usually pay part of the cost, and grants of
up to 35 per cent have been available from the department.

A consultation document issued last week by the DoE questions whether this
system should continue. Higher bills for other water customers are likely to be
strongly opposed by the industry regulator, Ofwat.

Robert Atkins, environment minister, said: ''The majority of these unconnected
households can manage well with alternative forms of sewerage, but in a minority
there is evidence of odour and pollution problems.

''We believe that where a sound environmental and financial case can be made,
the best way forward is for all water customers in an area to meet the cost of
mains connection.''

The department said about pounds 3m was spent on the scheme last year and pounds
4m the previous year.

The Water Services Association said it was too early to comment on the report.
Ofwat said there was an issue to be addressed but it needed time to examine the
DoE document.

Ian Byatt, director-general of Water Services, may order a company to connect
properties to sewerage systems if he deems it a duty.

He believes, however, that the cost should be borne by the beneficiaries.

An Ofwat guidance note on the issue states: ''He will not support general charge
increases to fund extensions to the system.''

A spokesman for Ofwat confirmed: ''That is our view and we will be expressing it
as part of the consultation process.''

The DoE's position that all customers in an area should meet the cost of rural
connections could raise problems for water and sewerage companies who have just
agreed tough new price controls with Ofwat which will take effect from next
April.


LOAD-DATE: August 09, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1994 Independent Print Ltd


                              334 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                           February 21, 2012 Tuesday

Navajo Nation infrastructure costs could top $850M

BYLINE: By Alysa Landry alandry@daily-times.com

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 682 words


FARMINGTON   The price of basic infrastructure development on the Navajo Nation
may top $850 million, according to an Indian Community Development Block Grant
program estimate.

Water line installation in underserved areas across the 27,000-square-mile
reservation could cost as much as $600 million, and power lines could cost $250
million or more, according to estimates from James Adekai, program and projects
specialist for the Indian Community Development Block Grant program.

"This is the only program that I'm aware which provides funding for families
outside growth centers, subdivisions or communities," Adekai said in a prepared
statement.

Adekai was not available for comment Monday.

More than 18,000 households on the Navajo Nation, which spans portions of New
Mexico, Arizona and Utah, live without basic infrastructure such as running
water or electricity.

According to the Navajo Tribal Utility Authority, the largest utility provider
on the reservation, that number accounts for 75 percent of all U.S. households
without electricity.

The Indian Community Development Block Grant program uses funds from the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development to help finance projects that
develop American Indian and Alaska Native communities. Those projects include
housing, infrastructure and economic development.

The Navajo Nation relies on such funding for infrastructure development, Arbin
Mitchell, director of the Navajo Division of Community Development, said in a
prepared statement.

Infrastructure, including basic running water and electricity, is something most
Americans take for granted, said Rick Abasta, spokesman for the Navajo Division
of Community Development.

"For most people living in urban centersb and even in the rural areas of
America, infrastructure needs are usually taken for granted because of the given
availability and stability," he said. "The country buzzes with opinion and
concern when the occasional blackouts occur and cities grind to a halt."

The Navajo Nation is a different story.

"The lack of these basic necessities is reality for most Native American
families, with particular regard to the rugged terrain of the Navajo Nation,
where survival has been ingrained into the generations," Abasta said. "Finding
students doing homework under the dim light of the kerosene lantern isn't a
tough endeavor, nor is finding a family that must haul water to subsist."

Yet strides are being made to improve infrastructure and quality of life on the
Nation.

In the past year, $4.5 million in Indian Community Development Block Grants
allowed the Nation to complete eight power line projects totaling 110 miles. The
projects delivered electrical services to 192 families in eight Arizona
communities: Chinle, Cornfields, Dennehotso, Inscription House, Kaibeto,
Kinlichee, Shonto and Tonalea.

An additional $1.5 million in Indian Community Development Block Grants allowed
the Nation to construct a water line extension that delivers potable water and
sewer services to 126 families in Ramah.

"Navajo families have benefited immensely from the simple pleasures of having
indoor plumbing and electrical services to power refrigerators, heating systems
and light to illuminate what was once veiled in dim obscurity," Abasta said.
"For these families with infrastructure development, their lives were improved
tenfold."

The individual chapters, the Navajo Tribal Utility Authority and Indian Health
Service also pitched in funding, for a total cost of $8.7 million for the
electricity and water lines installed last year.

That "clearly demonstrates that providing the basic necessities to Navajo
families is a costly and time-consuming endeavor," Abasta said. Employees who
work with CDBG funds "are constantly reminded that the reward for a job well
done is from knowing that families have enough water to meet their day-to-day
needs or electricity to power their residential needs."

Indian Community Development Block Grants are awarded annually on a
project-by-project basis. The process is competitive, and the Navajo Nation can
apply for $5.5 million in funding annually.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2012 Farmington Daily Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              335 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             June 23, 2011 Thursday

Hungary: Water Supply Rehabilitation Ózd

LENGTH: 303  words


Country: Hungary
Amount of the Swiss grant: CHF 7%165%500
Total budget of the project: CHF 8%430%000
Date of grant approval: 23.08.2010
Date of completion: Ongoing
The control system for the water supply in the municipality of Ózd is
antiquated, and 700 to 800 households are not connected to it. Switzerland
intends to change this situation by a project contribution of CHF 7.1 million.
The aim is to ensure the same level of service standard in the entire
municipality, to improve the water quality, and to reduce maintenance costs.


The municipality of Ózd town in partnership with the Ózd Water and Canalisation
Ltd, a publicly owned company that operates the drinking water supply, strives
to rehabilitate the most critical elements of its water supply infrastructure
(network pipes and devices and storage basins). The transportation mains, city
mains and household connections suffer from early aging due to poor quality of
the pipes, un-thorough execution of the mounting works and insufficient bedding
of the pipes. Furthermore the deterioration is accelerated by the aggressive
geological conditions.
The Project of Goals:
To provide the same level of service (security of supply and quality) in the
urban area of Ózd.
To meet the current EU standards.
To enable the water company to cover a part of the maintenance costs from the
savings due to this project and also to invest the savings partly into the
rehabilitation of the entire network even after this project is implemented.
The Project of Results:
A part of the water supply infrastructure in the city is rehabilitated.
In one district, which does not yet have a connection to the central supply, the
drinking water network is rebuilt and connects 3%500 people or 700-800
households.
The risk of secondary water pollution decreases.

country :Hungary
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              336 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                WMI Company News

                             August 6, 2012 Monday

EBRD to support modernisation of water system in the Kyrgyz Republic

LENGTH: 226 words


The Kara-Balta Water Company, with support from the Bank, hopes to carry out
important rehabilitation and modernisation of water and wastewater networks,
pump upgrades, installation of household/bulk meters and chlorination
equipment.This will not only help water supply and wastewater services to meet
local requirements but also to move towards achieving full compliance with EU
standards.

The project will be financed by a (EURO)2 million ($2.5 million) loan to
Kara-Balta Water Company and grant funds of (EURO)3 million($3.7 million)from
the EBRD Shareholder Special Fund. Additional grants of (EURO)1.3 million ($1.6
million) from the EBRD will be used to support project implementation and to
provide technical assistance to help the operational and financial
sustainability of the Kara-Balta Water Company.

The project will enable the city to rehabilitate the water networks, install
consumer metering for leakage detection and to replace depleted water pumps.This
would help in the reduction of leakage including reduction of excessive use of
water at household level which would result in the operating and maintenance
costs for water supply.

EBRD has invested over (EURO)414 million ($512.4 million) in more than 84
projects in the infrastructure, corporate, energy and financial sectors since
the commencement of operations in the Kyrgyz Republic.

LOAD-DATE: September 06, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 World Market Intelligence Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              337 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 23, 2014 Tuesday

Grad student helps people in Bangalore know when the next drop of water will
come

LENGTH: 483  words

DATELINE: berkeley


berkeley University of California has issued the following news release:

Many of the 9.9 million people in Bangalore, India, never know when they'll turn
on the tap and find water flowing. Water is scarce and rationed. Each household
gets about 4.5 hours of running water every other day -- but when, and if, the
water runs can be unpredictable. While high-income households can afford tanks
that automatically turn on when the water does, low-income households cannot,
meaning that women can devote hours on a weekly basis to waiting for and storing
water.

UC Berkeley graduate student Christopher Hyun spent his summer working on a
research project examining how the people of Bangalore can get more reliable and
timely information about when and how long they'll get water each day. He'll be
returning to Bangalore during the winter break to continue the work.

"In the developed world, we're used to just turning the water on, and it's
there. We don't know how it got there," says Hyun, who is part of the Energy and
Resources Group, an interdisciplinary graduate program. "I have a passion to see
people having water."

The research project was prompted by the work of Nextdrop, a tech startup
founded by UC Berkeley graduates, among others.

Nextdrop has developed a system using cellphone text messaging to connect them
with the service workers who manually open and close valves controlling the
water. Nextdrop then sends residents text messages when water is coming.

After testing the service in a small city, Nextdrop was ready for a city the
size of Bangalore. Its partner there, the Bangalore Water Supply and Sewerage
Board, has asked Nextdrop to offer services throughout the city.

Funded through a grant from the Development Impact Laboratory, which is
co-managed by the Blum Center for Developing Economies and Center for Effective
Global Action at UC Berkeley, the research project examines the effectiveness of
Nextdrop's system in Bangalore. The project is led by Alison Post, assistant
professor of political science and global metropolitan studies, and Isha Ray,
associate professor in the Energy and Resources Group.

Hyun's field work in Bangalore focused on the "valvemen," the service workers
who not only control the water valves in the neighborhoods but also inform
Nextdrop about the water schedule. Hyun's role is to understand when valvemen
are willing to share accurate information with Nextdrop. Hyun learned that there
are many obstacles the valvemen must overcome in their daily work.

Political science doctoral student Tanu Kumar is working closely with Post and
Ray to assess the impact of Nextdrop's notifications to households on their
welfare, including how much time they spend waiting for water, earnings, stress
levels and how they relate to the government.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              338 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 17, 2014 Wednesday

Grad student helps people in Bangalore know when the next drop of water will
come

LENGTH: 483  words

DATELINE: berkeley


berkeley University of California has issued the following news release:

Many of the 9.9 million people in Bangalore, India, never know when they'll turn
on the tap and find water flowing. Water is scarce and rationed. Each household
gets about 4.5 hours of running water every other day -- but when, and if, the
water runs can be unpredictable. While high-income households can afford tanks
that automatically turn on when the water does, low-income households cannot,
meaning that women can devote hours on a weekly basis to waiting for and storing
water.

UC Berkeley graduate student Christopher Hyun spent his summer working on a
research project examining how the people of Bangalore can get more reliable and
timely information about when and how long they'll get water each day. He'll be
returning to Bangalore during the winter break to continue the work.

"In the developed world, we're used to just turning the water on, and it's
there. We don't know how it got there," says Hyun, who is part of the Energy and
Resources Group, an interdisciplinary graduate program. "I have a passion to see
people having water."

The research project was prompted by the work of Nextdrop, a tech startup
founded by UC Berkeley graduates, among others.

Nextdrop has developed a system using cellphone text messaging to connect them
with the service workers who manually open and close valves controlling the
water. Nextdrop then sends residents text messages when water is coming.

After testing the service in a small city, Nextdrop was ready for a city the
size of Bangalore. Its partner there, the Bangalore Water Supply and Sewerage
Board, has asked Nextdrop to offer services throughout the city.

Funded through a grant from the Development Impact Laboratory, which is
co-managed by the Blum Center for Developing Economies and Center for Effective
Global Action at UC Berkeley, the research project examines the effectiveness of
Nextdrop's system in Bangalore. The project is led by Alison Post, assistant
professor of political science and global metropolitan studies, and Isha Ray,
associate professor in the Energy and Resources Group.

Hyun's field work in Bangalore focused on the "valvemen," the service workers
who not only control the water valves in the neighborhoods but also inform
Nextdrop about the water schedule. Hyun's role is to understand when valvemen
are willing to share accurate information with Nextdrop. Hyun learned that there
are many obstacles the valvemen must overcome in their daily work.

Political science doctoral student Tanu Kumar is working closely with Post and
Ray to assess the impact of Nextdrop's notifications to households on their
welfare, including how much time they spend waiting for water, earnings, stress
levels and how they relate to the government.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              339 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                               May 6, 2016 Friday
                                Chennai Edition

Piped water for all, waste-free roads by 2020, vow agencies

BYLINE: Divya.Chandrababu@timesgroup.com

SECTION: TIMES CITY

LENGTH: 333 words


Living conditions in the city will undergo a dramatic improvement by 2020, with
residents to get clean roads and all households receive piped water supply .

This is what Greater Chennai Corporation and Metrowater have promised the Union
ministry of urban development, in separate commitments, to wangle a grant of
more than '17,000 crore. All this is possible, they said, if local bodies
achieve set targets.

The ministry launched the concept of service provi

ders making commitments to encourage accountability .

"The biggest challenge will be to achieve the target we have set for waste
treatment and disposal," said a senior corporation official.

The new solid waste management rules, which mandate source segregation of
garbage, may help officials plan the next course of action in a city where only
15% of

waste is segregated. "If households segregate their waste, garbage near houses
will reduce and we will not have to suffer air and water pollution," said
Kodungaiyur resident V Sathyamoorthy .

Since 2011, when the city corporation limits were expanded, only 60% of
residents have piped connections. This could change by the summer of 2020 when
pi

pelines will run through 95% of the city , supplying water through the day .
Half of the city's residents will be metered for water use but the estimated per
capita daily water use will remain more or less the same at 135 litres.

In two years, the corporation hopes to reduce the number of flood-prone areas by
half. It has promised that there will not be a single incident of inundation by
2020. The storm water drain network will extend to outlying areas but only 85%
of the city will have a sewerage network.

"We had three criteria to avail of this grant and have met all of them by
publicising our benchmarks, increasing our revenue from last year and auditing
our accounts," an official said.

The commissionerate of municipal administration will receive the grant and
distribute allotted sums to the corporation, Metrowater and other town
panchayats.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              340 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                        February 19, 1997, CITY EDITION

Minister to meet groups on rural water charges tomorrow

BYLINE: By FRANK MCDONALD and MAOL MUIRE TYNAN, Environment Correspondent,
Political Reporter

SECTION: HOME NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 469 words


THE Minister for the Environment is to meet representatives of the IFA, the
ICMSA and the National Federation of Group Water Schemes tomorrow to listen to
their complaints of discrimination against rural Ireland on water charges.

Mr Howlin agreed that there had been a political panic over the issue, but said
his primary concern was to ensure that people living in both rural and urban
areas had access to quality drinking water.  "That's why I want the local
authorities to take these schemes in charge."

The most recent report on water quality by the Environmental Protection Agency
had shown that 43 per cent of privately run group water schemes were
contaminated by faecal and other coliform bacteria, and many failed to meet EU
drinking water standards.

Mr Howlin said the Government had given him "total support" after he briefed his
Cabinet colleagues on the issue yesterday. He is to report back on measures to
deal with the situation after his series of meetings tomorrow, which would be a
"listening exercise".

Criticising Mr Bobby Molloy of the Progressive Democrats for his "disgraceful"
intervention, which would amount to "signing a blank cheque" for group water
schemes, he said: "I don't think we should be rushed or panicked into making
decisions of this nature."

He insisted the focus should be on supplying quality drinking water to all
households, whether in rural or urban areas. "Many of these schemes are simply
not supplying quality water and that's something which is a very high priority
for me."

Since he became Minister two years ago, he said this commitment had been
indicated by more than doubling the capital grant for group water schemes from
Pounds 700 to Pounds 1,600 a household and more than tripling the capital grant
for group sewerage schemes, from Pounds 500 to Pounds 1,600.

Meanwhile, Mr Molloy, defending his party's analysis of the figures involved in
group water schemes, said the data he quoted was supplied to his party by the
Department of the Environment.

He said 150,000 households' were connected to these group water schemes. A total
of 90,000 households were members of group schemes receiving supplies from a
public main while the balance were members of groups that got their supply from
a private source.

All 150,000 households, however, would have to pay annual maintenance charges
and, up to yesterday, the Department still did not know the exact gross figures
involved. The PDs have committed themselves to providing Pounds 23 million a
year in maintenance capital for group water schemes.

According to Mr Molloy, any move by the Government to introduce equity between
urban and rural households would also have to take into account the position of
130 000 other households who got their water supply from their own individual
source.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1997 The Irish Times


                              341 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           November 10, 2011 Thursday

15K illegal water connections in 3 yrs, taps run dry

BYLINE: Sukhada Tatke

SECTION: MUMBAI

LENGTH: 390 words


<p>

MUMBAI: Frequent water cuts, often a "monthly" affair, have irked residents
across the city. From south MUMBAI to Shivaji Nagar, most Mumbaikars are forced
to turn to water tankers, escalating living costs.</p>

<p>

Recently, on October 30, the Tansa water main pipeline burst at Nana Chowk. Two
days after that, the pipeline adjacent to it also burst, leaving several parts
of south Mumbai literally high and dry. Erratic water supply throughout the week
irked residents of areas like Grant Road, Slater Road, Mahalaxmi so much, some
even demanded that water supply be privatized. Slater Road resident Raseek Shah
told TOI, "Like western countries, it is high time that water supply is
privatized in Mumbai. We face monthly water cuts despite the lakes being full.
They can't keep blaming the present situation on the poor distribution system
."</p>

<p>

But civic officials say the primary reason for the frequent water leaks is the
ageing distribution system. For instance, the Tansa pipeline is almost 90 years
old. This however, does not satisfy Grant road resident Nilesh Dhanawade, who
told TOI, "Why don't they start changing the pipeline distribution system? They
can do it phase-wise, if required." He said a tanker, which supplies to 60
families in his area, charges Rs 1,400 and the non-potable water can only be
used for bathing and washing clothes. "Why should we rely on the tanker when the
BMC should be supplying water?" said Dhanawade.</p>

<p>

Mohammad Sirfuddin Ansari of Shastri Nagar makes three rounds for nine gallons
of water and pays Rs 5 per gallon, a plight common to almost every household at
Shivaji Nagar, M-East ward. "I have to cycle down to get water from Baiganwadi.
I applied for a group meter in February but nothing happened yet. This is our
condition for years now. I wake up at 6 am so I can finish fetching water by
9.30am and start work," rues Ansari.</p>

<p>

Siraj Ahmad Shah, field officer of NGO Apanalaya's Shivaji Nagar office, tells
TOI that most households rely on private water supply companies and illegal
water connections. "Each tanker charges around Rs 1,200. There is no other
choice as there are no pipelines in this area. People have to pay a huge sum to
get something which is a fundamental right," said Shah.</p>

<p>

<meta content="cms.next" name="cmsei" />

</p>

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              342 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           February 2, 2013 Saturday

Government on track to register 80% of septic tanks as deadline closes

BYLINE: GENEVIEVE CARBERY

SECTION: IRELAND; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 693 words


The Department of the Environment said it was confident that 80 per cent of
septic tank owners would register with the Government as the deadline approached
last evening.

Latest figures from the Department of the Environment yesterday showed that more
than 70 per cent, or 360,000 people, have registered for the Government charge
with about 10,000 registration forms believed to be in the post.

We are confident that we will achieve in the region of 400,000 allowing for
applications that will come through the postal and local authority systems over
the weekend,  a department spokesman said yesterday.

Only households that have registered their systems by today will be eligible for
financial support if their system fails an inspection.

Co Kerry has the highest level of registration at 91 per cent (of some 28,200
tanks), based on figures up to Wednesday. This is followed by Co Clare and Co
Mayo at 79 and 74 per cent respectively.

The Dublin City Council area has the lowest registration level at 3 per cent or
91 registrations. This figure is not an accurate gauge of the situation,
according to the city council. The census figures suggest there are 2,718 septic
tanks in the capital but people may have mistakenly stated they had a tank, as
the city is served by an extensive piped drainage network.

Outside Dublin

Dublin City Council said some of the registrations could apply to properties
outside Dublin. Residents of South Dublin County Council and Fingal have
recorded the next lowest levels at between 40 and 43 per cent. As with Dublin
City Council, some of these registrations could apply to properties outside
Dublin.

Outside the capital, septic tank owners in Limerick City have the lowest levels
of compliance at 43 per cent (of 420 tanks) followed by Donegal at 50 per cent
(of 32,900 tanks).

In December, Minister for the Environment Phil Hogan announced a grant scheme of
up to 80 per cent of repair costs for those earning up to EUR 50,000, up to a
maximum of EUR 4,000, and a 50 per cent grant for those earning up to EUR
75,000, up to a maximum of EUR 2,500.

Systems that have not been registered are more likely to be inspected, the
department has said. Inspections are due to begin this year with details being
finalised by the Environmental Protection Agency.

Fianna F\x90il environment spokesman Barry Cowen yesterday asked the Government
to extend its deadline until the national inspection plan has been published.

I am again appealing to Minister Hogan to extend the registration deadline to
the end of April so that the new inspection standards can be published and
scrutinised in full,  he said.

A boycott of the charge is being urged by the Campaign Against Household and
Water Taxes.

Government grant

Socialist councillor Ruth Coppinger said the grant being given by the Government
would not cover costs for most people. She urged the State to bring people into
the public system or give them a 100 per cent grant.

We should continue the boycott until we get what s needed . . . they can t take
100,000 people to court,  she said.

The fee results from a European Court of Justice ruling to regulate the
installation and use of septic tanks.

A reduced EUR 5 registration fee was available until the end of September but
fewer than 40 per cent of septic tank owners availed of the lower rate before it
increased to EUR 50.

According to the 2011 Census, there are 497,281 septic tanks and other on-site
waste-water treatment systems in the State.

Water water... Treatment systems by council area   On-site waste water treatment
systems registered as a percentage of total as of Wednesday January 30th
Dublin City 3%   Sth Dublin County 40%   Fingal 43%   Limerick City 43%   D\xA3n
Laoghaire Rathdown44%   Galway City 46%   Donegal 50%   Louth 51%   Monaghan 55%
Waterford 55%   Cork County 56%   Galway County 58%   Kildare County 59%
Waterford City 62%   Limerick County 63%   Meath 64%   Wexford 64%   Laois 65%
Offaly 66%   Carlow 66%   South Tipperary 66%   Kilkenny 67%   Longford67%
Wicklow70%   Westmeath 70%   Sligo 71%   North Tipperary 72%   Cork 72%
Roscommon 73%   Leitrim 73%   Cavan 73%   Mayo 74%   Clare 79%   Kerry 91%

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              343 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           The Mercury (South Africa)

                          December 19, 2007 Wednesday
                                   e1 Edition

The pawns who watch|events in Polokwane;
Ordinary South Africans continue to ask for ordinary things like daily access|to
water without having to pay in advance or be disconnected

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 794 words


While most South Africans occupy themselves with all that comes with the
holidays, an equally captivating event is perhaps the ANC conference that draws
to a close at Polokwane.

So, with the events at Polokwane and the holidays overwhelming us, one could
easily be led to believe that the struggles that face common people have
disappeared. But they haven't.

South Africans continue to ask for the most basic things, like the
constitutionally guaranteed right of access to sufficient water.

Just over a week ago, the Johannesburg High Court heard an application
challenging the constitutionality and lawfulness of water prepayment meters and
the sufficiency of the free basic water allocation to poor residents in Phiri,
Soweto.

With the imposition of the prepaid meters, the residents' water supply is
automatically disconnected when they do not have sufficient money to purchase
water credit. Prepayment meters provide none of the usual procedural protection
against administrative errors and household emergencies, which are provided by
conventional credit meters.

So Phiri residents do not want prepaid meters and are demanding 50 litres of
water, per person per day, free of charge.

Six kilolitres of free water a month, as is currently the case, is simply not
enough.

Clearly, it must be a sign of madness when people living in abject vulnerability
and poverty have to go to court to demand access to sufficient water that's not
governed by a prepaid meters, while the wealthy have ample water and a
conventional meter.

Yes, I know that the real culprits are ruthless market forces, operating within
a neo-liberal framework, but commodifying water to this extent is evil and sick.

Take for example what this means for Phumzile*, a real person who is observing
the events at Polokwane, and having a terrible festive season.

Living in Phiri, Phumzile is a 39-year-old single mother. She shares her stand
with 20 people: 13 other family members in the main house - her mother, her two
sisters and their 10 children - and six boarders in two backyard shacks.

None in her house is employed. Their only income comes from her mother's pension
of R820 a month, two child support grants of R190 a month and approximately R150
a month from each of the two families renting the backyard shacks.

Her already difficult life has been rendered all but impossible since October 11
2004, when the family finally conceded to the installation of a water prepayment
meter after enduring six months without any water supply at all because of their
resistance to Johannesburg Water's pilot prepaid meter project in Phiri.

Surviving close to the breadline, Phumzile's household has always struggled to
buy food and to purchase essentials each month.

Yet, before the prepaid system, each person was at least assured of sufficient
water to cover basic needs.

This is because, under the previous deemed consumption system, the household's
water supply was never disconnected, even though she was often unable to pay the
water bills.

The introduction of the prepaid system has withdrawn this critical safety net:
now when there is no money to purchase water credit over and above the free
basic water amount, the water supply is automatically disconnected.

Phumzile has lost count of the number of times her water supply has been
discontinued because of her inability to pay for water beyond the insufficient
free basic water allocation.

She now measures time in litres: how long will the six kilolitres of free basic
water last her extended household - 10 days, 12 days, more?

In her personal experience, if everyone is very careful and restricts the number
of toilet flushes to one flush each a day and the number of body washes to one
per person every second day, the water supply sometimes lasts until the 15th day
of the month.

But the standard six kilolitre free basic allocation is simply not enough to
cover the basic water needs of 20 people, and her household routinely is unable
to afford the cost of additional water credit.

Phumzile's household must either sacrifice other essentials such as food, or
they must restrict their water consumption in ways that compromise dignity and
health.

The court has postponed judement in this case.

People are already saying that the outcome at Polokwane may result in a
situation where we will have a government that empathises with the poor, putting
the needs of working-class citizens before the needs of international market
forces.

The highest profile campaign against commodified water was in Cochabamba,
Bolivia, close to a decade ago.

If things don't change, the next Cochabamba may very well be Johannesburg or
even Durban.

*Not her real name

q Imraan Buccus is a political researcher and a PhD fellow in the Netherlands.
He writes in his personal capacity.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NM


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              344 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Irish Daily Mail

                            January 30, 2015 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

ANOTHER PPS BUNGLE OVER IRISH WATER;
Personal numbers now required to attain (EURO)100 conservation grant' Ministers
making water rules up as they go along'

BYLINE: Neil Michael

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1,4

LENGTH: 988 words


PPS numbers will have to be handed over if families want to claim their
(EURO)100 water conservation grant.

The Government was last night accused of 'making this up as it goes along' after
it announced in November that Irish Water would delete people's PPS numbers
following a groundswell of opposition against the policy.

While the utility committed this week to begin destroying those numbers, the
Department of Social Protection last night flew in the face of that order as it
confirmed it will ask homeowners for the PPS digits when they apply for their
(EURO)100 grant.

Adding to the confusion last night, the Department of Environment initially said
that householders would only need to register with Irish Water  One to claim the
grant and that there was 'no requirement to supply a PPS number'.

However, when it was put to it that the Department of Social Protection had
confirmed it would seek PPS numbers, Alan Kelly's department changed its
position.

'You don't have to supply your PPS number to register with [Irish Water]. But
registration is necessary to qualify for the grant,' an official said. 'This
scheme will be administered by DSP (Department of Social Protection) and they
will decide what info is required after that.'

Last night Barry Cowen TD said the Government had found itself in 'another fine
mess' involving Irish Water, and the Fianna Fáil environment spokesman called on
Mr Kelly to come before the Dáil and make a statement explaining 'what on earth
is going on'. He said last night: 'It really looks like this Government is just
making this up as it goes along.

'One minute they made a big deal about saying people won't need to give Irish
Water their PPS numbers to register their customer application. And this was
presented as some enormous climbdown. But now, we learn that people are going to
have to use their PPS numbers anyway.' He added: 'This all serves to prove the
Government is desperately trying to clean up from the mess it has already made
of this. But in doing so, they have now landed themselves in another fine mess.'

The Department of Social Protection told the Mail last night it would need
people to give it their PPS number to get the (EURO)100 payment.

It said: 'The Department of Environment and Irish Water do not collect PPS
numbers as part of the water registration process. To process and pay the water
conservation grant, the Department of Social Protection will require the
applicant's PPS number.'

The demand for Personal Public Service numbers by Irish Water became one of the
main bones of contention in the water charges controversy. A campaign against
the requirement had been led by senator and former businessman Feargal Quinn.
Fianna Fáil frontbencher Willie O'Dea also refused to surrender his PPS number
to Irish Water.

The Limerick TD said members of the public were genuinely afraid to hand over
their details, amid concerns that Irish Water would be privatised in future -
and thus be able to hike water prices.

The embarrassing revelation that PPS numbers would have to be handed over after
all capped another day of bad publicity involving the payment of water charges.

Yesterday morning it emerged that Joan Burton's Social Protection Department has
asked for more resources to cover the cost of distributing the (EURO)100 payment
to households across the country.

Niamh O'Donoghue, secretary general of Ms Burton's department, warned that
delivery of the grant 'imposes an additional burden on the department'.

In a letter to the Department of Public Expenditure she pointed out that
consultancy costs, postal charges, advertising charges and administration costs
would all have to be paid for. In the letter - released to RTÉ under the Freedom
of Information Act - she told the department: 'I do not have scope within the
existing allocation to meet this new and additional demand.'

Despite the apparent confusion about when exactly the grant will be paid, and
how people would receive it, Junior Social Protection Minister Kevin Humphreys
told RTÉ's Today With Seán O'Rourke programme yesterday that the grant will be
paid in September.

'What I want to reassure people today is that that payment will be made in
September,' he said. 'The 1.3million households will receive the water
conservation grant in September as planned in the Budget.

'I don't see any excessive costs in this. We're now going to negotiate with the
[Department of Public Expenditure] in relation to this and make sure it's done
as costeffectively as possible.'

The Irish Daily Mail understands it will cost around (EURO)1.5million to set up
a new system to make and run the payments in the first year and then around
(EURO)700,000 a year thereafter.

However, this is the estimate if the contract was outsourced to a private
company. It is believed costs would be more if the operation was run by the
civil service on an overtime basis.

And when asked how the grant will be paid in a cost-friendly way, Mr Humphreys
admitted: 'I don't know', adding: 'That's the process we are working (on). No
decision has been made exactly how that payment will be given to customers.'

The Department of the Environment estimates the State will pay out a (EURO)100
grant to 1.3million households across the country, costing the Exchequer
(EURO)130million before any red-tape costs are taken into account. When asked if
Revenue had been approached to be part of the process of paying the grant via,
for example, tax credits, a spokesman for Mr Kelly's department said: 'There is
no role for the Revenue Commissioners in this scheme.'

Independent TD Catherine Murphy said: 'It was very obvious there was going to be
a need for additional resources within the department... This is an exercise in
creative accounting. That's what I said in the Dáil in relation to this water
conservation grant. It has nothing to do with water conservation.' Comment -
Page 14 neil.michael@dailymail.ie

'Nothing to do with conservation'

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mixed message: Tánaiste Joan Burton

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DML


          Copyright 2015 Irish Daily Mail - Associated Newspapers Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              345 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                           November 11, 2014 Tuesday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Grants, regulations and dealing with Irish Water

SECTION: FARMING;NEWS; Pg. 16,17

LENGTH: 416 words


Q: Am I eligible for grant aid? A: You are eligible if providing a piped supply
of water to an existing house for the first time or carrying out improvements to
a seriously deficient existing piped supply of water to a house. You are also
eligible if the dwelling is seven years old or over and not already connected to
a public water supply Who is not eligible? A person is not eligible for a grant
if: ? The house is not occupied by the applicant as his or her normal place of
residence (e.g. a holiday home); ? The house is at present connected to a public
or group scheme water supply; ? The area in which the house is located is or is
about to be served by a public water supply; ? The house is under construction
or has been constructed within the previous seven years.

How far should a drinking water well be located from a septic tank system?
Locating the well up gradient of the tank is most important.

Regulations may require a setback distance of 100ft or more depending on your
council regulations.

What width should my entrance be to allow access for the machine? Allow at least
8ft to 10ft minimum and remember the drilling rigs are heavy machines so expect
some ground damage.

How much will my well cost? Price per foot/meter will usually be given in a free
quotation. Final cost will depend on depth of well on completion but a ballpark
minimum cost is (EURO)3,500.

Will my new or existing well be subject to water rates to be introduced by the
government? No. Private wells will not be charged water rates, only homes that
get their mains supply from the local authority will be affected.

Can an unregistered farmer claim VAT back on the drilling of a well? Yes,
unregistered farmers can claim vat back at the end of the year on the VAT 58
form.

Will farmers be customers of Irish Water? You will be a customer of Irish Water
if your household is supplied from the public water main and/or you use a public
sewer for the removal and treatment of wastewater (so even if you have your own
well but are still using the public sewer for removal of wastewater, you will be
an Irish Water customer) When will the charges start? The domestic water charges
came into effect six weeks ago on 1 October 2014 and bills will start being
issued in January 2015.

How much will I have to pay? This remains to be seen for now but it is estimated
that the average household will pay around (EURO)200 in charges. For a farm use
this will be much greater, making the payback time for a well more attractive.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: THIRSTY WORK: The average dairy cow consumes up to 25 gallons of water
daily

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              346 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             May 21, 2005 Saturday
                                 VVoice Edition

Consultant advises increase for Liberty Lake sewer rates

BYLINE: Melodie Little Staff writer

SECTION: V; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 534 words


The process of utility rate setting was as clear as mud after a consultant
walked through more variables than a calculus equation during a Wednesday sewer
district meeting.

What became abundantly clear, however, is that Liberty Lake homeowners and
developers will pay more for sewer service.

Edward Cebron, a principal of Financial Consulting Solutions Group Inc., a firm
that conducts studies that help utilities set rates, said he is recommending
increases to defray costs of building and maintaining the $11 million sewer
plant.

If the commissioners approve the increases, households will pay an additional
$6.50 a month, starting in 2005. For the next three years, households will see
and increase of $1 per month, or about $12 a year.

Liberty Lake Sewer and Water District hasn't raised sewer rates since 1990.

The district's sewer rates were the lowest among six Spokane and North Idaho
utilities, ranging in size from the city of Spokane to Airway Heights, he said.
The proposed increases would put rates into the midrange comparatively.

Hookup fees for new residential homes could increase from $3,700 to $4,552,
making hookup charges the second highest among the cities.

Owners of dedicated capacity (capacity that was pre-paid and reserved in the
original plant) would also pay toward plant upgrades.

Developers with dedicated capacity would pay $1,389 to access service inside
district boundaries and $2,178 to tap into dedicated capacity outside
boundaries.

"Growth pays for growth is the buzz word we hear and try to use," Cebron told
the group.

"We're basically recommending a three-tier system that would be applied to new
development."

When a member of the audience asked about the district's contractual obligations
to honor dedicated capacity without additional charges, Cebron said, "The
present plant would not be allowed to discharge into the Spokane River without
the present upgrades."

Ultimately, the consultant said, rates should proportionately reflect usage.

For example, if residual accounts create 80 percent of the billing expenses,
then household rates should shoulder 80 percent of that cost.

Utility fees should support the current system, lay the foundation for the next
10 years of improvements and pay for debt load.

Because the district has good reserves, ratepayers will benefit from a public
works trust fund loan with a one-half-percent interest rate, he said.

"These days it's one of the closest things to grant programs that we have."

When Mayor Steve Peterson asked about water charges, the consultant said that
current rates are average.

However, he said, a study three years ago found that water rates could have been
reduced by 10 to 15 percent.

At the time, commissioners chose to keep rates constant to encourage water
conservation, an ongoing issue because Liberty Lake has limited water rights and
brisk development.

The result of larger-than-average water bills is a surplus that's applicable
toward future water system upgrades, he said.

SIDEBAR:

COMING UP

MEETING

Liberty Lake Sewer and Water District is holding a meeting to gather community
input on proposed rate increases at 7 p.m. May 31 in the district's
administrative office, 22510 E. Mission Ave.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              347 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                           December 14, 2012, Friday

State briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P4C

LENGTH: 955 words


Rural counties to get high-speed Internet

High-speed Internet service is coming for the first time to some rural areas in
West Virginia.

About 2,300 households in Ohio, Brooke, Marshall and Wetzel counties are
expected to subscribe to the service after the West Virginia Broadband
Deployment Council awarded $2.05 million to companies that plan to build
wireless towers. The companies will also serve the new customers in those rural
areas. Besides the four counties, high-speed service will also be provided to
Newville in Braxton County.

The council had nearly $4 million to distribute Wednesday, but the group
rejected the bulk of grant applications designed to expand broadband service
into rural communities. That's because Frontier Communications plans to provide
high-speed Internet in many of those same areas without state subsidies.

Ash-killing insect discovered in 24 counties

An invasive insect that has killed millions of ash trees now has been detected
in 24 West Virginia counties.

The West Virginia Department of Agriculture says it has added seven counties to
the list of localities that have an infestation of the emerald ash borer. The
seven additions are Mercer, Ritchie, Braxton, Hampshire, Mineral, Lewis and
Lincoln counties.

Agriculture Commissioner Gus R. Douglass says the invasive insect can hitch a
ride on firewood moved from one area to another. He advises against moving
firewood when camping.

The borer has killed millions of ash trees in North America. It has been found
in Canada, Kentucky, Maryland, Ohio, the northeast and states in the Midwest.

Small cities grants OK'd for 17 projects

Some $12.5 million in small cities block grants are headed to localities around
West Virginia to fund 17 projects.

Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin said Wednesday more than $66 million in other public funds
will be leveraged to complete the projects. He said the projects will serve
about 12,200 residents, a majority of whom are low- and moderate-income.

Some of the projects that will benefit include $1.3 million to extend water
service in a section of Boone County, $1.3 million for sewer improvements in the
Taylor County town of Flemington, $1 million to provide water service to 240
households in Lincoln County and $1.1 million to provide water service to 94
households in Wetzel County.

Conference focuses on children's health

Childbirth and children's health issues are the focus of a conference in
Charleston this week.

The goal of the conference Thursday and Friday at the Charleston Marriott is to
educate professionals from a variety of fields.

Discussions are planned on the social, emotional and economic origins of poor
health and policies that promote better health outcomes for pregnant women,
infants and children.

Among the specific subjects scheduled to be discussed include caring for
drug-dependent babies, child poverty, post-partum depression, reducing teen
pregnancy, and infants' safe sleeping habits.

The conference is sponsored by the Charleston Area Medical Center's Health
Education and Research Institute, the West Virginia Perinatal Partnership and
the West Virginia Healthy Kids and Families Coalition.

Historic Martinsburg hotel fails to sell

MARTINSBURG - The owner of a Martinsburg landmark says he's not too disappointed
the Shenandoah Hotel didn't sell at auction.

Maryland-based Gateway Holdings wanted at least $550,000 - the amount owner Ben
Fogle still owes the bank for investments he's made in the property. But this
week's highest offer was $185,000.

Fogle, 77, said he doesn't want to leave his relatives with a property that's
hard to manage.

He tells The Journal it's both a blessing and a curse to keep it.

The five-story building recently housed several businesses on the first floor.
Its upper four floors have been closed for several years.

The lobby, dining room and ballroom have hosted several recent community
functions.

The hotel opened in 1926 and is listed on the National Register of Historic
Places.

WVU board OKs $320 million in projects

MORGANTOWN - West Virginia University's Board of Governors has approved a plan
that calls for more than $320 million in construction and renovations over the
next five years.

The board approved the plan during a telephone meeting Thursday.

Some projects are currently under way, including a new engineering research
building, an addition to the law school and a new sport sciences building.

Still on the drawing board are an agricultural sciences building, an art museum
and student housing.

In October, WVU announced it's partnering with Paradigm Development Group LLC to
build a $70 million residential and retail complex called University Place in
Sunnyside by fall 2014.

It's all part of WVU's 2020 Strategic Plan for the Future.

Most financing will come from bonds issued last year, a future bond issue and
donations.

Group targets sugary drinks in schools

Health officials are asking the West Virginia Legislature to eliminate
sugar-sweetened drinks from the state's public schools.

Chairwoman Helen Matheny of the West Virginia Healthy Lifestyles Coalition cites
the state's high rankings for obesity and Type 2 diabetes in recommending the
action.

West Virginia sought to limit soft drinks in schools with a law passed last
decade. But Matheny says its wording has created a conflict with state Board of
Education and U.S. Department of Agriculture policies.

Matheny said the Healthy Lifestyles Coalition recommends the law's repeal. It
also wants public schools to require that a least half of every physical
education class involve moderate to rigorous activity.

The coalition is also calling for schools to share their gym and
exercise-related facilities more with their communities.

Matheny addressed lawmakers Wednesday.

COMPILED FROM WIRE REPORTS

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers


                              348 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 20, 2014 Sunday

Washington: USDA Provides Aid to 73,000 Rural Californians Impacted by Drought

LENGTH: 554  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced USDA is providing $9.7 million
in emergency water assistance to 73,000 residents in 11 California counties
experiencing the driest year on record.

"This drought is devastating those who live, work and raise their families in
much of rural California," Vilsack said. "It is threatening the survival of
whole communities and livelihoods of folks throughout the state. From Siskiyou
County in the north to Kern County in the south, this disaster is crippling
communities up and down the 600-mile spine of California.

"The emergency water grants we are announcing today are triple the amount we
committed to when President Obama and I visited the state earlier this year,"
Vilsack added. "I am proud of the work USDA Rural Development staff in
California and Washington, D.C., have done to get this funding to those in need
and the work they have done with municipal leaders in these rural communities to
help residents, businesses and agricultural producers."

Extreme weather, such as the intense drought occurring in the western United
States, is putting a strain on water supplies. The Obama Administration is
committed to increasing investments in the nation's water infrastructure to
mitigate the impact of climate change and to ensure that all Americans have
adequate, safe and reliable water supplies. The National Climate Assessment
released earlier this year illustrates the impact of climate change across the
country.

This announcement is part of broader Obama Administration efforts to help those
impacted by the drought. Through the National Drought Resilience Partnership,
launched as part of President Obama's Climate Action Plan, federal agencies are
working closely with states, local governments, agriculture and other partners
on a coordinated response.

The 25 rural California communities are being helped by funding provided through
USDA's Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant (ECWAG) program. This program
helps rural communities that have experienced a significant decline in the
quantity or quality of drinking water due to an emergency. In January, USDA
streamlined the program's application process to expedite emergency water
assistance to communities in need, particularly in drought-impacted areas.

In addition to support from the ECWAG program, USDA is helping rural communities
meet their water needs through Water and Waste Disposal loans and grants and
Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households (SEARCH)
grants. USDA Rural Development has also approved grant funding to establish a
revolving fund to provide low-interest loans to rural homeowners for household
water wells.

For example, the small community of Cameron Creek Colony in Tulare County is
struggling due to severe drought. About 10 percent of its residents have no
access to water because their wells have run dry. Others have only intermittent
access.

The city of Farmersville, Calif., is receiving a $500,000 ECWAG grant to
construct pipelines connecting Cameron Creek Colony to the Farmersville water
main and linking residents to the water system. This will provide much-needed
relief throughout the community.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              349 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             April 19, 2011 Tuesday

Hungary: Water Supply Rehabilitation Ózd

LENGTH: 316  words


Country: Hungary
Amount of the Swiss grant: CHF 7%165%500
Total budget of the project: CHF 8%430%000
Date of grant approval: 23.08.2010
The control system for the water supply in the municipality of Ózd is
antiquated, and 700 to 800 households are not connected to it. Switzerland
intends to change this situation by a project contribution of CHF 7.1 million.
The aim is to ensure the same level of service standard in the entire
municipality, to improve the water quality, and to reduce maintenance costs.


The municipality of Ózd town in partnership with the Ózd Water and Canalisation
Ltd, a publicly owned company that operates the drinking water supply, strives
to rehabilitate the most critical elements of its water supply infrastructure
(network pipes and devices and storage basins). The transportation mains, city
mains and household connections suffer from early aging due to poor quality of
the pipes, un-thorough execution of the mounting works and insufficient bedding
of the pipes. Furthermore the deterioration is accelerated by the aggressive
geological conditions.
The municipality of Ózd, Ózd Water and Canalisation Ltd. as well as the 38  400
inhabitants of this area.
The Project of Goals:
To provide the same level of service (security of supply and quality) in the
urban area of Ózd.
To meet the current EU standards.
To enable the water company to cover a part of the maintenance costs from the
savings due to this project and also to invest the savings partly into the
rehabilitation of the entire network even after this project is implemented.
The Project of Results:
A part of the water supply infrastructure in the city is rehabilitated.
In one district, which does not yet have a connection to the central supply, the
drinking water network is rebuilt and connects 3%500 people or 700-800
households.
The risk of secondary water pollution decreases.

country :Hungary
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright Tenders Info 2011
                        Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              350 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             Ottumwa Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 25, 2011 Tuesday

Hedrick shoulders sewer rate hikes

BYLINE: Chelsea Davis, Ottumwa Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 692 words


Oct. 25--HEDRICK -- As the debate over sewer rate increases continues in
Ottumwa, Hedrick city officials take a look at the sewer rate hike their
citizens have been shouldering since July 2010.

Though the city did not undergo a sewer separation project like Ottumwa, it did
receive significant upgrades to its lift station and water treatment plant.

In late 2007, reports were filed and planning began for the upgrades.
Construction on a new lift station began in March 2010, upgrades to the water
treatment plant began in March 2011 and the entire project was completed by
September.

In total, the project cost just under $4.6 million, with 65 percent funded by
grants and forgivable loans. The city now owes $1.605 million by 2030, a 20-year
timeline.

After looking at a couple other options, the city could find no way around
placing the burden of paying off its debt on its citizens.

Ann Spilman, Hedrick city clerk, and Tom Richards, Hedrick public works
director, said they heard mixed reactions from the public.

"They understand that it had to be done in order to follow all of the
guidelines," Spilman said. "It was required."

Sarah Campbell and Clint Wienen from MSA Professional Services, Inc.'s Des
Moines office, Hedrick's engineering consulting firm, heard a different story.

"There was not a very favorable reaction," Campbell, MSA engineer, said. "Since
1995, their sewer rates had been the same. But we held a public meeting and
several public hearings to go over the rates, so the public was aware that rates
would increase."

Before the upgrades, a household paid $12.45 per 3,000 gallons per month, and
$4.15 for every 1,000 gallons per month used after.

After the upgrades, the city had to establish a completely different rate
structure.

Citizens are now paying a base rate of $27.50 per month -- no matter their water
usage -- and $5.30 for every 1,000 gallons used.

Therefore, if the common household uses 4,000 gallons of water a month, before
the sewer rate increase they would have paid $16.60 per month. Now they would
pay $48.70 per month.

"They would pay $27.50 even if they used zero gallons," Campbell said. "It's a
base rate just to have sewer service. That way they're making it more fair for
people that use less water. It's better for people that hardly use it."

Campbell said it's better to base the sewer rates on usage because it shows "how
much operation and maintenance has to go into the system."

While Ottumwans are bound to see a raised sewer rate on future bills due to the
city's sewer separation project, Hedrick's population of 764 has to foot the
$1.605 million bill with a 200 percent increase to their monthly sewer rate.

But they are, in fact, faring better than most Iowa cities due to the amount of
funding they received.

The city was successful in its grant applications, receiving $840,000 in a
Community Development Block Grant (CDBG), $1.1 million from the Wastewater
Treatment Financial Assistance Program, a 40 percent forgivable loan of $899,000
from the state reserve program and a $60,000 forgivable loan for the project's
sustainable, or "green," elements.

In order to qualify to apply for the CDBG, 51 percent of the population
benefiting from the project had to be at the low- and moderate-income bracket.

According to Logistics Management Institute surveys conducted by MSA, 60.54
percent of Hedrick's population fell into the low- and-moderate income bracket,
meaning 462  people make at or below the median household income for Keokuk
County, which was $42,969 in 2009, according to the 2010 Census.

"Hedrick is probably one of the cities that received the most grants at one
time," Campbell said.

Spilman and Richards said it was because the city was on top of grant writing
and planning.

The Iowa Department of Natural Resources looked at how much progress each city
was making and its income needs and scored each project accordingly.

"Most cities only get around 40 percent covered," Campbell said, which is 25
percent less than what Hedrick earned.

___ (c)2011 the Ottumwa Courier (Ottumwa, Iowa) Visit the Ottumwa Courier
(Ottumwa, Iowa) at www.ottumwacourier.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111025-OT-Hedrick-shoulders-sewer-rate-hikes-1025-20111025

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OT


                         Copyright 2011 Ottumwa Courier


                              351 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                            January 23, 2017 Monday

Cold water poured on lead pipe plan

SECTION: IRELAND

LENGTH: 516 words


The utility has already begun pouring resources into removing the dangerous
metal from public mains to safeguard against a wide range of illnesses and
problems affecting fertility, development and mental health.

However, its own technical reports say the efforts will  not achieve significant
benefits  if private householders do not replace the last section of pipe
running through their garden and house.

At least 180,000 homes  and many public buildings, schools and hospitals   have
drinking water running through lead pipes but a grant scheme to assist with
replacing them has had only a handful of applicants and plumbers say they have
had virtually no requests to carry out the work.

If householders cannot be persuaded to take action, the question of greatly
ramping up grant assistance or carrying out the work directly for free will have
to be considered   both options that would add massively to the cost.

Half the country s local authorities, which administer the grant, responded to
queries about the number of applications they received. Eleven had none while
Cork City received one, Limerick and Galway had two each, and Dublin cCity had
six.

That is despite grants covering 80% the cost of the work up to a maximum of
4,000 being available to households with an income of  50,000 or less, and 50%
grants worth up to  2,500 for households with an income between  50,000-75,000.

The Association of Plumbing and Heating Contractors (APHCI) said its members had
little or no inquiries about inspecting for or replacing lead pipes either under
the grant scheme or independently.

The feedback we re getting is absolutely no, there is nobody asking to have lead
pipes replaced,  said APHCI chairman Sean Giffney.

People seem to take the view that they don t really want to know. I don t think
they really appreciate the dangers.

You can tell them anything about water pipes inside the house but don t tell
them anything about pipes outside. Nine times out of 10 they ll have cobblelock
driveways or tarmac or concrete and they don t want you digging that up so they
d rather turn a blind eye.

Irish Water said exposure to lead posed  serious health risks , particularly for
children, and EU regulations imposed strict limits on its levels in drinking
water.

Its draft Lead in Drinking Water Mitigation Plan warns that replacing pipes on
the public side alone  will not solve the problem .

This strategy will not be effective to reduce lead concentrations in drinking
water at customer taps.

While Irish Water has been advising householders in homes built up to 1980 to
check for lead pipes, Mr Giffney warned that an internal inspection may not
suffice.

You find houses where the pipes were replaced but only up to a foot or two
inside the property boundary because people didn t want their garden wall
damaged,  he said.  That would have been quite normal through the 1980s.

So even if Irish Water comes now and replaces the pipes to the public stopcock,
there s still an old section left between the stopcock and the homeowner s newer
pipes. That s enough to keep the lead going into the water.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              352 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                           February 22, 2007 Thursday
                                   e1 Edition

R45bn allocated to infrastructure over next three years

BYLINE: THABANG MOKOPANELE

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 531 words


Johannesburg - Trevor Manuel yesterday announced national transfers for
infrastructure amounting to R45.1 billion for the next three years.

He allocated R12.7 billion, R17.3 billion and R15.1 billion respectively for
each year of the three-year medium-term expenditure framework (MTEF).

Municipalities, public transport, national electrification, regional bulk water
services, water and sanitation to schools and clinics, electrification of
schools and clinics and 2010 soccer World Cup stadiums development grants make
up the infrastructure transfers to local government.

The largest infrastructure transfers - R7.5 billion, R8.1 billion and R9.1
billion transferred over the successive MTEF years - are through the municipal
infrastructure grant (MIG), which supports the government's objective of
boosting delivery of basic services to poor households and alleviating poverty.

Over the 2007 MTEF, R24.7 billion is available for the MIG programme.

The ring-fenced allocation for the eradication of bucket sanitation is phased
into the local government equitable share in 2008/09, as the programme is
expected to be completed by that time.

The grant also seeks to stimulate local economic development and job creation
over the medium term.

Municipalities are required to dedicate a portion of their capital budgets to
labour-intensive projects to help meet the employment targets of the expanded
public works programme. The department of public works received R125 million to
improve its capacity to manage this programme, which aims to increase labour
intensity in the construction and maintenance of government infrastructure
through the use of unemployed and unskilled workers.

A further R380 million will go towards the critical maintenance and upgrading of
border posts, and R259 million will go towards boosting human resources and
information technology capacity and support to the construction industry.

The public transport infrastructure grant, which is administered by the
transport department, has been allocated R1.2 billion in 2007/08, R3.2 billion
in 2008/09 and R2.3 billion in 2009/10.

The grant provides for the planning, establishment, construction and improvement
of new and existing public transport infrastructure and systems.

The neighbourhood development grant, which will be administered by the national
treasury, has been allocated R500 million in 2007/08, R1.5 billion in 2008/09
and R1.7 billion in 2008/10.

The grant provides municipalities with technical assistance to develop
appropriate project proposals for property development in townships and new
residential areas.

In line with its objectives to eradicate the electricity backlogs, particularly
to poor households, the government plans to spend R6 billion over the next three
years on the national electrification programme. Of this amount, R2.2 billion
would be spent directly by municipalities and R3.8 billion by Eskom on behalf of
the municipalities.

The water services regional bulk infrastructure grant, which supplements the
financing of the social component of regional bulk water sanitation
infrastructure, has been allocated R300 million in 2007/08, R450 million in
2008/09 and R650 million in 2009/10.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              353 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                            July 19, 1997, Saturday,

WALDOBORO COULD LOSE FEDERAL GRANT, LOANS;
 FAILURE TO LOCK UP PURCHASE OF THE WALDOBORO WATER CO. BY AUGUST COULD COST THE
TOWN $ 2.1 MILLION.

BYLINE: Susan Rayfield Staff Writer

SECTION: COAST & STATE, Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 473 words

DATELINE: WALDOBORO


The town of Waldoboro could be about to lose $ 2.1 million in federal funds
because of stalled negotiations to buy the Waldoboro Water Company.

The town wants to purchase the firm, which supplies its public drinking water,
to upgrade the system in compliance with the Safe Drinking Water Act. The water
company's owner, Paul Ring of New Harbor, is under a court order to sell.

Despite repeated attempts to open discussions, Ring has not responded
constructively, according to Waldoboro Town Manager Lee Smith. ''I'm discouraged
that this isn't going to happen,'' Smith said. ''It's unfortunate to see the
deal fall through.''

On July 2, Portland business consultant Steven Thing was appointed by an Augusta
Superior Court judge to serve as trustee, with a year to negotiate the sale of
the company on Ring's behalf.

Thing is more optimistic about the outcome. ''I think there's a fair chance we
will resolve the difficulties,'' he said. ''If we can reach a handshake by the
required time, I think we can satisfy the federal requirements to lock in the
funds.''

But if a deal is not struck by early August, the Rural Development
administration (formerly Farmers Home Administration) will take back $ 800,000
in grant money, and $ 1.3 million in loans.

The actual closing would take another two or three months, according to Thing,
during which time Ring would have an opportunity to object in court. Thing
believes the government would allow the delay.

At town meeting last summer, residents voted to purchase the company for $
387,200, contingent on federal financing. Ring wanted an immediate sale,
according to Smith. When the federal money didn't come through until January
1997, Ring lost interest in negotiating.

Reached at his home Friday, Ring responded, ''What negotiations?'' He declined
further comment.

Waldoboro Water Company has been in receivership since the fall of 1996, when
the state issued a boil-water order after finding bacteria in the system. Ring
was financially unable to upgrade and so Consumer's Maine Water Co. took over
operation.

With the town out of the picture, Thing will have to find another buyer for the
company, most likely Consumers, Smith said.

The town wanted to use the money left after the purchase to find a new source of
groundwater, with enough volume to supply 200 gallons per minute, and to build a
storage tank with a capacity to hold up to 400,000 gallons.

Rates, currently averaging $ 220 a year per household, are scheduled to rise,
reflecting the cost of bring the system into compliance. Proposed rates under
town ownership would be $ 346 per year.

''If we go the private route, the rates could go up to $ 488 per year,'' Smith
said.

More than 370 households, a quarter of all the households in Waldoboro, are on
public water. The rest have wells.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 1997 Guy Gannett Communications, Inc.


                              354 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                            October 24, 2014 Friday

Rajasthan to get $500-million ADB loan to improve urban services

LENGTH: 347  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 24 -- The Asian Development Bank (ADB) on Friday approved of two
loans amounting to half a billion dollars, to help Rajasthan Government upgrade
water and sewerage facilities and manage essential urban services.


 "For the first time in India, we have coupled a policy loan to support urban
sector reforms with a project loan for infrastructure development to ensure that
improvements to urban services like water and wastewater can be maintained over
the long term," said Fei Yue, Director (South Asia Urban and Water Division),
ADB.
 "Reliable urban services will improve health, the quality of life and
ultimately, support economic growth in India's towns and cities," he added.
 A $250-million policy loan will be used to finance the creation of a new State
body to oversee urban services development and an independent utility to oversee
water and wastewater operations in Jaipur.
 Planned reforms include delegating such operations to municipal bodies and the
rationalization of water tariffs and property tax to ensure a sustainable
revenue stream for the institutions.
 The other $250-million project loan will support water system improvements in
five cities - Hanumangarh, Jhunjhunu, Pali, Sri Ganganagar, and Tonk.
 Upgrades will include nearly 200,000 new house connections with proper metering
to cut losses. Around a third of the connections will be in low-income
households.
 Additionally, the plan envisages upgrades in sewer pipelines and treatment
plants in the five cities along with Bhilwara.
 Wastewater recycling schemes are to be implemented and sludge used to generate
electricity along with 24 hours water supply. The programme is expected to be
completed by end-2019.
 A further $1-million grant from ADB's Technical Assistance Special Fund will
finance capacity building in State institutions while an additional $2-million
grant from the Sanitation Financing Partnership Trust Fund, supported by the
Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, will be used to finance sanitation
improvements in non-sewer areas for low-income households in two of the cities.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              355 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            November 6, 2001 Tuesday

More flood aid available to Grant County residents; Housing block grant: Brain
says federal money did not cover losses of some families

BYLINE: CRAIG REBER

SECTION: Pg. a3

LENGTH: 678 words

DATELINE: LANCASTER, Wis.


Additional help is available to Grant County residents who suffered flood damage
last spring.

The funding comes from a housing block grant, administered through the Wisconsin
Department of Administration. The money is in addition to federal disaster aid
that has already been distributed through the Federal Emergency Management
Agency.

"Although the federal aid was of great assistance to many county residents,
there are a number of families in our county that still have unmet needs," said
Grant County Emergency Management Director Steve Braun. "In particular,
homeowners who suffered over $$ @10,000 in damage recovered only a small portion
of their losses from the federal government."

According to Braun, residential damage estimates are in the hundreds of
thousands of dollars. Damages range from relatively minor - water in the
basement, damaged furnaces and water heaters, and minor cracks in the foundation
- to major damage, including homes that had flood water over the first floor.

Braun cited one home near the Platte River in Paris Township that had more than
four feet of water over the first floor. Another, located in Jamestown Township
near O'Leary's Lake, had at least three feet on the main floor. The most intense
damage occurred in Cassville, where water entered the basements of more than 150
homes - resulting in collapsed basement walls, cracked foundations, and rotted
structural components.

Activities eligible under the latest program include the repair, restoration,
and/or replacement of housing elements that were directly damaged by spring
flooding. This may include furnace and water heater replacement, repair of
septic systems, sewer lines and wells, and repair or replacement of a home's
foundation and/or structural components. Minor projects that will prevent or
reduce future flood damages may also be considered. Because of the time that has
elapsed since the flooding, individuals who have already completed repairs or
have accepted disaster assistance loans may be eligible for reimbursement under
the program.

Property losses, such as damage to appliances, furnishings, clothing and other
personal property are not eligible. Damages that were covered by insurance or
have already been reimbursed by FEMA or other programs are not eligible.

Because the funds originate from the Department of Housing and Urban
Development, income restrictions apply. To qualify for the assistance, an
applicant's household income must not exceed the county's median income. The
median household income, depending on family size, ranges from $$ @34,020 for a
one-person household, to $$ @48,600 for a family of four, to $$ @64,152 for a
family of eight.

Braun said assistance may also be available to owners of rental properties that
were damaged. However, there are some restrictions on the use of the funds for
rental properties. Landlords must rent to low- or moderate-income families for a
specified period of time, and must agree to limit annual rent increases.

A public hearing on the grant is scheduled for 7 p.m., Nov. 20, at the Cassville
Municipal Building. Grant County residents who experienced flood-related damages
are encouraged to attend the meeting.

Individuals wishing to apply for assistance must submit all the necessary
application materials before the priority deadline of Dec. 15. Applications
postmarked after Dec. 15 may still be eligible for any remaining funding, but
will be assigned a lower priority.

Grant County has contracted with Community Development Projects of Prairie du
Chien to administer the grant. For an application or to obtain more information,
call the community development office at 800/655-0683 and ask for Lori. The
Grant County Emergency Management Office (608/723-7171) will provide assistance
to applicants.

<br>

News You can use

Emergency Assistance Block Grant Hearing

7 p.m., Nov. 20, Cassville Municipal Building.

Grant County residents who experienced flood-related damages are encouraged to
attend the meeting.


LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mug - Steve Braun

                  Copyright 2001 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              356 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                             August 23, 2015 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Coalition faces more Irish Water torture

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 651 words


We argued last month that the government had made compliant taxpayers look like
mugs for paying their water bills. We reached this conclusion when it was
revealed every household registered with Irish Water would be eligible for an
annual grant of (EURO)100 from the state, regardless of whether they paid their
water charges. "This preposterous arrangement means that thousands of households
are effectively been rewarded for refusing to pay their water charges," we
wrote.

The sheer stupidity of this decision seems to have finally percolated up to the
top of government. In the usual kite-flying manner, we learnt last week that the
coalition is considering whether the grant should be available only to compliant
payers, as well as those who already pay for their water through group schemes.
Why anyone believed it was remotely fair that compliant and non-compliant water
users should be treated in the same manner in the first place remains a mystery,
but that's par for the course where the operation of Irish Water is concerned. A
change of policy, therefore, would be welcome but wouldn't go far enough. Even
with this change there would still be a two-tier system as there is no
indication that Irish Water will be allowed to impose meaningful measures that
would punish non-payers of water charges. Don't expect that matter to be
resolved until a new government is in charge.

If a change in policy on the (EURO)100 grant becomes reality, then such a U-turn
would signal a fundamental change in the relationship between the government and
Irish Water. Having failed the EU test that would have allowed Irish Water to be
treated as an ESB-type commercial entity with independent borrowing powers, the
company is now back on the state's books. Despite much bluster about the
accuracy of the figures used by Eurostat to reach its conclusion about Irish
Water, and assurances that the company can pass the test next year, it seems the
coalition may be resigned to keeping the company on the government's balance
sheet. Eurostat was critical of the state grant and complained, correctly, that
the price being charged for water was not economical. As the charges were among
the lowest in Europe, we already guessed as much. With so much public resistance
to water charges, the government has decided it must make a longterm commitment
to the grant. That means it will face the same criticism from Eurostat when it
puts Irish Water forward for the "market test" again. It is not in Ireland's
political interest to risk another rebuff.

Until the public can be weaned off the grant and water charges are allowed to
move up to their economic value, Irish Water is destined to become just another
spending drain on the exchequer, leaving the environment minister fighting for
investment with health, education, social protection and every other government
department.

Critics of Irish Water, both inside and outside the Dail, want the company
abolished and the management of water returned to local authorities. The
coalition, having invested so much political capital in this project, is not
prepared to do that. Instead, it is adopting the halfway-house approach. Irish
Water will limp on, but with far less independence than originally planned and
financed on a different basis. This change of emphasis will also have
implications for Irish Water's generously remunerated staff and their bonuses.
As the company has failed to achieve semi-state status, its overheads will be
subject to even greater scrutiny than before. Every euro saved on the company's
overheads is another euro the state will not have to borrow to fund the water
pipe replacement programme.

Alan Kelly, the environment minister, must now order a root and branch review of
Irish Water's operations, ensuring it operates the leanest possible management
structure and that all its overheads are brought into line with its modest
revenue base.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2015 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              357 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    The Evening Sun (Hanover, Pennsylvania)

                            January 23, 2011 Sunday

Survey leads L'town grant request

BYLINE: By CRAIG K. PASKOSKI The Evening Sun

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 637 words


Littlestown officials will need a little help from Lumber Street residents as
plans for possible street improvements progress.

The borough sent out surveys to households on Lumber Street last week seeking
information on income and the number of residents per home. The information will
be included in a Community Development Block Grant request the borough is
planning to submit to Adams County early next month seeking funds for
improvements to the street.

According to borough consultant James Schumacher, the area needs to meet certain
financial limits in order to qualify for the block grant funds.

"You have to have moderate income families," Schumacher said. "The only way to
prove that is to go door-to-door."

Anne Thomas, grants coordinator for the Adams County Office of Planning and
Development, said the department has spoken to Littlestown officials about
requirements for the grants.

"In order to be able to apply, they have to prove that the majority of people
who will benefit from the grant are low- to moderate-income level," Thomas said.
"They first have to make that determination."

According to Borough Secretary/Treasurer Sandy Conrad, the borough office sent
out more than 100 surveys to residents on Lumber Street. The replies go directly
to the Adams County Planning Department, which will analyze the results for the
borough.

Borough officials hope to finally begin making both road and sewer-line
improvements on Lumber Street, which have been on the back burner for several
years.

The borough has about $200,000 set aside from its liquid fuels tax that it
expects to be able to put toward the improvements.

"There is money in the pot. Hopefully, we can borrow a little bit and get it
done," Schumacher said.

Councilwoman Charlene Westcott said the borough hopes to do the Lumber Street
project in phases and reduce the impact on residents there.

"The goal is to try to streamline this a little more and inconvenience the
residents who live on that street as little as possible," Westcott said. "We
want to do it in stages."

There are several dozen households along Lumber Street, which runs parallel to
King Street.

The borough already has several other projects it needs to handle, including
improvements to its sewage-treatment plant and drinking-water systems.

Last month, the council gave the go-ahead to a $6.4 million improvement to the
borough's wastewater-treatment facility as part of its efforts to meet stricter
Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection requirements.

The borough is also looking at an approximately $1.9 million water improvement
project to meet state groundwater standards.

"Everything will have to be redone," Schumacher said. "It's a big deal."

Council Chairman David Wheeler said the Lumber Street project, which would
include sewer-line work and repaving, would cost more than $2 million based on
estimates the borough received a couple years ago. Last year, Adams County had a
little more than $430,000 to allocate to municipalities through the block grant
program.

"We're expecting to receive less this year but we do not know, as of yet, just
what our allocation will be," Thomas said.

Thomas said the grant process could take months. The Adams County commissioners
would have to hold hearings and decide which projects to recommend for funding
and then pass that on to the state's Department of Community and Economic
Development for approval.

Thomas said she expects plenty of grant requests from municipalities to come in.

"Always, we get many more requests for funding than available funds," Thomas
said.

Conrad said the borough is also trying to collect email addresses of borough
residents in order to begin offering its community newsletter and other
information online.

"We're just trying to find other ways to update the residents," she said.

cpaskoski@eveningsun.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              358 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 9, 2013 Saturday

USPTO grants trade mark "LIFE'S GOOD STUDIO" to LG Electronics Inc

LENGTH: 460  words

DATELINE: Alexandria


LG Electronics Inc, has been granted trademark (4296962) titled as "LIFE'S GOOD
STUDIO" from the United States Patent and Trademark Office.

Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 007. US 013 019 021 023 031 034 035. G & S: Electric clothes
washing machines; Automatic dishwashers; Electric vacuum cleaners

IC 011. US 013 021 023 031 034. G & S: Electric Refrigerators; Refrigerators for
kimchi; Electric lightwave ovens for cooking, grilling and microwaving;
Temperature controlled electric wine cellars for household use; Electric cooking
ovens; Electric freezers; Electric laundry dryers; Gas ranges; Microwave ovens;
Gas Cooktops; Electric Refrigerators; Refrigerators for kimchi; Electric
lightwave ovens for cooking, grilling and microwaving; Temperature controlled
electric wine cellars for household use; Electric cooking ovens; Electric
freezers; Electric laundry dryers; Gas ranges; Microwave ovens; Gas Cooktops;
Electric ranges for household use; Air purifiers; Air conditioners; Hot air
apparatus, namely, hot-air space heating apparatus; Humidifiers; Electric
Dehumidifier for household use; Gas grills; Dish disinfectant apparatus for
household purposes; Water purifiers for household purposes; Electric water
purifiers for household use; Water ionizers; Water ionization apparatus for
household purposes; Water purifying apparatus; Electric footwarmers; Water
purification installations; Apparatus for purifying water; Precision filters for
water treating; Water desalination plants; Membrane apparatus in the nature of
filters for purifying water; Membrane filters for purifying water; Water
purifying apparatus and machines that use Membrane filters; Membrane in the
nature of a filter for water treatment; Membrane filter apparatus for water
treatment; Purification installations for sewage; Purification installations for
wastewater reclamation and reusing system; Wastewater purifying and treatment
apparatus; Filters for wastewater; Water purifiers for industry

IC 041. US 100 101 107. G & S: Arranging of cooking contest; Organization of
cooking contest; Arranging and conducting of seminars in the field of cooking;
Sign language interpretation; Practical training in the field of cooking;
Arranging and conducting of symposiums in the field of cooking; Arranging and
conducting of workshops in the field of cooking; Timing of Sports events;
Vocational guidance; Arranging and conducting of colloquiums in the field of
cooking; Party planning; Party arranging and conducting for others; Organization
and arrangement of special events for others for social entertainment services;
Arranging and conducting of congresses in the field of cooking; Cooking
instruction; Instruction in the field of bakery skills; Cooking instruction via
Internet

Filing

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              359 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           Manila Times (Philippines)

                           October 21, 2010 Thursday

Maynilad to put up sewerage plants

BYLINE: BY EUAN PAULO C. AÑONUEVO

LENGTH: 341 words


Maynilad Water Services Inc. is set to build five wastewater treatment plants in
Quezon City.

Antonio Garcia, Maynilad sewerage and sanitation department head, said the
proposed sewage treatment plants were designed to replace the existing communal
septic tanks under the Quezon City Communal System, which was constructed by the
People's Homesite and Housing Corp. in the 1950s.

"Once these treatment plants are completed, the wastewater generated by
households and establishments connected to our sewer line will be given thorough
treatment before discharged to nearby creeks," Garcia said.

Maynilad, the joint venture of Metro Pacific Investments Corp. and DMCI Holdings
Inc., did not indicate the cost of the treatment plants.

The new treatments plants, however, are expected to benefit 6,000 households and
establishments once completed in 2012. Construction of the facilities will
commence once the project contracts have been awarded to the winning bidders.

The new facilities will be built along Congressional Avenue, Grant Street, Legal
Street, Roosevelt Avenue, and Road-A Street. in Quezon City.

"Clearing these areas of informal settlers caused us some delays but with the
assistance of the Metropolitan Waterworks and Sewerage Services [MWSS], Quezon
City government, National Housing Authority and other government agencies, we
are finally moving forward with our sewerage projects for Congressional Ave.,
Legal Street and Grant Street" Garcia said.

Maynilad is the private water and wastewater services provider for MWSS's West
Zone, which is composed of the cities of Manila (all but portions of San Andres
and Santa Ana), Quezon City (west of San Juan River, West Avenue, EDSA,
Congressional, Mindanao Avenue, the northern part starting from the Districts of
the Holy Spirit and Batasan Hills), Makati (west of South Super Highway),
Caloocan, Pasay, Parañaque, Las Piñas, Muntinlupa, Valenzuela, Navotas and
Malabon-all in Metro Manila; Cavite City, and the towns of Bacoor, Imus, Kawit,
Noveleta and Rosario-all in Cavite Province.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2010 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               Global News Bites


                              360 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 1, 2015 Monday

Washington: Cutting Off People's Water is Just Damn Wrong

LENGTH: 913  words

DATELINE: Washington


Food & Water Watch has issued the following news release:

Separated by over 500 miles, Detroit and Baltimore share a few common qualities.
Both once thriving steel towns, the cities now face major economic problems.
While a recent Pew poll ranked Detroit worse than Baltimore across several
important indicators such as unemployment, median household income, poverty and
those without health insurance, both of these cities with large African American
populations are hurting. This is particularly evidenced by one indicator not
featured in Pew's poll that nonetheless speaks volumes about the overall health
of each city--residents of both cannot afford to pay their water bills.

Last summer, thousands of Detroit residents who were behind on their water bills
lost access to water service, and in March, Baltimore announced it would
disconnect water service for 25,000 customers. If you've followed this issue in
the mainstream media as we have, you'll know that many publications are
reporting "delinquent payments" as the cause of this crisis. But what they're
actually both experiencing is water affordability problems.

Many of us take for granted the fact that when we turn on the tap, water flows
out of it. But many low-income people in the United States can no longer count
on that. Instead, they must choose between spending their limited financial
resources on transportation to low wage jobs, or heating their homes; between
buying medicine and keeping their water on. It's a perpetual losing battle and
in many cases, water falls by the wayside.

In Detroit, nearly 40 percent of residents and more than half the city's
children live in poverty. The city's unemployment rate as of February 2015 is
12.5 percent--more than twice the national rate. Over the last decade, water and
sewer bills there have more than doubled. Nearly a quarter of all Baltimoreans
live in poverty and one-third of Baltimore households earn less than $25,000 a
year. Yet the typical household paid about $800 dollars a year on water and
sewer services, as water rates have tripled over the past 15 years and continue
to increase. The economic conditions in these cities simply prohibit many from
being able to afford water service.

The United Nations Development Programme set a threshold for affordable water
and sanitation at three percent of household income. Water rates in each city
exceed that by considerable margins.

What's particularly tragic and frustrating about the water shutoffs in Detroit
is that they could have been avoided. In 2006, the Detroit City Council approved
a Water Affordability Plan, supported by the Michigan Welfare Right Organization
and the People's Water Board. The DWSD chose to implement its own plan instead,
directed towards households at or below 200 percent of the federal poverty
level. The plan's major flaw is that it's only applicable after a customer is
facing or experiencing a water shutoff. Similarly, the 10/30/50 water plan
developed last year by Mayor Mike Dugan and the DWSD also requires households to
already be behind on their bills to qualify.

In Baltimore, one-third of residents cannot afford their water rates based on
this UN metric. Baltimore's existing low-income assistance program is also
inadequate. The city currently offers a grant of $161 to certain low-income
residents who are behind on their bills. But the typical annual household water
bill after accounting for the grant is $643--still unaffordable to many,
particularly the one in five households that earn less than $15,000 a year.

Why wait that long? Why wait until the house is burning down to make sure it's
supplied with figure extinguishers? Why not make water more affordable so that
nobody is ever forced to choose between going hungry or enjoying unfettered
access to safe, clean, affordable water? Water is not a privilege, after all.
It's a human right, as recognized by the United Nations.

It is clear that instead of shutting off water service to low income people,
both cities need more effective assistance programs. The Water Affordability
Plan proposed by Detroit community advocates is preventative, allowing water
customers to avoid have their water service shutoff. The plan is based on
income, and qualification is determined by the ratio of a household's utility
bill to its income. What's key here is that a customer doesn't have to already
be in default to qualify.

The larger issue however, is that local water bills are increasing because
federal funding to community water systems has declined dramatically. The
federal share of capital investment in water systems peaked in 1977 at 63
percent, but fell to a record low of 7 percent in 2006 under the Bush
administration. After a slight boost in 2010 to 12 percent from the Obama
administration's economic stimulus plan, it fell to 9 percent last year. Water
service is too important to be left to the whims of politics, which is why we
need a steady, dedicated source of federal funding in the form of a water trust
fund. The experience of those in Baltimore and Detroit who are without water
illustrates this very point.

For more information on Detroit's water problems, read our new issue brief,
Detroit Needs a Water Affordability Plan. For more information on Baltimore's
water problems, read this issue brief. Tell elected officials to stop the water
shutoffs by taking action here.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              361 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 30, 2015 Saturday

Washington: Cutting Off People's Water is Just Damn Wrong

LENGTH: 913  words

DATELINE: Washington


Food & Water Watch has issued the following news release:

Separated by over 500 miles, Detroit and Baltimore share a few common qualities.
Both once thriving steel towns, the cities now face major economic problems.
While a recent Pew poll ranked Detroit worse than Baltimore across several
important indicators such as unemployment, median household income, poverty and
those without health insurance, both of these cities with large African American
populations are hurting. This is particularly evidenced by one indicator not
featured in Pew's poll that nonetheless speaks volumes about the overall health
of each city--residents of both cannot afford to pay their water bills.

Last summer, thousands of Detroit residents who were behind on their water bills
lost access to water service, and in March, Baltimore announced it would
disconnect water service for 25,000 customers. If you've followed this issue in
the mainstream media as we have, you'll know that many publications are
reporting "delinquent payments" as the cause of this crisis. But what they're
actually both experiencing is water affordability problems.

Many of us take for granted the fact that when we turn on the tap, water flows
out of it. But many low-income people in the United States can no longer count
on that. Instead, they must choose between spending their limited financial
resources on transportation to low wage jobs, or heating their homes; between
buying medicine and keeping their water on. It's a perpetual losing battle and
in many cases, water falls by the wayside.

In Detroit, nearly 40 percent of residents and more than half the city's
children live in poverty. The city's unemployment rate as of February 2015 is
12.5 percent--more than twice the national rate. Over the last decade, water and
sewer bills there have more than doubled. Nearly a quarter of all Baltimoreans
live in poverty and one-third of Baltimore households earn less than $25,000 a
year. Yet the typical household paid about $800 dollars a year on water and
sewer services, as water rates have tripled over the past 15 years and continue
to increase. The economic conditions in these cities simply prohibit many from
being able to afford water service.

The United Nations Development Programme set a threshold for affordable water
and sanitation at three percent of household income. Water rates in each city
exceed that by considerable margins.

What's particularly tragic and frustrating about the water shutoffs in Detroit
is that they could have been avoided. In 2006, the Detroit City Council approved
a Water Affordability Plan, supported by the Michigan Welfare Right Organization
and the People's Water Board. The DWSD chose to implement its own plan instead,
directed towards households at or below 200 percent of the federal poverty
level. The plan's major flaw is that it's only applicable after a customer is
facing or experiencing a water shutoff. Similarly, the 10/30/50 water plan
developed last year by Mayor Mike Dugan and the DWSD also requires households to
already be behind on their bills to qualify.

In Baltimore, one-third of residents cannot afford their water rates based on
this UN metric. Baltimore's existing low-income assistance program is also
inadequate. The city currently offers a grant of $161 to certain low-income
residents who are behind on their bills. But the typical annual household water
bill after accounting for the grant is $643--still unaffordable to many,
particularly the one in five households that earn less than $15,000 a year.

Why wait that long? Why wait until the house is burning down to make sure it's
supplied with figure extinguishers? Why not make water more affordable so that
nobody is ever forced to choose between going hungry or enjoying unfettered
access to safe, clean, affordable water? Water is not a privilege, after all.
It's a human right, as recognized by the United Nations.

It is clear that instead of shutting off water service to low income people,
both cities need more effective assistance programs. The Water Affordability
Plan proposed by Detroit community advocates is preventative, allowing water
customers to avoid have their water service shutoff. The plan is based on
income, and qualification is determined by the ratio of a household's utility
bill to its income. What's key here is that a customer doesn't have to already
be in default to qualify.

The larger issue however, is that local water bills are increasing because
federal funding to community water systems has declined dramatically. The
federal share of capital investment in water systems peaked in 1977 at 63
percent, but fell to a record low of 7 percent in 2006 under the Bush
administration. After a slight boost in 2010 to 12 percent from the Obama
administration's economic stimulus plan, it fell to 9 percent last year. Water
service is too important to be left to the whims of politics, which is why we
need a steady, dedicated source of federal funding in the form of a water trust
fund. The experience of those in Baltimore and Detroit who are without water
illustrates this very point.

For more information on Detroit's water problems, read our new issue brief,
Detroit Needs a Water Affordability Plan. For more information on Baltimore's
water problems, read this issue brief. Tell elected officials to stop the water
shutoffs by taking action here.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              362 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 29, 2015 Friday

Washington: Cutting Off People's Water is Just Damn Wrong

LENGTH: 913  words

DATELINE: Washington


Food & Water Watch has issued the following news release:

Separated by over 500 miles, Detroit and Baltimore share a few common qualities.
Both once thriving steel towns, the cities now face major economic problems.
While a recent Pew poll ranked Detroit worse than Baltimore across several
important indicators such as unemployment, median household income, poverty and
those without health insurance, both of these cities with large African American
populations are hurting. This is particularly evidenced by one indicator not
featured in Pew's poll that nonetheless speaks volumes about the overall health
of each city--residents of both cannot afford to pay their water bills.

Last summer, thousands of Detroit residents who were behind on their water bills
lost access to water service, and in March, Baltimore announced it would
disconnect water service for 25,000 customers. If you've followed this issue in
the mainstream media as we have, you'll know that many publications are
reporting "delinquent payments" as the cause of this crisis. But what they're
actually both experiencing is water affordability problems.

Many of us take for granted the fact that when we turn on the tap, water flows
out of it. But many low-income people in the United States can no longer count
on that. Instead, they must choose between spending their limited financial
resources on transportation to low wage jobs, or heating their homes; between
buying medicine and keeping their water on. It's a perpetual losing battle and
in many cases, water falls by the wayside.

In Detroit, nearly 40 percent of residents and more than half the city's
children live in poverty. The city's unemployment rate as of February 2015 is
12.5 percent--more than twice the national rate. Over the last decade, water and
sewer bills there have more than doubled. Nearly a quarter of all Baltimoreans
live in poverty and one-third of Baltimore households earn less than $25,000 a
year. Yet the typical household paid about $800 dollars a year on water and
sewer services, as water rates have tripled over the past 15 years and continue
to increase. The economic conditions in these cities simply prohibit many from
being able to afford water service.

The United Nations Development Programme set a threshold for affordable water
and sanitation at three percent of household income. Water rates in each city
exceed that by considerable margins.

What's particularly tragic and frustrating about the water shutoffs in Detroit
is that they could have been avoided. In 2006, the Detroit City Council approved
a Water Affordability Plan, supported by the Michigan Welfare Right Organization
and the People's Water Board. The DWSD chose to implement its own plan instead,
directed towards households at or below 200 percent of the federal poverty
level. The plan's major flaw is that it's only applicable after a customer is
facing or experiencing a water shutoff. Similarly, the 10/30/50 water plan
developed last year by Mayor Mike Dugan and the DWSD also requires households to
already be behind on their bills to qualify.

In Baltimore, one-third of residents cannot afford their water rates based on
this UN metric. Baltimore's existing low-income assistance program is also
inadequate. The city currently offers a grant of $161 to certain low-income
residents who are behind on their bills. But the typical annual household water
bill after accounting for the grant is $643--still unaffordable to many,
particularly the one in five households that earn less than $15,000 a year.

Why wait that long? Why wait until the house is burning down to make sure it's
supplied with figure extinguishers? Why not make water more affordable so that
nobody is ever forced to choose between going hungry or enjoying unfettered
access to safe, clean, affordable water? Water is not a privilege, after all.
It's a human right, as recognized by the United Nations.

It is clear that instead of shutting off water service to low income people,
both cities need more effective assistance programs. The Water Affordability
Plan proposed by Detroit community advocates is preventative, allowing water
customers to avoid have their water service shutoff. The plan is based on
income, and qualification is determined by the ratio of a household's utility
bill to its income. What's key here is that a customer doesn't have to already
be in default to qualify.

The larger issue however, is that local water bills are increasing because
federal funding to community water systems has declined dramatically. The
federal share of capital investment in water systems peaked in 1977 at 63
percent, but fell to a record low of 7 percent in 2006 under the Bush
administration. After a slight boost in 2010 to 12 percent from the Obama
administration's economic stimulus plan, it fell to 9 percent last year. Water
service is too important to be left to the whims of politics, which is why we
need a steady, dedicated source of federal funding in the form of a water trust
fund. The experience of those in Baltimore and Detroit who are without water
illustrates this very point.

For more information on Detroit's water problems, read our new issue brief,
Detroit Needs a Water Affordability Plan. For more information on Baltimore's
water problems, read this issue brief. Tell elected officials to stop the water
shutoffs by taking action here.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              363 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                           January 28, 2006 Saturday

Money: How the balance of power is shifting: Energy: By 2050, up to 40% of our
electricity and heating needs could be met by home generation systems. Simon
Birch reports

BYLINE: Simon Birch

SECTION: GUARDIAN MONEY PAGES; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 650 words


want to fight soaring heating bills and help save the environment? The answer
could lie in new mini- power stations, allowing millions of UK homes to generate
their own heat and electricity.

A recent report by the Energy Saving Trust suggests that by 2050, mini-domestic
wind turbines, solar panels, micro-combined heat and power units and other
microgeneration technologies could slash carbon dioxide emissions by 15% and
provide up to 40% of the country's electricity needs.

There are currently fewer than 100,000 homes in the UK with any form of
microgeneration, with the most widespread being roof-mounted solar water heating
systems, which can meet up to half of a household's annual hot water needs.

Systems can cost between £2,000 and £3,000 and a government grant of £400 is
available. Savings are thought to amount to around £50 a year.

Despite the UK's erratic weather, photovoltaic (PV) systems can work just as
well here as in the south of France, converting the sun's radiation into
electricity. Depending on the size of the system, up to 50% could be shaved off
electricity bills. Systems start at £6,000 and government grants of up to 50%
are available.

Small domestic wind turbines are now being produced too. Renewable Devices, for
example, already manufactures a 2m diameter turbine and this spring will be
launching a 1.6m model, costing £1,300 (including government grant).

Such turbines can provide up to 35% of the average home's electricity needs but
they are designed to be installed on the roof, so planning permission is needed.
Many local authorities have already been briefed on this issue.

One of the oldest microgeneration technologies is ground source heat pumps,
developed in the UK 40 years ago. The pumps sell well overseas but until
recently had failed to take off here. However, manufacturers are now seeing a
dramatic growth in interest in this low-carbon form of heating.

Ground source heat pumps work by transferring energy from the ground into a
long, fluid-filled pipe buried under the garden which is then used to make hot
water and underfloor heating. Air source heat pumps work just as well and are
increasingly being used in flats and offices.

Such systems can provide up to 80% of a household's hot water and heating needs
and cost from £6,000. A government grant of £1,200 is available.

Insulation grants are also available, and in December, chancellor Gordon Brown
promised extra help for the over-60s to make their homes better insulated.

Perhaps the most exciting of the emerging technologies are micro-combined heat
and power units. These highly energy-efficient units fit snugly under the
kitchen work surface and not only produce heat for the home, but generate
electricity too.

When first launched in 2004 by Powergen, all Whispergen units were snapped up
straight away. Powergen aims to start resupplying the market later this year.
The units cost £3,000 - just £500 more than an equivalent high performance
boiler - and power bills can be cut by around £120 a year. There are currently
no government grants available for this technology.

While manufacturers of these micro-CHP units have their eye on the replacement
domestic boiler market, most of their interest is focused on the 4 million new
homes that are expected to be built in the next 15 years.

The microgeneration industry is confident that the technology exists to make all
new houses carbon neutral, though it accepts that the costs are now too high to
appeal to the mass market.

"We need to bring the prices down, which is why government support is so crucial
at this stage," says Bryan Gray from the Micropower Council.

A number of factors are working in favour of microgeneration, the first being
the rising cost of energy. And home owners with microgeneration systems are also
able to earn extra income through selling surplus home-generated electricity
back to their local electricity company.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              364 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                              May 7, 2016 Saturday

Piped water for all, waste-free roads by 2020, vow agencies

SECTION: CHENNAI

LENGTH: 340 words


Chennai: Living conditions in the city will undergo a dramatic improvement by
2020, with residents to get clean roads and all households receive piped water
supply. This is what Greater Chennai Corporation and Metrowater have promised
the Union ministry of urban development, in separate commitments, to wangle a
grant of more than 17,000 crore. All this is possible, they said, if local
bodies achieve set targets.

The ministry launched the concept of service providers making commitments to
encourage accountability."The biggest challenge will be to achieve the target we
have set for waste treatment and disposal," said a senior corporation official.
The new solid waste management rules, which mandate source segregation of
garbage, may help officials plan the next course of action in a city where only
15% of waste is segregated. "If households segregate their waste, garbage near
houses will reduce and we will not have to suffer air and water pollution," said
Kodungaiyur resident V Sathyamoorthy.Since 2011, when the city corporation
limits were expanded, only 60% of residents have piped connections. This could
change by the summer of 2020 when pipelines will run through 95% of the city,
supplying water through the day. Half of the city's residents will be metered
for water use but the estimated per capita daily water use will remain more or
less the same at 135 litres.In two years, the corporation hopes to reduce the
number of flood-prone areas by half. It has promised that there will not be a
single incident of inundation by 2020. The storm water drain network will extend
to outlying areas but only 85% of the city will have a sewerage network."We had
three criteria to avail of this grant and have met all of them by publicising
our benchmarks, increasing our revenue from last year and auditing our
accounts," an official said.The commissionerate of municipal administration will
receive the grant and distribute allotted sums to the corporation, Metrowater
and other town panchayats.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              365 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                             March 25, 2011 Friday

Quake grant pleas rocket

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 594 words


Pleas for emergency aid have reached "mind-boggling" levels as Christchurch
residents return to their shattered city, Red Cross quake appeal chairman Sir
John Hansen says.

The Red Cross had received more than 37,000 applications for help - nearly four
times greater than expected.

Many residents were desperate for financial aid after losing their homes and
livelihood.

Some were upset, saying it was taking too long to get support.

When the emergency and hardship grant was announced, Hansen said he expected
about 10,000 applications, with about $12.5 million to be paid out.

However, there had already been 37,117 urgent requests for help.

The Red Cross had paid out $20.06m to 22,568 people, with grant applications
continuing to pour in as the April 11 deadline loomed.

Hansen said since last Friday the Red Cross had been inundated with a fresh wave
of more than 14,000 claims as people returned to the city.

"It seems it's been tied to the schools going back," he said. "People just need
to understand the sheer scale of this."

The Red Cross was still receiving up to 2500 claims a day, a month after the
quake.

So far, $46.33m had been donated to the fund, on top of the $10m left over from
post- September quake donations.

"We're processing them as fast as we can and we're getting the numbers up," he
said.

"We're now processing them faster than they are coming in."

A $500 grant can be made for a single-occupant household, and $1000 for a
household of two or more people.

It is for those who have been forced to leave their homes because of damage or
loss of power, water or sewerage services, or those who have remained in their
home without power, water or sewerage for seven days or more.

Heathcote resident Julie Mitchell said she had applied for the grant two days
after the quake and had still not been paid, despite her family being homeless
and her husband losing his business.

When she called the Red Cross to ask what had happened to her application, they
would not confirm they had received the request.

She said she was advised not to reapply because it would "complicate the system
".

"I'm afraid we are going to miss out," she said. "I mean, if we aren't entitled,
who is? We lost our home and business and we really need that $1000."

She said the Red Cross was a fantastic organisation but she was concerned the
money was not getting to the right people.

Central-city researcher Steve Raukawa said he had helped 13 people, including
elderly neighbours, make applications between March 5 and March 8.

They had applied online but had received no confirmation regarding their
application.

After making a phone call they were told it would be processed in 24 to 48
hours.

When it was not, they called again and were told it could take up to a week to
process.

Their payments were made this week.

Raukawa said the system was "unprofessional from an organisation that's kind of
geared up for this sort of thing".

"They had a test run in September. You expect better."

Bexley resident Vanessa Ashby said she had dropped off her Red Cross form on
March 5, and was paid out on Tuesday.

She was disappointed with the delay because she had faced extra expenses after
her house was damaged. Her property had also been flooded with sewage-
contaminated water.

She had sent her son to Timaru because of the unsanitary conditions, and had
paid $300 in landfill fees to dump contaminated household items.

She had borrowed money from her mother, and dipped into her grocery money to pay
her bills.

Ashby believed the system should give priority to residents in the
worst-affected areas.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              366 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                            August 8, 1996, Thursday

Lib Dems turn off garden taps

BYLINE: Nicholas Schoon Environment Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS; Page  6

LENGTH: 422 words


The Liberal Democrats yesterday called for compulsory water metering for
households with garden sprinklers and swimming pools.

The proposal is aimed at curbing the rising demand for water and avoiding the
need for costly new reservoirs and pipelines, which all consumers would end up
paying for.

The Liberal Democrats' spokesman, Matthew Taylor, said meters would be ''tough
but fair''. Every home with a meter would be entitled to a low- payment rate for
normal household use, but a higher rate for water consumption above that.

It will be the least popular policy in a populist document built on public
antipathy to the water companies' big profits and the large, fast-growing
salaries of their senior executives.

Half of profits above those ''expected from an average, low-risk enterprise''
would have to be given back to customers as bill rebates. Alternatively, half
the excess profit would be used to cut pollution, or spent on other local
environmental projects related to water.

The Liberal Democrats say the industry regulator ought to decide what profits
are reasonable. They reject Labour's ''windfall tax'' on utility profits. But
the new policy includes a 2-per-cent levy on all water profits to provide grants
and interest-free loans for installing water-efficient appliances.

The companies would be set mandatory targets for cutting mains leakage, with
financial penalties for missing them.

The document says water bills ought to be cut, by insisting that the companies
raise more of the massive investment funds needed for renewing mains and cutting
sewage pollution through long-term borrowing and share issues, and less through
increased charges to customers.

It would become illegal to disconnect households on low incomes which fell
behind with their bills. The charging system applied to most households, which
is based on the old council rates, would be replaced by bills based on council
tax bands.

Liberal Democrats are keen to see bills cut in the West Country, where they have
some of their strongest support, because water there costs more than anywhere
else. The reason is the huge cost of cleaning sewage discharged into the sea at
hundreds of points along the region's coastline.

The party believes that this coastline, which is Britain's favourite beach area,
is a national asset and the cleaning cost ought not to fall only on locals. This
and other projects ''of national environmental importance'' would be subsidised
by consumers across Britain.


LOAD-DATE: August 08, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1996 Independent Print Ltd


                              367 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      The Register Guard (Eugene, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 12, 2009 Thursday

Row River district pools funds to update water treatment plant

BYLINE: Whitney Malkin, The Register-Guard, Eugene, Ore.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 525 words


Mar. 12--COTTAGE GROVE -- The Row River Water District plans to combine a $1
million federally funded grant with $550,000 of the district's own funds to
design and improve its aging water system.

The district owns the Layng Creek water purification plant, which is about 26
miles east of town. Layng Creek area residents formed the district and in 2007
took over the plant from the city of Cottage Grove, which opted to abandon the
facility.

For decades, close to 100 rural households, plus businesses and two schools, had
bought drinking water from a city line running along the Row River valley from
the Layng Creek plant to downtown Cottage Grove. The Layng plant helped provide
the city with potable water. To replace the water provided by the Layng plant,
the city upgraded its Row River treatment plant, which is only about a mile
outside the city limits.

When the council voted to close the Layng plant instead of spending an estimated
$28 million to repair it, valley residents figured that taking over operation of
the plant and lines was their best bet at securing affordable drinking water.

But the water treatment system is more than 30 years old and has been cited
several times for violations of the Safe Drinking Water Act.

Water District President John Kirk said the board has been working for close to
a year to secure money to build a new storage tank and install a new filtration
system.

The current system uses filters that were installed in the 1950s and pipes that
are close to failing, Kirk said.

"We've been working on getting this fixed for a long time," he said. "We hope to
start construction within 40 days."

The Oregon Economic and Community Development Department grant is intended to
help support Oregon communities in completing important community infrastructure
projects aimed at improving community livability for citizens of low to moderate
incomes.

The $550,000 comes primarily from money the Cottage Grove council voted to pay
each of the users losing access to city water -- $10,000 per person.

Currently, Kirk said, 97 rural households use the system. The rest of the
residents living in the valley use private wells.

The water board expects construction of the new system to be completed by July.

Water rates will increase from the base fee of $49 a month, but he's not sure by
how much, Kirk said.

"Our users shouldn't notice any changes to their service," he said. "We will
continue to operate the existing system as the changes are made."

The district took ownership of the property in November, and the first billing
for water service went out in January.

Kirk said the district is being run in partnership with the city, which is
helping to ensure the district is operating correctly.

To see more of The Register-Guard, Eugene, Ore., or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.registerguard.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The
Register-Guard, Eugene, Ore. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090312-EU-WATER-SYSTEM-20090312

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EU


                       Copyright 2009 The Register Guard


                              368 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Business

                                December 8, 2002

$4BN DAMAGES OVER EXXON VALDEZ OIL SPILL DISASTER

SECTION: Pg. 32

LENGTH: 764 words


$4bn dAMAGES OVER EXXON VALDEZ OIL SPILL DISASTER

EXXON Mobil, the world's largest publicly-quoted company, must pay $4bn in
damages for the Exxon Valdez oil spill, a US court ruled on Friday. The court
ruling represents a massive victory for the plaintiffs, who include thousands of
fishermen, Alaska natives and property owners who pushed for at least $4bn in
damages to be awarded. The Exxon Valdez supertanker spilled 11m gallons of crude
oil when it ran aground on a charted reef on Alaska in 1989, polluting thousands
of miles of shoreline. Exxon had originally been ordered to pay $5bn in damages
but successfully appealed against this last year. But the oil company, which
argues it should pay no more than $40m, said it would appeal the second order.

OFWAT TO PLUG SEVERN RISE

SEVERN Trent, the water and services company, is braced for a ruling this week
preventing it clawing back £160m (E250m) in extra costs by charging higher water
bills. Severn has appealed to Ofwat regulator Philip Fletcher, claiming to have
spent more than he envisaged when he set the pricing regime for 2000-05. The
company insists that its annual dividend payout of 45p is not under threat
should he, as expected, confirm that the price increases are to be ruled out.
The company is also reporting interim results this week. Analysts at Dresdner
Kleinwort Wasserstein forecast profit before tax of £117m (E182m), down 10%
following a trading statement in September that indicated poor performances from
its services division and its waste division, Biffa.

UKAEA DOUNREAY CASE

A SCOTTISH landowner is taking the UK's nuclear decommissioning body, UKAEA, to
court. It is believed to be the first private action of its kind against the
body. Geoffrey Minter owns a stretch of beach just over one mile west of the
Dounreay fast breeder reactor on the north coast of Scotland which is being
decommissioned by UKAEA. He claims 18 nuclear particles, small enough to be
inhaled, have been washed up on the beach since 1999 after being discharged from
the plant. The case will be heard in Edinburgh on 11 February.

UK GRANTS FOR SOLAR HEATING

THE British government will unveil £10m (E16m) of new grant money for households
to install solar heating systems next month. Around 40,000 households and
businesses in the UK already have the systems, which cost around £10,000
(E16,000) to install and can provide up to 50% of all household energy use. The
scheme covers both types of solar system - thermal, which only heats water, and
photovoltaic, which provides electricity from point of supply. Applicants will
receive a 50% discount off the installation cost. It follows manufacturers'
complaints that the existing grant scheme, worth £20m (E32m), only favours the
photovoltaic technology.

EWS CHUNNEL SECURITY PLEA

EWS, the UK rail freight company which runs services through the Channel Tunnel,
will this week implore the French and British governments to provide 24-hour
security at the freight yard in France where stowaways, in a bid to get to
Britain, have persistently boarded its trains. The would-be immigrants have
caused a year's worth of disruption to EWS services through the freight tunnel.
Although extra security deployed by the French government has enabled most
trains to resume running, the service it still only 70% restored because police
are not provided around the clock.

LAFARGE FACING FIXING FINE

FRENCH building materials company Lafarge, and five other cement makers are
likely to be fined a total of E1bn (£625m) from the German cartel office, for
fixing cement prices. The fine will be the second for Lafarge this year; last
month it was fined E250m (£156m) by the European Commission for its role in a
plasterboard cartel.

EUROPEAN SHOPLIFTING BOOM

A REPORT from the Nottingham-based Centre for Retail Research shows that £2.25bn
(E3.2bn) will be stolen from shops across Europe between mid-November and the
end of December. Shoplifters are most likely to take drinks, perfume and women's
designer clothes.

ONLINE BETS OFF AT HARRODS

LUXURY goods store Harrods has closed its online casino, which is part of the
Harrods website and operated on a profit-sharing basis with UK gaming software
company Gaming Insight. Gaming Insight has withdrawn its support to focus on its
greyhound racing business. A spokesman for Harrods, which is owned by Mohammed
Al Fayed, said that the casino would reopen next year with software provided by
Kismet, a rival operator: "The site will reopen in January when we install the
new software."


LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                      Copyright 2002 Sunday Business Group


                              369 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Business

                                December 8, 2002

$4BN DAMAGES OVER EXXON VALDEZ OIL SPILL DISASTER

SECTION: Pg. 32

LENGTH: 764 words


$4bn damages over Exxon Valdez oil spill disaster

EXXON Mobil, the world's largest publicly-quoted company, must pay $4bn in
damages for the Exxon Valdez oil spill, a US court ruled on Friday. The court
ruling represents a massive victory for the plaintiffs, who include thousands of
fishermen, Alaska natives and property owners who pushed for at least $4bn in
damages to be awarded. The Exxon Valdez supertanker spilled 11m gallons of crude
oil when it ran aground on a charted reef on Alaska in 1989, polluting thousands
of miles of shoreline. Exxon had originally been ordered to pay $5bn in damages
but successfully appealed against this last year. But the oil company, which
argues it should pay no more than $40m, said it would appeal the second order.

Ofwat to plug Severn rise

SEVERN Trent, the water and services company, is braced for a ruling this week
preventing it clawing back £160m (E250m) in extra costs by charging higher water
bills. Severn has appealed to Ofwat regulator Philip Fletcher, claiming to have
spent more than he envisaged when he set the pricing regime for 2000-05. The
company insists that its annual dividend payout of 45p is not under threat
should he, as expected, confirm that the price increases are to be ruled out.
The company is also reporting interim results this week. Analysts at Dresdner
Kleinwort Wasserstein forecast profit before tax of £117m (E182m), down 10%
following a trading statement in September that indicated poor performances from
its services division and its waste division, Biffa.

UKAEA Dounreay case

A SCOTTISH landowner is taking the UK's nuclear decommissioning body, UKAEA, to
court. It is believed to be the first private action of its kind against the
body. Geoffrey Minter owns a stretch of beach just over one mile west of the
Dounreay fast breeder reactor on the north coast of Scotland which is being
decommissioned by UKAEA. He claims 18 nuclear particles, small enough to be
inhaled, have been washed up on the beach since 1999 after being discharged from
the plant. The case will be heard in Edinburgh on 11 February.

UK grants for solar heating

THE British government will unveil £10m (E16m) of new grant money for households
to install solar heating systems next month. Around 40,000 households and
businesses in the UK already have the systems, which cost around £10,000
(E16,000) to install and can provide up to 50% of all household energy use. The
scheme covers both types of solar system - thermal, which only heats water, and
photovoltaic, which provides electricity from point of supply. Applicants will
receive a 50% discount off the installation cost. It follows manufacturers'
complaints that the existing grant scheme, worth £20m (E32m), only favours the
photovoltaic technology.

EWS Chunnel security plea

EWS, the UK rail freight company which runs services through the Channel Tunnel,
will this week implore the French and British governments to provide 24-hour
security at the freight yard in France where stowaways, in a bid to get to
Britain, have persistently boarded its trains. The would-be immigrants have
caused a year's worth of disruption to EWS services through the freight tunnel.
Although extra security deployed by the French government has enabled most
trains to resume running, the service it still only 70% restored because police
are not provided around the clock.

Lafarge facing fixing fine

FRENCH building materials company Lafarge, and five other cement makers are
likely to be fined a total of E1bn (£625m) from the German cartel office, for
fixing cement prices. The fine will be the second for Lafarge this year; last
month it was fined E250m (£156m) by the European Commission for its role in a
plasterboard cartel.

European shoplifting boom

A REPORT from the Nottingham-based Centre for Retail Research shows that £2.25bn
(E3.2bn) will be stolen from shops across Europe between mid-November and the
end of December. Shoplifters are most likely to take drinks, perfume and women's
designer clothes.

Online bets off at Harrods

LUXURY goods store Harrods has closed its online casino, which is part of the
Harrods website and operated on a profit-sharing basis with UK gaming software
company Gaming Insight. Gaming Insight has withdrawn its support to focus on its
greyhound racing business. A spokesman for Harrods, which is owned by Mohammed
Al Fayed, said that the casino would reopen next year with software provided by
Kismet, a rival operator: "The site will reopen in January when we install the
new software."


LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                      Copyright 2002 Sunday Business Group


                              370 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Roscommon Herald

                               November 29, 2011

New septic tank fee will be 'a one-off cost'

SECTION: IRISH NEWS

LENGTH: 396 words


A PROPOSED septic tank registration fee of EUR 50 will be a one-off cost to
rural households, Environment Minister Phil Hogan confirmed following the recent
publication of the Water Services (Amendment) Bill 2011.

The Bill, which recently passed through the second stage in the Seanad, will
establish a new system for the registration and inspection of septic tanks.

During the debate the Environment Minister confirmed that households would be
required to pay a one-off registration fee of EUR 50 and would not be charged if
selected for inspection.

"Householders will be required to pay a modest registration fee which will not
exceed EUR 50. Householders will not be charged for inspections. Following the
initial registration, householders will not be required to re-register their
systems for five years and there will be no charge for re-registration,"
Minister Hogan said in the Seanad.

The Minister said he intended to set the fee for an appeal of inspection results
at EUR 20 and that he would amend planning regulations to provide exemptions for
any remedial works arising from inspections.

The Environmental Protection Agency is now set to develop a national inspection
plan for implementation by local authorities, with a view to commencing
inspections in 2013.

Local authorities will have the discretion to use either internal or external
inspectors and inspections will target areas where drinking water sources or
habitats are likely to be, or have been, impacted upon.

The proposed new legislation will also introduce offences where a person fails
to meet the prescribed requirements, with the maximum penalty set at EUR 5,000.

Minister Hogan did not make any commitment regarding the provision of grant aid
for householders requiring upgrade or remedial works but said that his
department would keep the matter under review.

Fine Gael Councillor Michael McGreal welcomed the clarifications by the Minister
on the proposed regulations and his commitment to exempt the need for planning
permission for remedial works to septic tanks.

Cllr McGreal also urged the Minister to ensure a grant scheme was put in place
for householders where substantial upgrading was required.

While independent MEP Marian Harkin welcomed some elements of the proposed
legislation she raised concerns over the "puni-tive costs" that could face some
households if required to upgrade their system.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              371 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 5, 2014 Saturday

USPTO grants trade mark "LAN SHAN" to LAN SHAN ENTERPRISES CO., LTD. CORPORATION
(TAIWAN)

LENGTH: 192  words

DATELINE: Alexandria


LAN SHAN ENTERPRISES CO., LTD. CORPORATION (TAIWAN), has been granted trademark
(4558498) titled as "LAN SHAN" from the United States Patent and Trademark
Office.

Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 011. US 013 021 023 031 034. G & S: Water purification and
filtration apparatus; water filtering units for domestic, commercial and
industrial use; industrial water purifying apparatus; water dispensers; water
fountains; water filters; water ionizers for household purposes; oxygen
generator for processing water by increasing oxygen content in the water; ozone
sanitizers for air and water; tap-water purifying apparatus; water distillation
units; water purification units; water treatment equipment, namely, cartridge
filtration units, chemical sterilization units, reverse osmosis filtration
units, ultraviolet sterilization units; water purification installations; water
purifiers for household purposes; water softening units, water softening
apparatus and installations; replacement filters for water purification systems;
water cooler filtration system, namely, free-standing water filtration units for
household or office use. FIRST USE: 20010912.

Filing

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              372 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                          Copyright 2017 W/D Partners
                                   Worldscope

                                 March 26, 2017

                      JIANGSU SUNRAIN SOLAR ENERGY CO LTD

                           No199 Yingzhou South Road
                      Haining Industrial and Trading Park
                          LIANYUNGANG,  Jiangsu 222243
                                     CHINA

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: +86 518 8595 9992
FAX: +86 518 8580 7993
URL: http://www.solareast.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: 603366
SEDOL: B87B197
ISIN: CNE100001LZ7
DISCLO NUMBER: J617070114
WORLDSCOPE NUMBER: C156H19S0

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
OPERATING STATUS: ACTIVE
EMPLOYEES: 3,618

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
OFFICERS:

     ·    Xinjian Xu, Chairman
     ·    Ligan Li, Finance Director


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Jiangsu Sunrain Solar Energy Co.,Ltd. is mainly engaged in the research,
development, manufacture and sale of solar thermal products, such as solar water
heaters, solar hot water engineering systems, solar heating systems and solar
refrigeration and air conditioning systems. The Company's main products are
vacuum tube type, heat pipe type, flat plate type of solar water heaters and
solar hot water engineering systems, as well as other types. The Company
distributes its products in domestic market and to overseas markets, including
Europe, the United States, Canada, Mexico, South Korea, South Africa, Australia
and others countries.
INDUSTRY TYPE: INDUSTRIAL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC CODES:
3433 - Heating equipment, except electric
3639 - Household appliances, nec
5074 - Plumbing & hydronic heating supplies
WORLDSCOPE INDUSTRY GROUP:
4090 - MISCELLANEOUS ELECTRONICS
PRODUCTS:
CONSUMER DURABLES

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: 12/2015




                              KEY FINANCIALS (USD)

                                  12/31/16          12/31/15          12/31/14
MARKET CAP                   1,095,475,920     1,305,835,200     1,045,411,440
MKT CAP - CURR               1,165,084,800                 -                 -
COMMON EQTY                              -       567,588,186       567,684,378
COMMON EQTY - CURR             545,604,677                 -                 -
TOTAL ASSETS                             -       730,754,668       718,342,673
SALES                                    -       398,833,025       490,900,321
NET INCOME                               -        41,494,168        34,575,106

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *



                               ASSETS (000's CNY)

                                      12/31/15        12/31/14        12/31/13
CASH & SHORT TERM INVESTMENTS          136,530       1,113,570       1,812,111
CASH                                   136,530       1,113,570       1,812,111
RECEIVABLES(NET)                        93,283         246,212         170,116
TOTAL INVENTORIES                      264,668         245,352         257,993
RAW MATERIALS                          129,350         151,052         171,194
WORK IN PROCESS                          1,999           1,225             884
FINISHED GOODS                         133,319          93,074          85,915
PREPAID EXPENSES                        57,712         105,465          59,473
OTHER CURRENT ASSETS                 2,726,730       1,211,337       1,264,731
CURRENT ASSETS - TOTAL               3,278,923       2,921,936       3,564,424
LONG TERM RECEIVABLES                        0               0               0
INVESTMNT IN ASSOCIATED COS              4,352           4,467         186,422
OTHER INVESTMENTS                      167,579         291,100          41,100
PROPERTY, PLANT & EQUIP - NET          882,808         632,442         471,862
PROPERTY, PLANT & EQUIP-GROSS        1,095,698         809,479         612,706
BUILDINGS                              567,052         337,811         281,868
MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT                  262,255         255,167         235,651
TRANSPORTATION EQUIPMENT                31,189          28,745          27,372
OTHER PROPERTY, PLANT & EQUIPM          33,452          25,553          22,301
ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION               212,889         177,037         140,845
ACCUM DEPRECIATION-BUILDINGS            74,363          57,025          45,698
ACCUM DEPREC-MACHINERY & EQUIP         104,992          92,035          73,709
ACCUM DEP-TRANSPORTATION EQUIP          15,141          13,396          10,266
ACCUM DEPRC-OTH PROP,PLN&EQUIP          18,394          14,580          11,171
OTHER ASSETS - TOTAL                   411,806         608,211         307,821
DEFERRED CHARGES                        23,605          92,130          49,539
OTHER TANGIBLE ASSETS                  170,000         260,000          60,000
TOTAL INTANGIBLE OT ASSETS-NET         218,201         256,081         198,282
TOTAL ASSETS[O]                      4,745,468       4,458,156       4,571,628

   [O]: ADJUSTED TO EXCLUDE DEFERRED TAXES





                            LIABILITIES (000's CNY)

                                      12/31/15        12/31/14        12/31/13
ACCOUNTS PAYABLE                       254,229         296,256         183,916
SHORT TERM DEBT & CURRENT PORT          43,050           4,349               0
ACCRUED PAYROLL                         64,847         109,952          64,076
INCOME TAXES PAYABLE                    19,143          10,815           9,836
OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES              666,687         479,489         733,302
CURRENT LIABILITIES-TOTAL            1,047,956         900,860         991,130
LONG TERM DEBT                               0               0               0
LONG-TERM DEBT EXCL CAP LEASES               0               0               0
CAPITALIZED LEASE OBLIGATIONS                0               0               0
DEFERRED INCOME                         50,570          55,270               0
DEFERRED TAXES[B]                     (56,317)        (38,066)         (7,696)
DEFERRED TAXES - CREDIT                    469             362               -
DEFERRED TAXES - DEBIT                  56,786          38,428           7,696
OTHER LIABILITIES                       17,833          16,946          14,426
TOTAL LIABILITIES                    1,060,043         935,011         997,861

   [B]: ADJUSTED TO INCLUDE DEFERRED TAX DEBITS





                               EQUITY (000's CNY)

                                      12/31/15        12/31/14        12/31/13
NON-EQUITY RESERVES                          0               0          53,101
MINORITY INTEREST                        (451)               0               0
PREFERRED STOCK                              0               0               0
COMMON SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY          3,685,877       3,523,145       3,520,666
COMMON STOCK                           800,000         400,000         400,000
CAPITAL SURPLUS                      1,918,658       2,318,658       2,318,658
REVALUATION RESERVES                         0               0               0
RETAINED EARNINGS                      967,207         804,546         801,967
ESOP GUARANTEES                              0               0               0
UNREALIZED FOREIGN EXC GAN/LOS              12            (59)              41
UNREALZD GAIN/LOSS ON MKTB SEC               0               0               0
TREASURY STOCK                               -               0               0
TOTAL LIABILITIES & SHAREHOLDE       4,745,468       4,458,156       4,571,628

* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
(000's CNY)                           12/31/15        12/31/14        12/31/13
NET SALES OR REVENUES                2,589,993       3,046,610       3,087,543
COST OF GOODS SOLD (EXCL DEP)        1,563,150       1,918,229       2,057,559
DEPRECIATION/DEPLETION/AMORT            64,331          58,483          51,474
GROSS INCOME                           962,512       1,069,898         978,510
SELLING, GENERAL & ADMINISTRAT         808,750         730,916         704,802
OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES                28,090          34,041          27,469
OPERATING EXPENSES - TOTAL           2,464,321       2,741,670       2,841,304
OPERATING INCOME                       125,672         304,940         246,239
EXTRAORDINARY CHARGE - PRETAX                -         186,422               -
NON-OPERATING INTEREST INCOME           68,982          65,106          84,446
PRETAX EQUITY IN EARNINGS                (115)            (33)          12,422
OTHER INCOME/EXPENSE - NET             113,101          83,194          19,939
EARNINGS BEF INTEREST & TAXES          307,641               -         363,046
INTEREST EXPENSE ON DEBT                 2,421               -               0
INTEREST CAPITALIZED                         0               0               0
PRETAX INCOME                          305,220         266,785         363,046
INCOME TAXES                            36,251          52,206          55,155
CURRENT DOMESTIC INCOME TAX[A]          54,501          82,576          54,523
DEFERRED DOMESTIC INC TAX[A]          (18,251)        (30,370)             632
MINORITY INTEREST                        (491)               0               0
AFTER TAX OTHER INCOME/EXPENSE               0               0               0
DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS                      0               0               0
NET INC BEFORE EXTRA/PFD DIVS          269,460         214,579         307,891
EXTRA ITEMS & GAIN/LOSS SALE O               0               0               0
NET INCOME BEFORE PREFERRED DI         269,460         214,579         307,891
PREFERRED DIVIDEND REQUIREMENT               0               0               0
NET INCOME - BASIC                     269,460         214,579         307,891
NET INCOME AVAILABLE TO COMMON         269,460         214,579         307,891

   [A]: MAY INCLUDE FOREIGN TAXES


* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
(000's CNY)                           12/31/15        12/31/14        12/31/13
NET INCOME/STARTING LINE               268,969         214,579         307,891
DEPRECIATION, DEPLETION & AMOR          64,331          58,483          51,474
DEPRECIATION AND DEPLETION              52,827          47,979          43,033
AMORTIZATION-INTANGIBLE ASSETS          11,503          10,504           8,441
DEFERRED INCOME TAXES & INVEST        (18,251)        (30,370)             632
DEFERRED INCOME TAXES                 (18,251)        (30,370)             632
TOTAL OTHER CASH FLOW                (100,935)         109,074        (12,451)
FUNDS FROM OPERATIONS                  214,114         351,766         347,546
EXTRAORDINARY ITEMS                          0               0               0
FUNDS-OTHER OPER ACTIVITIES            285,091       (231,037)        (38,932)
DECREASE/INCREASE RECEIVABLES        1,133,077       (334,899)     (1,147,342)
DECREASE/INCREASE INVENTORIES         (19,316)          12,641        (38,791)
INCREASE/DECREASE ACCT PAYABLE       (828,669)          91,220       1,147,201
NET CASH FLOW-OPERATING ACTIVS         499,205         120,728         308,614
CAPITAL EXPENDITURES                   321,085         304,606         184,480
NET ASSETS FROM ACQUISITIONS                 0               0         214,100
TOTAL SOURCES                        2,116,441       1,335,019       1,997,580
TOTAL USES                           2,116,441       1,335,019       1,997,580
INCREASE IN INVESTMENTS              1,456,135         818,414       1,315,000
DECREASE IN INVESTMENTS                272,500         420,000               0
DISPOSAL OF FIXED ASSETS                28,523             228              87
OTHER USE/(SOURCE) - INVESTING       (107,465)        (82,013)       (162,307)
OTHER USES - INVESTING                       0               0               0
OTHER SOURCES - INVESTING              107,465          82,013         162,307
NET CASH FLOW - INVESTING            1,368,732         620,778       1,551,186
NET PROCEEDS FROM SALE/ISSUE C               0               0               0
PROCEEDS FROM STOCK OPTIONS                  0               0               0
OTHER PROCEEDS FROM SALE/ISSUA               0               0               0
COM/PFD PURCHASED, RETIRED, CO               0               0               0
LONG TERM BORROWINGS                   230,000               0               0
INCREASE/DECREASE IN SHORT TER               -               0               0
REDUCTION IN LONG TERM DEBT            230,000               0               0
CASH DIVIDENDS PAID - TOTAL            109,221         212,000         284,000
COMMON DIVIDENDS (CASH)                109,221         212,000         284,000
PREFERRED DIVIDENDS (CASH)                   0               0               0
OTHER SOURCE (USE) - FINANCING              40               0               0
OTHER SOURCES - FINANCING                   40               0               0
OTHER USES - FINANCING                       0               0               0
NET CASH FLOW - FINANCING            (109,181)       (212,000)       (284,000)
EFFECT OF EXCHANGE ON CASH               1,620            (87)         (1,357)
INCREASE/DECREASE IN CASH/SHOR       (977,087)       (712,137)     (1,527,929)

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
(000's CNY)                           12/31/15        12/31/14        12/31/13
DEPRECIATION                            52,827          47,979          43,033
AMORTIZATION OF INTANGIBLES             10,195           8,949           6,846
AMORTIZATION OF DEFERRED CHARG           1,308           1,555           1,595
STAFF COSTS                            286,878         306,959         260,702
EXCISE/WINDFALL PROFIT TAX               4,835           3,654             556
RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT                  37,126           9,026          37,861
TAXES OTHER THAN INCOME TAXES           28,090          34,041          27,469
DIVIDEND INCOME - NON-OPTG              96,559          89,105           9,842
DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS-PRETAX               0               0               0
GAINS/LOSS ON DISPOSAL OF                2,816         (3,667)         (1,921)
ASTS[J]
FOREIGN EXCHANGE TRANSACTIONS            1,427              33         (1,318)
NET INCOME - DILUTED                   269,460         214,579         307,891
WORKING CAPITAL                      2,230,966       2,021,076       2,573,293
INCREASE/DECREASE IN WORKING C         209,890       (552,217)       (235,878)
TOTAL CAPITAL                        3,685,426       3,523,145       3,573,768

   [J]: EXTRAORDINARY


(000's CNY)                           12/31/15        12/31/14        12/31/13
TRADE RECEIVABLES - NET                 25,436          43,469          35,579
PROV FOR BAD DEBT-SUPPLEMENTRY          23,461          26,027          21,564

(000's CNY)                           12/31/15        12/31/14        12/31/13
OTHER ACCRUED EXPENSES                  30,380          46,174          33,379
TOTAL DEBT                              43,050           4,349               0
NON-CONVERTIBLE DEBT                         0               0               0
CONVERTIBLE DEBT                             0               0               0
GOODWILL WRITTEN OFF                         0               0               0

(000's CNY)                           12/31/15        12/31/14        12/31/13
TAXATION (CASH FLOW)                   255,453         312,893         216,864
EXTERNAL FINANCING                           0               0               0

(000's CNY)                           12/31/15        12/31/14        12/31/13
INTERNATIONAL SALES                     79,369          85,572          98,203

                                      12/31/15        12/31/14        12/31/13
FOREIGN SALES GROWTH                         -         (12.86)            0.47
FOREIGN SALES % TOTAL SALES               3.06            2.81            3.18

                                      12/31/15        12/31/14        12/31/13
NET SALES/REVENUES -1YR ANN GR               -          (1.33)          (8.23)
OPERATING INCOME - 1 YR ANNUAL               -           23.84         (43.27)
NET INCOME - 1 YR ANNUAL GROWT               -         (30.31)         (27.85)
TOTAL ASSETS - 1 YR ANNUAL GRO            6.44          (2.48)            0.31
EQUITY - 1 YR                             4.62            0.07            0.68
EMPLOYEES - 1 YR ANNUAL GROWTH          (3.26)         (22.49)          (3.13)
EARNINGS PER SHARE - 1 YR                    -         (30.31)         (35.36)
DIVIDENDS PER SHARE - 1 YR               49.81         (49.62)         (25.35)
BOOK VALUE PER SHARE - 1 YR               4.62            0.07            0.68
NET MARGIN - 1 YR GROWTH RATE                -         (29.37)         (21.37)

                                      12/31/15        12/31/14        12/31/13
ASSETS PER EMPLOYEE - 5 YR AVG      949,132.66               -               -
TOTAL ASSET TURNOVER - 5 YR AV            0.84               -               -
NET SALES/FIXED ASSETS-5 Y AVG            4.89               -               -
NET SALES%WORKING CAPITAL - 5             1.96               -               -
CAPITAL EXPED%TOTAL SALES-5YAV            7.22               -               -
ACCUM DEPR%GROSS FIX ASSTS-5YR           20.01               -               -

                                      12/31/15        12/31/14        12/31/13
QUICK RATIO - 5 YR AVG                    1.74               -               -
CURRENT RATIO - 5 YR AVG                  3.12               -               -
CASH & EQUIVALENTS % TOTAL CUR           51.13               -               -
RECEIVABLES % TOTAL CURRENT AS            5.20               -               -
INVENTORIES % TOTAL CURRENT AS            8.34               -               -

                                      12/31/15        12/31/14        12/31/13
TOTAL DEBT % COMMON EQUITY - 5            0.26               -               -
LONG TERM DEBT % COM EQTY 5 YR            0.00               -               -
MINORITY INTEREST % TOTAL CAPI          (0.00)               -               -
TOTAL DEBT % TOTAL CAP - 5 YR             0.26               -               -
LONG TERM DEBT % TOT CAP-5 YR             0.00               -               -
EQUITY % TOTAL CAPITAL - 5 YR            99.43               -               -
PREFERRED STOCK % TOTAL CAPITA            0.00               -               -
TOTAL DEBT % TOTAL ASSETS - 5             0.20               -               -
COMMON EQUITY % TOTAL ASSETS -           73.85               -               -
TOTAL CAPITAL % ASSETS - 5 YR            74.29               -               -
FIXED ASSETS % COMMON EQUITY -           19.94               -               -
WORK CAP % TOT CAP - 5 YR AVG            64.89               -               -

                                      12/31/15        12/31/14        12/31/13
CASH FLOW/SALES - 5 YR AVG               11.66               -               -
COST OF GOODS SOLD/SALES - 5 Y           63.76               -               -
GROSS PROFIT MARGIN - 5 YR AVG           34.51               -               -
SELL, GEN & ADM /SALES 5YR AVG           22.83               -               -
OPERATING PROFIT MARGIN - 5 YR            9.97               -               -
PRETAX MARGIN - 5 YR AVG                 12.35               -               -
TAX RATE - 5 YR AVG                      15.86               -               -
NET MARGIN - 5 YR                        10.41               -               -
SALES PER EMPLOYEE - 5 YR AVG       686,005.20               -               -

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
                                      12/31/15        12/31/14        12/31/13
QUICK RATIO                               0.22            1.51            2.00
CURRENT RATIO                             3.13            3.24            3.60
CASH & EQUIVALENTS % TOTAL CUR            4.16           38.11           50.84
RECEIVABLES % TOTAL CURRENT AS            2.84            8.43            4.77
INVENTORIES % TOTAL CURRENT AS            8.07            8.40            7.24
ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLES DAYS                23.92           24.94           17.41
INVENTORIES (DAYS) HELD                  59.55           47.89           42.33

                                      12/31/15        12/31/14        12/31/13
TOTAL DEBT % COMMON EQUITY                1.17            0.12            0.00
TOTAL ASSETS/COMMON EQUITY                1.29            1.27            1.30
LONG TERM DEBT % COMMON EQUITY            0.00            0.00            0.00
MINORITY INTEREST % TOTAL CAPI          (0.01)            0.00            0.00
TOTAL DEBT % TOTAL CAPITAL/STD            1.15            0.12            0.00
LONG TERM DEBT % TOTAL CAPITAL            0.00            0.00            0.00
EQUITY % TOTAL CAPITAL                  100.01          100.00           98.51
PREFERRED STOCK % TOTAL CAPITA            0.00            0.00            0.00
TOTAL DEBT % TOTAL ASSETS                 0.91            0.10            0.00
COMMON EQTY % TOTAL ASSETS               77.67           79.03           77.01
TOTAL CAPITAL % ASSETS                   77.66           79.03           78.17
FIXED CHARGE COVERAGE RATIO             127.07               -               -
DIVIDEND PAYOUT (% EARNINGS)             40.53           98.80           92.24
CASH DIVIDEND COVERAGE RATIO              1.96            1.66            1.22
OPERATING CASH/FIXED CHARGES             88.44               -               -
FIXED ASSETS % COMMON EQUITY             23.95           17.95           13.40
WORKING CAPITAL % TOT CAPITAL            60.53           57.37           72.01
EBIT/INTEREST EXPENSE                   127.07               -               -

                                      12/31/15        12/31/14        12/31/13
RETURN ON EQUITY - TOTAL (%)              7.48            6.09            8.78
RETURN ON EQUITY - PER SHARE              7.48            6.09            8.78
REINVESTMENT RATE (EEG)/TOT 1Y            4.45            0.07            0.68
REINVESTMENT RATE (EEG)/SHR 1Y            3.04            3.06            2.73
RETURN ON ASSETS                          5.90            4.75            6.75
RETURN ON INVESTED CAPITAL                7.47            6.08            8.65
CASH EARNS RETURN ON EQUITY               5.94            9.99            9.91
CASH FLOW/SALES                           8.27           11.55           11.26
COST OF GOODS SOLD/SALES                 60.35           62.96           66.64
GROSS PROFIT MARGIN                      37.16           35.12           31.69
SELLING, GENERAL & ADM / SALES           29.79           23.69           21.60
RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT/SALES              1.43            0.30            1.23
OPERATING PROFIT MARGIN                   4.85           10.01            7.98
OPERATING INCOME/TOTAL CAPITAL            3.48            8.65            6.92
PRETAX MARGIN                            11.78            8.76           11.76
TAX RATE                                 11.88           19.57           15.19
INTEREST RATE                             5.62               -               -
NET MARGIN                               10.40            7.04            9.97
SALES PER EMPLOYEE                  715,863.19      814,601.69      639,905.36

                                      12/31/15        12/31/14        12/31/13
ASSETS PER EMPLOYEE               1,311,627.51    1,192,020.31      947,487.76
TOTAL ASSET TURNOVER                      0.55            0.68            0.68
INVENTORY TURNOVER                        6.13            7.62            8.62
NET SALES TO GROSS FIXED ASSET            2.36            3.76            5.04
NET SALES%WORKING CAPITAL                 1.16            1.51            1.20
CAPITAL EXPENDT %GROSS FIX AST           50.77           49.71           35.74
CAPITAL EXPENDT % TOTAL ASSETS            7.20            6.66            4.05
CAPITAL EXPENDT % TOTAL SALES            12.40           10.00            5.97
ACCUMULATED DEP%GROSS FIX ASST           19.43           21.87           22.99

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
SECURITY TYPE: A Gu
EXCHANGE: SHANGHAI
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: 800,000,000
EPS: CNY 0.44
DIVIDEND PER SHARE: CNY 0.20

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Grant Thornton
Grant Thornton
CNY 1,080,000
Unqualified





                              2015 (Thousands CNY)

                      SALES  OPTG INCOME       ASSETS      CAP EXP       DEPREC
CHINA             2,222,702            -            -            -            -
OTHER FOREIGN        79,369            -            -            -            -





                              2015 (Thousands CNY)

                      SALES  OPTG INCOME       ASSETS      CAP EXP       DEPREC
SOLAR THERMAL     2,238,009   416,806[K]            -            -            -
HEATER
PURIFIED WATER      256,003 (119,402)[K]            -            -            -
MACHINE
AIR ENERGY          100,816   (7,309)[K]            -            -            -

   [K]: AS REPORTED


ACCOUNTING PRACTICES FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDING 12/31/15
ACCOUNTING METHOD FOR LONG TERM INVESTMENT >50%: All subsidiaries are
consolidated
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOLLOWED: Local standards
ACCOUNTING PRACTICES FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDING 12/31/14
ACCOUNTING METHOD FOR LONG TERM INVESTMENT >50%: All subsidiaries are
consolidated
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOLLOWED: Local standards
ACCOUNTING PRACTICES FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDING 12/31/13
ACCOUNTING METHOD FOR LONG TERM INVESTMENT >50%: All subsidiaries are
consolidated
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOLLOWED: Local standards

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2017


                              373 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                           November 30, 2010 Tuesday

ADB, France fund Cebu, Davao water supply dev't study

SECTION: Pg. S1/6

LENGTH: 465 words


THE ASIAN Development Bank (ADB) will provide a $2-million technical assistance
grant that will lay the groundwork for projects to upgrade and expand water
supply and sanitation systems in Cebu and Davao cities, the bank said in a
statement yesterday.

The grant is financed by the government of France and will be administered by
ADB, with the Philippines providing $200,000 in counterpart funding.

"Mismatches between supply and demand due to sharply rising populations,
environmental pollution and shrinking water sources mean that, without remedial
action, Metro Cebu in the Visayas and Davao City in Mindanao could experience a
water crisis by 2015, as well as a sanitation crisis," the statement quoted
Paulus Van Klaveren, Water Supply and Sanitation Specialist in ADB's Southeast
Asia Department, as saying.

Current water supply in Cebu and Davao, the country's second and third largest
cities, respectively, fall short of their populations' needs, and the situation
is expected to worsen in the coming years as households there increase, the
statement said.

Compounding the problem is pollution and illegal tapping of groundwater by
households and businesses which threatens to cause land subsidence and salt
water intrusion into supply sources.

Sanitation services are also minimal, with sludge from septic tanks often
discharged into rivers and dumpsites.

"Unless district water agencies in the two cities aggressively expand their
water supply capacity and distribution systems, both urban centers will face
significant shortages of drinking water and water quality problems in the near
future," said Mr. Van Klaveren.

The technical assistance aims to develop a multi-tranche financing facility to
provide phased project funding, as well as assess water supply options and draw
up designs for network expansion.

The main project afterwards will include the rehabilitation and expansion of
water distribution systems, construction of waste water collection and disposal
facilities, and a community sanitation awareness program.

It will also address structural development constraints such as a weak and
fragmented regulatory environment, poorly performing utilities, as well as a
general lack of public and private investment in the sector.

"The goal is to increase service coverage of continuous water supply from 50% of
the population to 80%, and access to hygienic sanitation from 10% of the
population to 50% by 2022," Mr. Van Klaveren said.

While the main focus is on Cebu and Davao cities, other major urban centers with
similar problems could also be included in the planned project.

The executing agencies for the technical assistance activities are the Metro
Cebu Water District and the Davao City Water District, with work scheduled for
completion by March 2012, the statement said.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2010 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              374 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                           November 30, 2010 Tuesday

ADB, France fund Cebu, Davao water supply dev't study

SECTION: Pg. S1/6

LENGTH: 465 words


THE ASIAN Development Bank (ADB) will provide a $2-million technical assistance
grant that will lay the groundwork for projects to upgrade and expand water
supply and sanitation systems in Cebu and Davao cities, the bank said in a
statement yesterday.

The grant is financed by the government of France and will be administered by
ADB, with the Philippines providing $200,000 in counterpart funding.

"Mismatches between supply and demand due to sharply rising populations,
environmental pollution and shrinking water sources mean that, without remedial
action, Metro Cebu in the Visayas and Davao City in Mindanao could experience a
water crisis by 2015, as well as a sanitation crisis," the statement quoted
Paulus Van Klaveren, Water Supply and Sanitation Specialist in ADB's Southeast
Asia Department, as saying.

Current water supply in Cebu and Davao, the country's second and third largest
cities, respectively, fall short of their populations' needs, and the situation
is expected to worsen in the coming years as households there increase, the
statement said.

Compounding the problem is pollution and illegal tapping of groundwater by
households and businesses which threatens to cause land subsidence and salt
water intrusion into supply sources.

Sanitation services are also minimal, with sludge from septic tanks often
discharged into rivers and dumpsites.

"Unless district water agencies in the two cities aggressively expand their
water supply capacity and distribution systems, both urban centers will face
significant shortages of drinking water and water quality problems in the near
future," said Mr. Van Klaveren.

The technical assistance aims to develop a multi-tranche financing facility to
provide phased project funding, as well as assess water supply options and draw
up designs for network expansion.

The main project afterwards will include the rehabilitation and expansion of
water distribution systems, construction of waste water collection and disposal
facilities, and a community sanitation awareness program.

It will also address structural development constraints such as a weak and
fragmented regulatory environment, poorly performing utilities, as well as a
general lack of public and private investment in the sector.

"The goal is to increase service coverage of continuous water supply from 50% of
the population to 80%, and access to hygienic sanitation from 10% of the
population to 50% by 2022," Mr. Van Klaveren said.

While the main focus is on Cebu and Davao cities, other major urban centers with
similar problems could also be included in the planned project.

The executing agencies for the technical assistance activities are the Metro
Cebu Water District and the Davao City Water District, with work scheduled for
completion by March 2012, the statement said.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2010 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              375 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Belfast Telegraph

                              July 24, 2006 Monday

New homes must have solar panels

BYLINE: By Robin Morton

LENGTH: 397  words


Solar roof panels are to become compulsory on all new houses in Northern Ireland
from April 2008, the Secretary of State announced today.

Peter Hain - who disclosed that he had cut his own energy bill in half by
installing panels on his home in Wales - said he was committed to "green
energy".

Mr Hain announced the proposed change to building regulations in Northern
Ireland as he launched an £8m renewable energy household programme.

The grant aid, part of the Government's £59m renewable energy fund, will help
4,000 householders to install renewable energy systems in their homes.

The change to building regulations will make the use of solar panels obligatory
in all new homes, office blocks and public sector buildings.

Solar panels heat water while solar photo-voltaic (PV) panels, such as those
used by Mr Hain, generate electricity.

Another form of so-called "micro-generation" is the use of a domestic-sized wind
turbine designed for houses.

Mr Hain said 100% grant assistance was being made available to install solar hot
water systems in private-sector fuel-poor households.

In the public sector, the Housing Executive is to install solar water-heating
panels in 600 of its 90,000 properties.

Mr Hain said: "Northern Ireland is leading the rest of the UK in renewable
energy and the household programme is another important milestone.

"I am fully committed to the use of renewable energy and know how effective it
can be. In my home in Wales, I have installed PV panels on my roof and this has
resulted in my energy bill being halved."

The Secretary of State announced the new initiative during a visit to Comber
during which he inspected a house which has benefited from renewable energy
measures.

He said the aim was to reduce electricity, oil and gas usage by persuading
householders to switch to renewable energy.

The Government's target is to generate 12% of electricity in Northern Ireland
from indigenous renewable sources by 2012.

But there is some way to go. In 2005/06 5.8% of consumption was from renewables
with just 3% of that coming from indigenous sources.

Indigenous wind power capacity in Northern Ireland now stands at 106 megawatts
(MW) against a maximum demand for electricity of 1,700MW per day.

Meanwhile, a Government- backed experimental £8.5m tidal energy scheme, which
was approved last December, is expected to be up and running in Strangford Lough
this autumn.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2006 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              376 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                THE BRISTOL POST

                               February 21, 2003

Solar Power To The People

SECTION: News; Consumer; Food/Household; Pg. 9 2102BRISEP1E1solar

LENGTH: 1404 words


If you thought that solar panels were just for homes in those countries lucky
enough to have sunshine all year round - think again.  The first myth to dispel
is that solar panels run on sunshine - while sunshine does aid the process it is
the actual light which is the source for generating the power.

The second myth to dispel is that buying the equipment to make your home more
ecologically friendly is expensive.

The typical price to cover the purchase and installation of the equipment can be
as little as £2,800.

But with government grants available for up to 50 per cent of the cost, it has
never been more affordable to start doing your bit to save the planet.

There are two ways of joining the solar power revolution - either through a
solar water heating system or through solar cells which generate electricity.

The average three-bedroom home with four people living there will probably use
about 4,000 units of electricity per year, with bills ranging from £250 to £500.

But with solar energy typically able to supply between 1,500 and 2,000 units of
electricity each year, bills could be cut by up to 50 per cent.

So why isn't everyone changing their electricity supplier to the sun? According
to the only Bristol company which installs solar panels throughout the UK, it is
ignorance which is preventing people from signing up to this form of renewable
energy.

Jon Walker, director of Imagination Solar, said: "The reason why people are not
taking up this form of energy is primarily the perceived cost.

"But there are also psychological factors which come into play.

"People will think nothing of buying a £12,000 car or a new kitchen, but neither
of these purchases will have a payback dividend like installing a solar power
system.

"At the moment the market is dominated by the 'Greens', but it will be
influenced more and more by the 'Grey Pound' as people in their 50s and 60s who
have paid off their mortgage and seen their children move out of the home find
they have more disposable income.

"These people have the money as well as the inclination to choose more
environmentally-friendly options.

"So when you consider that we get 65 per cent of the sunshine you get in
Barcelona, which everyone considers to be in a warm Mediterranean climate, you
realise just how much solar radiation is falling on our buildings." Jon did add
a word of warning if you are considering buying either solar water heating or
solar electricity systems.

He said: "Potential customers must ensure that they deal with members of the
Solar Trade Association, which operates a code of practice so that they can't
make outlandish claims which aren't backed up by research.

"If someone chooses a solar water heating system, then typically they can expect
to generate between 50 and 70 per cent of their needs through solar power." Most
people believe that businesses and industry are the main culprits when it comes
to extravagant energy use and harmful emissions.

But domestic use is also a huge burden on the environment, accounting for 30 per
cent of all emissions, according to the Energy Saving Trust.

Even if ecological issues leave you cold, when the warmth from your radiators is
seeping out of your house due to poor insulation, you're effectively paying to
heat the street.

The average household could save at least £200 a year by making the home more
energy-efficient.

Our European neighbours are already way ahead of us when it comes to energy
efficiency.

The Energy Saving Trust's mission is to encourage attitudes more in line with
the conscientious Scandinavians, Dutch and Germans.

Some of the measures it recommends simply involve a change in habit.

For instance: Don't leave appliances in standby mode.

Don't leave the fridge door open.

For every minute you dither over which flavour of yogurt you fancy, the fridge
will take three minutes to regain its temperature.

Running your washing machine at 40 degrees rather than 60 degrees uses a third
less electricity.

Don't leave lightbulbs on in empty rooms.

Energy-efficient lightbulbs cut energy wastage by over 75 per cent.

That's around £10 a year on your energy bill, or £68 over the bulb's lifetime.

If every British household installed three compact fluorescent lightbulbs,
enough energy would be saved in a year to supply the UK's street lighting - an
amazing statistic.

Homeowners can get grants starting at £500 towards the installation of domestic
solar water heating systems.

Community groups can apply for grants up to £100,000 for feasibility studies and
system installations.

The funding comes on top of existing grants for the installation of solar
electricity.

How solar panels work THERE are two ways of making use of solar power for use in
any house - solar water heating and solar electricity.

A solar water heating system has a solar panel installed on a southerly facing
roof with pipes linked to a solar hot water heater which is in turn linked to a
solar controller and pump, a normal boiler and the mains water supply.

When there is sufficient daylight, water is pumped from the storage tank and
flows through microbore copper piping fitted beneath the solar collector.

The water flowing through the copper piping collects the heat and transfers it
to the hot water cylinder.

Hot water is then ready on demand.

When insufficient solar hot water is produced the boiler will fire and feed
top-up heat into the hot water cylinder.

The pump unit will switch off at the end of the day or when the hot water in the
cylinder reaches the maximum of 80 deg C All the water is drained back out of
the system into a storage tank to guarantee boil and freeze protection.

The second way of generating power from solar power is by harnessing the sun's
rays through photovoltaic cells.

When light hits the cells an electrical direct current (DC) is generated - even
on cloudy days. Before solar electricity can be connected to the mains power
supply, it must be converted to alternating current (AC).

This is done by using a simple machine called an inverter in the loft space.

The AC electricity passes directly to the fuse box along with the normal mains
supply for use anywhere in the home.

There may be times when the electricity demand is less than the solar panels are
generating.

When this is the case any surplus electricity is directed through an export
meter and can be sold to the mains electricity supplier.

This is called a gridconnected system and, typically, electricity suppliers will
buy power generated by domestic homes at the same rate they sell electricity.

Who can apply for grants?  THE Department of Trade and Industry's £10 million
Clear Skies initiative aims to give homeowners a further boost in the right
direction - it will provide not only advice, but cash.

If you're planning to install energy-efficient systems in your home, such as
solar power, solar water heating, wind, hydro, ground source heat pumps or
automated wood pellet stoves, you could be eligible for a grant of up to £5,000.

Two general conditions of the scheme apply to applications. DIY installations
will not be eligible for a grant and the equipment installed must be new and not
refurbished.

Properties both on and off the electricity grid are eligible for a grant.

Homeowners are also encouraged to seek at least two estimates before applying.

There are several specific eligibility criteria - for example, the applicant
must be the owner of the property.

Systems must supply a building - mobile homes, caravans and houseboats are not
eligible.

The system must be designed, installed and commissioned by an accredited
installer using components on the DTI's recognised product list.

Installers will provide an estimate of the annual energy output of the system.

Grants must be spent within one year of the grant offer being made and an
applicant can have a maximum of two grants, provided they are for different
technologies.

Who to call Call your local Energy Efficiency Advice Centre on 0800 512012, the
Energy Efficiency helpline on 0845 7277200, or visit www.saveenergy.co.uk DTI's
Clear Skies is at www.clear-skies.org Call Imagination Solar on 942 6668 or
visit www.imaginationsolar.com To find a local installer visit
www.solartradeassociation.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                      Copyright 2003 Bristol United Press


                              377 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Brimbank Leader (Australia)

                              May 20, 2008 Tuesday
                                  1 - Edition

$100,000 in site

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Pg. 302

LENGTH: 461  words


REALESTATE.COM.AU has donated $100,000 to Mission Australia to help house the
homeless, following the overwhelming number of visitors to the website
housesforthehomeless. com.au. It took just over 48 hours after the launch of
realestate.com.au's House the Homeless campaign this month for 100,000 Aussies
to visit the housesforthe homeless.com.au website and help raise $100,000 for
Mission Australia's housing support services. Realestate. com.au boss Shaun Di
Gregorio said the campaign would continue throughout May to raise awareness of
homelessness.

Water trial funded

DELFIN Laurimar's grey and black water trial has been given a $200,000 grant
from the Smart Water Fund towards the research and demonstration of an
innovative approach to harvest and treat stormwater, grey water and black water
in a new housing development. The trial has received financial backing and is
endorsed by the Smart Water Fund. Laurimar's Sean Pinan said the water recycling
trial demonstrated Delfin's commitment to building environmentally sustainable
developments. ``This program aims to significantly reduce the amount of potable
water used to irrigate gardens and public open spaces, keeping the community
green and healthy, while assisting residents in protecting their investments,''
Mr Pinan said. ``Once the grey and black water system is fully operational, it
is expected that a household will save about 50 per cent of drinking water
compared to an equivalent-sized household without a water recycling system.''
Information: www.smartwater.com.au

Jobs on line

HOMEBUILDERS or renovators looking for a tradesperson have an easier way to find
someone thanks to a new online initiative. Tradebuild, the Housing Industry of
Australia's free, web-based business directory, is open to all HIA members who
want to advertise their business on the website. By entering the location of the
job, and selecting a specific trade or keyword, consumers are provided with a
list of HIA members that fit the requirements. Tradebuild is also linked to
another of HIA's web-based initiatives eQuote which allows people to send
details of the work they require to an online noticeboard. HIA members are then
able to view the noticeboard and provide quotes direct to the consumer.
Information: hia.com.au

Sales boost

FALLING auction rates, a lack of buyers, and long waits for sales have placed
pressure on vendors and real estate agents to look for competitive edges in
sales campaigns. One response has been to market properties with an Archicentre
Pre Purchase Inspection Report that provides prospective buyers with a $10,000
structural guarantee. Agents and private sellers say that approach is being well
received by prospective buyers as it takes the gueswork out of the properties'
condition.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: BMV


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              378 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Diamond Valley Leader (Australia)

                             May 14, 2008 Wednesday
                                1 - DVV Edition

Callaway Park ready for stage-one launch

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Pg. 354

LENGTH: 282  words


CALLAWAY Park, Australand's latest residential development, promises to set the
standard for sophisticated living in Sunshine. Soon to be launched, stage one
will see most houses situated close to parklands with extensive native plantings
to attract birdlife and shared trails and paths linking open spaces. The houses
will be contemporary in style with a range of 15 double-storey designs, alfresco
dining areas, and a choice of three- or four-bedroom houses designed with the
accent on low maintenance and a relaxed lifestyle. Kororoit Creek, the new
Sunshine Golf Club, schools, Deer Park bypass, the Western Ring Rd and Sunshine
railway station are not far away. Information: Australand on 13 3838.

Water trial funded

DELFIN Laurimar's grey and black water trial has been given a $200,000 grant
from the Smart Water Fund towards the research and demonstration of an
innovative approach to harvest and treat stormwater, grey water and black water
in a new housing development. The trial has received financial backing from and
is endorsed by the Smart Water Fund. Laurimar's Sean Pinan said the water
recycling trial demonstrated Delfin's commitment to building environmentally
sustainable developments. ``This program aims to significantly reduce the amount
of

potable water used to irrigate gardens and public open spaces, keeping the
community green and healthy, while assisting residents in protecting their
investments,'' Mr Pinan said. ``Once the grey and black water system is fully
operational, it is expected that a household will save about 50 per cent of
drinking water compared to an equivalent-sized household without a water
recycling system.''

Information: www.smartwater.com.au.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: DVV


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              379 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                             April 14, 2014, Monday

PSC order may finally bring water to northern Putnam residents

BYLINE: Ryan Quinn

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P5A

LENGTH: 613 words


The state Public Service Commission's order Monday that West Virginia American
Water continue public water projects may benefit rural northern Putnam County
residents.

The Putnam County Commission is considering lowering the Small Cities Block
Grant amount it is requesting this year to extend water lines to about 50
households in the Manila Ridge area, which borders Mason County. This would be
the fourth consecutive year the county has requested the grant for the project.
Commission President Steve Andes said the county has asked for about $1.5
million each year and has not received funding.

In 2012, West Virginia American decided not to contribute $200,000 for the
project. Water company officials slashed funding for public-private water
partnerships all over the state in 2011, not long after the PSC turned town $10
million of a requested $15 million rate increase.

The Putnam County Building Commission joined other entities from other counties
in filing a complaint with the PSC.

But now that the PSC has ordered the water company to continue helping such
projects, the county might need less money to complete the project.

"A few weeks ago, the Putnam County Commission informed us that they were
considering the Manila Ridge project in a different scope, West Virginia
American spokeswoman Laura Jordan wrote in an email.

"We are awaiting the revised project information from the county's engineer so
that we can understand the overall project cost and updated customer count.

She wrote that the company could better propose an investment level once it
receives this information.

County Manager Brian Donat said it's too early to predict the impact of the
PSC's order.

"But we want to work with the water company and we need to work with the water
company on extension of water service to residents that don't have it, Donat
said. He said the order helps all parties know what their contributions to the
project will be.

"So it's easier to plan projects and make grant applications, he said. He said
he hopes the grant request this year will be much less than $1.5 million.

Commissioner Andy Skidmore said the county may drop its request to $1 million
this year.

"We're just trying to make our application more attractive, Skidmore said. He
said he didn't think any of the projects that received grant funding in 2013 got
more than $1 million.

A lower grant request this year would not be the first time the commission has
adjusted its requests for water extensions in northern Putnam. The Manila Ridge
extensions were originally part of a larger approximately $6 million request.
Donat said the full project would have provided water to residents in Manila,
Jim and Bee ridges.

County officials said that, after trying for more than a decade to get funding
for the full project, the commission decided to break the request up. Terry
Martin, who is helping the county apply for the Manila Ridge grant as project
coordinator for the Regional Intergovernmental Council, said the county was then
finally able to achieve funding to extend service to about 95 households in the
first portion, which Donat said served Jim and Bee ridges.

Martin said when that project finished in 2010, the extended lines provided the
opportunity to expand to the adjacent Manila Ridge. He said the county has to
extend water lines to Manila Ridge before it can provide water to the roughly 50
to 60 residents in a third section. He said income surveys are currently
underway to gauge whether more than 51 percent of Manila Ridge residents meet
the low-to-moderate income requirement to qualify for the grant, which provides
federal funds.

Reach Ryan Quinn at ryan.quinn@wvgazette.com or 304-348-1254.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              380 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           December 18, 2012 Tuesday

Grants of up to EUR 4,000 for septic tank repairs

BYLINE: MARTIN WALL

SECTION: IRELAND; Other stories; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 207 words


The Government is to provide grants of up to EUR 4,000 to assist households
whose septic tanks and other domestic water treatment systems require
remediation or upgrading following new inspections.

For households with income of up to EUR 50,000, the maximum grant available will
be EUR 4,000, or 80 per cent of the cost. For households with income of between
EUR 50,000 and EUR 75,000, the maximum grant will be EUR 2,500, or 50 per cent
of the cost.

Minister for the Environment Phil Hogan said yesterday that a strict condition
of eligibility would be that the householder had registered their system by the
prescribed date of February 1st, 2013. He said grants would only be available
where systems had been inspected by local authorities and had been found to be
in need of remediation.

Inspections are expected to get under way next year.

I am very conscious of householders  concerns regarding some costs in repairing
or upgrading their systems if they fail an inspection,  Mr Hogan said.  Even
though most of the deficiencies with septic tanks are likely to be remedied by
routine maintenance . . . I am making this announcement to reassure people that
they will be assisted in meeting the costs of any remedial works that may be
necessary.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              381 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                            October 23, 2007 Tuesday
                              Correction Appended

Manila Water to build 300-MW power plant to save on costs

BYLINE: with Maria Kristina C. Conti

SECTION: Pg. S1/7

LENGTH: 670 words


East zone concessionaire Manila Water Co. is banking on a 300-megawatt (MW)
power plant on site its Makati sewage treatment plant to save the firm about P1
million in power costs every month, a top official said recently.

Manila Water President Antonino T. Aquino told BusinessWorld on the sidelines of
its investors briefing that it started building the waste-to- energy facility in
July, as part of a company thrust to be more environmentally-friendly.

The plant would be completed by June 2008, he added, but declined to say how
much the project would cost.

The plant, he said, was being funded by the operation improvement budget, which
Mr. Aquino placed at between P1.5 billion-2 billion in the next five years.

The project involves the retrofitting of an anaerobic wastewater reactor and
construction of the power plant called Waste-to-Energy (WTE) system.

It will convert the methane byproduct of wastewater treatment into a renewable
source of energy for Manila Water's sewage treatment operations.

Built in 1964, the Makati south sewage treatment plant can accommodate 40,000
cubic meters of wastewater per day.

The sludge is processed inside processing tanks before being transferred into
the drying beds. The process emits the gas methane, which if captured correctly,
can be used to generate electricity.

If allowed to seep out into the environment, methane contributes significantly
to global warming. Mr. Aquino said Manila Water would register the project under
the clean development mechanism program to monetize carbon credits. "We work in
a socially sensitive environment so we should align our business goals with
social and environmental goals," he said.

Aside from the reduction in greenhouse gas emissions, the project would also
improve several aspects of sewage treatment operations such as reduction of odor
and improvement of sludge treatment, said project partner Philippine
Bio-Sciences Co., Inc. (Philbio) in its Web site.

Meanwhile, the International Finance Corp. (IFC), a member of the World Bank
Group, will contribute $1.05 million to Tubig Para sa Barangay, a project of
Ayala-owned Manila Water Co., Inc., it said in a statement.

IFC, in a statement posted in its Web site on Oct. 20, said the contribution
would be made through the Global Partnership on Output Based Aid (GPOBA), a
multi-donor trust fund administered by the World Bank.

"GPOBA... signed an agreement with the company to co-finance individual
household water supply connections in poor communities in the Philippine
capital. About 20,000 homes will benefit from the $1.05-million grant," IFC
said.

IFC said the project aimed to reduce the cost of household connections by
subsidizing the regulated connection fee through a $17.6-million project.

The GPOBA subsidy will support the water service connection component of Manila
Water's flagship program, it said, adding that this was part of a larger network
expansion program.

"Manila Water's standard household connection covers the pipe work to the meter
and the meter itself. To improve the GPOBA scheme's sustainability, the company
will prefinance "after the meter" pipe work and faucets," IFC said.

It added that households would repay Manila Water for the facilities in monthly
installments.

"Manila Water will also offer to pre-fund the provision of a toilet, as this is
seen to be essential to making a complete and sustainable development package
available to poor communities," the IFC statement quoted Mr. Aquino as saying.

The program is structured around installing a working household connection that
must deliver acceptable service for three months. "To ensure the sustainability
of the scheme over and above the subsidized connection fee, customers will be
billed according to the actual work done, and costs will reflect in their water
bill," added Patricia Veevers-Carter, GPOBA program manager.

IFC is a shareholder of Manila Water. Following an IFC-structured deal, the
company was awarded a 25-year concession to provide services to 5.3 million
people in the east zone.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: October 24, 2007



CORRECTION: In the article, "Manila Water to build 300-MW power plant to save on
costs," which came out on page 7 of the Oct. 23, 2007 issue of BusinessWorld,
please note that the power plant's size is 300 kilowatts, and not 300 megawatts,
as published.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2007 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              382 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                The Jordan Times

                             May 23, 2012 Wednesday

Community water saving project to receive cash influx amid huge demand

LENGTH: 486  words


AMMAN - A grass-roots project that helps communities adapt to water scarcity
while preserving natural resources is set to receive an additional JD1.5 million
in funding by July, experts involved in the project said. Under the
Community-Based Initiatives for Water Demand Management Project (CBIWDM),
societies across the Kingdom will receive grants from USAID and Mercy Corps,
then extend them to citizens as revolving loans to implement water efficiency
projects. The project, implemented by Mercy Corps in cooperation with the Jordan
River Foundation and the Royal Scientific Society, was launched in 2006 and
concludes next year.

"People are interested in the idea... Societies are not keeping up with requests
for revolving loans to implement water projects and there is a waiting list for
the coming 10 years," Setta Tutundjian, project management specialist in water
resources and environment at USAID, said during a meeting held on Wednesday to
review the project's achievements. Tutundjian highlighted that efforts are under
way to secure extra funding for the project in order to meet the rising demand
for loans, expecting the funds to be secured by July. Meanwhile, CBIWDM Project
Director Rania Zu'bi reviewed the achievements of the project, noting that it is
implemented under three phases which entail revolving loans and
capacity-building programmes for 135 societies, communal grants for 30
societies, and integrated water and energy resources management initiatives at
the community level. The revolving loans have thus far benefitted 28,000 people,
while 74 projects have been implemented at the community level, including 31 in
schools, 18 in mosques and 25 in water springs, according to a statement issued
by Mercy Corps. The projects included rainwater harvesting, maintenance of
ancient wells, maintenance of residential networks, installation of drip
irrigation systems, maintenance of irrigation channels and water springs, and
the reuse of grey water, as well as other water saving and efficiency projects.
"Half of the loans went to building wells for harvesting rainwater from
rooftops, while more than 30 per cent went to carrying out maintenance on
households' worn-out water pipes," Ministry of Water and Irrigation Secretary
General Maysoon Zu'bi said. She noted that many loans also were taken to
implement drip irrigation systems on small farms to improve the efficiency of
water use, noting that only 2 per cent of loans were used for grey water
treatment projects. "It is well known that Jordan suffers from an acute water
shortage. The water situation is difficult and will become harder in the future,
when costly water mega-ventures will be implemented," Zu'bi said on Wednesday.
Given the limited water resources, it is vital to improve the efficiency of
water use at the household level and give people the right tools to reduce water
consumption, the ministry official stressed.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 62


                        Copyright 2012 The Jordan Times.
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              383 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                             May 14, 2008 Wednesday
                               1 - State Edition

Budget 2008 WATER Funding to speed up action on dying Murray

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 58

LENGTH: 267  words


INFRASTRUCTURE upgrades and water licence buybacks along the vital
Murray-Darling Basin will be fast-tracked.

Further details of the $12.9 billion water plan reveal major city water saving
measures and $400 million in urgent funding for the Murray-Darling Basin.

More than $177 million will be spent immediately to buy back water licences
along the river system and $222.8 million will be spent on efficient irrigation
systems.

Water Minister Penny Wong said the measures would help restore the
Murray-Darling Basin.

``The Rudd Government recognises the need to act urgently to restore the
Murray-Darling to health after a decade of inaction,'' she said.

``Together with the historic agreement between the Rudd Government and states on
managing the basin, this investment helps put the Murray-Darling Basin on the
right track.''

The Government also will spend $1 billion on building new sources of water,
including desalination plants, recycling schemes and stormwater harvesting.

Payments, for which the State Government is likely to apply to construct its
Adelaide desalination plant, will be capped at $100 million.

Cities with a population of more than 50,000 will be eligible for funding under
the six-year plan.

The Glenelg-to-Adelaide Parklands water recycling project will be the first
project funded under the scheme in SA.

Households and surf lifesaving clubs will receive grants to install rainwater
tanks in a plan worth $250 million over six years.

Each of the country's 300 surf lifesaving clubs will be eligible for $10,000.
Households can get a $500 rebate for rainwater tanks and greywater products.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              384 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           The Sunday Times (London)

                                  May 28, 2006

How to save energy, money and the planet

BYLINE: Douglas Dalby and Mark Paul

SECTION: BUSINESS; Eire Business & Money; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 1185 words


Soaring fuel bills have brought energy conservation into sharp focus for
homeowners, write Douglas Dalby and Mark Paul

BARRY DOYLE believes the writing is on the wall: there will be a fuel crisis.

Looking on the bright side, the mechanical engineer opened Solire in Wexford
three years ago to sell energy- efficient devices to homeowners and companies
that want to avoid spiralling bills.

"It was a bit of a hobby, but because I was in the right place at the right
time, Solire is now a full-time business," Doyle said. "There is a huge amount
of interest in saving energy, some because of environmental awareness, but most
because of rising fuel bills and the recent introduction of government grants
for renewable energy."

In the past year, the energy bill of the average Irish household has risen 14%,
according to the latest Central Statistics Office (CSO) figures.

Bord Gais, which has raised prices by 25% since last October, is seeking to
increase charges by a further 40%, blaming rising international fuel costs.

If this is agreed it will bring the average household bill to E1,260 a year. The
ESB has also warned of more expensive electricity.

The average electricity bill for 1.7m households has jumped from E495 a year in
2002 to today's E740.

Squandering scarce resources is not only bad for the environment, it can also
burn a hole in any household budget. Going green can be expensive, but the
capital costs of equipment and installation will be offset by negligible running
costs.

There is a bewildering array of devices available. In coming late to the party,
Ireland has the advantage of bringing in technology from Germany, Denmark and
Sweden that has been proven over many years.

The options include solar water-heating devices, wind and hydro turbines, wood
pellet stoves and biofuel burners that can use plant oils.

With grants that are currently available and low running costs, this technology
compares favourably on price with gas and electric heating systems.

Doyle said that if people are not familiar with such money-saving devices, it is
often because they do not know where to begin.

"People don't have enough information and they are too easily led by architects
who haven't even considered renewable energy," Doyle said. "There is a job to be
done educating architects and builders, as well as the public, about the savings
people can make."

To maximise energy conservation, most people would probably have to knock their
homes down and start again from scratch, even down to making sure they were
south- facing to maximise sunlight captured by solar panels. The remote
possibility of this happening is not an argument to do nothing, though,
according to energy experts.

Peter Bonsall, a Dublin-based ecobuilder, believes this could be about to change
as the impending splurge of special savings incentive accounts (SSIA) money
provides a one-off opportunity for households to install renewable energy
systems as part of their renovation plans.

Home improvements are second only to holidays in the list of top 10 spending
intentions, according to spendyourssia.ie, a website that has attracted 10,000
SSIA investors.

Bonsall said that given the rising cost of household energy bills, from an
investment point of view it makes sense to make a home more fuel- efficient when
revamping or extending it. This would not only save money, but also enhance its
value.

The average garden is unlikely to have space for a wind turbine and most
householders would be unwilling to plant trees on their roof, but there are
money-saving technologies that can be fitted easily.

"Solar panels fitted to your roof and linked to your hot water tank are a great
system," said Alex Grassick, the chairman of the Association of Irish Energy
Agencies (AIEA), a national network of local authority run bodies that promote
energy efficiency.

"Simple panels such as these can, on average, provide about 65% of annual hot
water needs in the average home, 80%-90% during the summer."

This is significant because, according to Sustainable Energy Ireland (SEI),
heating water accounts for 64% of all domestic household energy consumption.

It would cost about E4,600 to fit solar panels to the average home, but grant
aid of E1,200 has recently become available through SEI to offset the cost. The
panels have a lifespan of 15 to 20 years and Grassick estimates they will have
paid for themselves within eight years.

Contrary to what you would expect, Ireland's temperate climate is conducive to
solar power. Rain is a heat conductor and the more droplets the greater the
heat.

Anyone who believes that marching around the house turning off every light and
electrical appliance when not in use is too much trouble should consider
installing a centralised control system that allows electrical devices to be
turned off remotely from a laptop.

"This may sound like tomorrow's technology, but it is readily available for
about E2,000 and works not just for lights but also for other electrical items
such as immersion heaters," Bonsall said.

"You could easily have forgotten to turn something off and, while you're lying
there on the beach in Spain, you can send a text message to your system and
instruct it to do so.

"This also works in reverse, of course, and you can have piping hot water when
you come home, but without having to pay for it during your two-week holiday."

If that sounds like overkill and you would prefer to switch off your lights
manually, a version targeted directly at your boiler could be an option. An
intelligent heating controller works by connecting a line to the boiler, and it
can be configured so it fires only when the outside temperature drops. This
device is easy to fit.

Other simple "fixes" include thermostatic radiator valves, which cost about E25
or E30 a radiator in most DIY stores. These set minimum and maximum temperatures
in a room and control your heating costs.

When it comes to saving money on energy bills, prevention is part of the cure.

There is little point in splashing out on renewable energy if the heat escapes
easily or devices are left on when not in use. So think about effective
insulation.

"For domestic dwellings, cellulose insulation made from recycled newspaper is a
cheap option," Grassick said.

"It is only about 5% more expensive than traditional fibreglass attic insulation
and is much more efficient."

Insulating your attic can save 20% on heating costs, according to SEI, and it
should pay for itself within two years. Installing a simple lagging jacket for
your hot water tank, which costs about E15, will pay for itself in two to three
months.

The SEI grants that are available for various products include E4,200 for the
installation of a wood chip or pellet boiler; E1,100 towards the cost of a wood
chip or pellet stove and up to E6,500 towards certain types of pumps, depending
on which one you opt for.

Although the idea of employing traditional methods may appear more attractive
cost-wise, prices of renewable energy products are dropping markedly.

Wood pellet stoves cost between E2,000 and E5,000 and a compatible boiler will
set you back between E9,000 and E16,000.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              385 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                    November 19, 2014 Wednesday 5:03 PM GMT

Irish water charges: Homes to be capped at (EURO)160 from next April

SECTION: REPUBLIC OF IRELAND

LENGTH: 837 words


Irish homes will begin to get water bills capped at 160 euro from next April,
the Dublin Government has confirmed.

After months of confusion and increasingly heated street demonstrations over the
latest austerity tax, the Republic's Environment Minister Alan Kelly admitted
mistakes in its calamitous introduction.

"We, as a Government, have made mistakes but now we face a critical choice," he
said.

"Put simply, we now have a choice that is based on either short-term emotion and
anger or long-term prudence and common sense.

"Anger is never a good starting point for a key decision."

Under the controversial scheme, householders will be liable for charges of 160
euro for single-adult homes and 260 euro for all other homes.

But water conservation grants of 100 euro a year mean the effective costs will
be 60 euro and 160 euro respectively, Mr Kelly confirmed.

The charges, liable from January 1, will remain the same for four years.

Following angry protests targeting senior Government ministers in recent days, a
national demonstration against the "tap tax" is being planned for December 10.

Irish police are investigating a bomb threat to the Environment Minister's
office as tensions heighten over the introduction of water charges.

A woman caller phoned Environment Minister Alan Kelly's constituency office in
Nenagh, Co Tipperary, at around 9am this morning to deliver the "menacing and
threatening" warning, his spokesman said.

The caller warned the female staff member: "We'll bomb you f******."

The minister's spokesman said the staff member was left shaken by the experience
and contacted the Garda to make a formal complaint.

Two detectives have taken a statement and the incident is being investigated.

The woman called did not claim to represent any group or organisation but made
clear the threat was linked to the  levy for water.

A Garda spokesman said it would not discuss the individual security arrangements
of an elected representative but confirmed an incident was being investigated.

A Government spokesman said the previous environment minister had received a
bullet in the post and threats to burn his house down over a previously
introduced levy, the household charges.

The torching of two Cork County Council water services vans in Bantry, west
Cork, over the weekend is being linked by some to the growing fall-out over
water charges.

Tanaiste (deputy prime minister) Joan Burton was trapped in her ministerial car
for around two hours on Saturday when she came under siege from anti-water
charge protesters in Jobstown, west Dublin.

The Labour leader had been speaking at a graduation ceremony and was surrounded
by demonstrators as she attempted to leave.

Two teenagers were arrested at the scene. One was released without charge while
the other was charged with public order offences.

Mounting protests - including the taking to the streets by 150,000 people around
the country earlier this month - reflect widespread anger at the latest
austerity measure imposed on Irish citizens.

Full details of water charges changes

                     New capped annual charges:

Cost to single adult households will be (EURO)60 and for other households it
will be no more than (EURO)160.

There will be specific legislative provision to allow for capped charges to
continue to be set from 2019 onwards.

(EURO)100 grant:

All eligible households will receive a Water Conservation Grant of (EURO)100 per
year; This means that the net cost to single adult households will be (EURO)60;
For other households it will be no more than (EURO)160.

Pay half if only getting water in or out:

Households with either a water supply only or sewage only service will pay 50pc
of the new rates;

Metered usage:

Metered usage can bring charges below the relevant cap. The children's allowance
remains at 21,000 litres per annum and will apply to all persons resident in a
property aged under 18 irrespective of whether the child qualifies for Child
Benefit, meaning children will continue to go free;

Metered Bills:

For metered bills, the charge for water in/out is reduced to (EURO)3.70 per
1,000 litres - almost 25% lower than the previous subsidised rate;

Self-declaration:

The system is based on self-declaration and appropriate audit.

PPS numbers:

PPS Numbers will not be required for registration.

Billing starts:

The starting date for domestic water charging is being pushed back to 1 January
2015, with first bills to issue from April 2015;

Unfit water:

In cases where water is unfit for human consumption, the affected customers will
receive a 100% discount on the costs of their drinking water supply for the
duration of the restriction. Therefore, customers will only be required to pay
for the sewage treatment.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2014 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              386 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                             March 19, 2017 Sunday

SECTION: IL OPINION; Pg. P23

LENGTH: 1100 words


Robust foreign assistance needs to be priority in budget

In light of President Donald Trump's proposed budget plans to cut 37 percent of
funding for U.S. foreign assistance, it's no surprise that those of us who work
with CARE, a leading global poverty-fighting organization, are concerned not
only by the harm this budget would do, but also by the gross misperception of
how much the country actually spends abroad and what these programs mean for
America.

Most Americans think we spend 10, 20 or even 30 percent of the total U.S. budget
on foreign assistance. They're wrong. It's only 1 percent, which covers some of
America's most effective national security programs like supporting and
protecting our embassies, responding to emergencies and assisting in development
that helps poor countries become self-sufficient. That's a lot of life-saving,
goodwill-creating, stability-generating power for such a small portion of our
budget.

American-sponsored efforts are making progress in the poorest communities, which
are also among the most politically unstable places. Our modest investments in
education, health care, sanitation and financial services enable people in
impoverished countries to become independent, survive after emergencies and
rebuild their communities. These programs also bring security, prosperity and
opportunities to parts of the world where they're needed most. Foreign
assistance is among the best investments our government can make.

We need to tell Congress that to demonstrate American greatness, a robust
foreign assistance budget must be a top priority. I urge U.S. Rep. Darin LaHood
and U.S. Sens. Tammy Duckworth and Dick Durbin to support and defend the foreign
assistance budget.

Katie Brunk

Jacksonville

Rural areas deserve clean water

Rural America is being "trumped" by Donald Trump's proposed federal budget that
slashes over 25 percent from the U.S. Department of Agriculture and eliminates
the Water and Waste Disposal loan and grant program that provides funding for
clean drinking water, sanitary sewage disposal, and storm-water drainage
programs in rural areas.

I have worked with two rural areas of Sangamon and Christian counties (Round
Prairie Water Cooperative and Sharpsburg and Neighboring Area Water System) to
get clean water utility service to homes and businesses so families no longer
have to rely on contaminated well water and/or hauling water. These areas relied
on USDA's Water Loan and Grant Program that is on the chopping block. This
low-interest loan and grant program is the only way to get affordable and safe
water to our rural neighbors.

Private lenders likely won't touch it, and if they are willing to consider it,
the interest rate offered makes the cost of water to the average household
unaffordable. Without the government providing this alternative, which requires
years of work by a local volunteer group that signs up customers, gets easements
donated, and works with professionals to design, bid, and construct the utility
system, there would be no way of getting rural utility services built.

Clean water should not be denied to our rural neighbors just because they live
in the country.

Many say that the Trump budget is dead on arrival to the Capitol. I pray that it
is, but it only will be if our local U.S. Congressmen stand up for our rural
communities instead of taking them for granted.

Tony DelGiorno

Sangamon County Board Member

Regular order lacking in Illinois budget impasse

Appropriate regular order in Illinois' state government budget preparation,
approval and implementation process is constitutionally mandated; required by
law; a sound management principle; and prerequisite to sustaining responsible,
responsive, economical, efficient and effective government, inclusive public
informed consent, and taxpayer intraperiod and interperiod equity.

In the absence of such order, inadequate public scrutiny and understanding of
the objectives, details, nuances, and implications of planned and actual
financing and spending activities can result in unfortunate judgments and
imprudent decisions even by leaders having the best of intentions.

Two of the most harmful consequences of our present variance from appropriate
budget process regular order are:

1. Failures of some particularly influential stakeholders to appreciate the
public interest mission critical importance of firmly insisting upon actuarially
determined level percentage of payroll annual employer contributions to public
employee defined benefit pension plans; and

2. Unfortunate tendencies to misinterpret actuarial measures of unfunded pension
obligations and/or report them in per capita terms creating potentials for
misleading inferences and undue alarm about the sustainability of such plans and
with respect to government's financial viability and service delivery capacity
sufficiency.

Gov. Bruce Rauner has to commit to regular order, and the rest of us have to
reciprocate by committing to a more appropriately public interest inclusive and
responsive regular order than we were maintaining before the present gridlock.

Dick Haas

Pontiac

Oppose the American Health Care Act

With the GOP's American Health Care Act pushed through House committees there
are worse days ahead for my future as an older American.

For those of us, like me at age 59, hoping to retire with dignity, this
legislation is concerning. Medicare and Medicaid have been critical programs for
more than a generation. This new plan threatens these lifelines for older
Americans as it allows insurance companies to charge people over 60 up to five
times more than they charge others for the same coverage.

The GOP plan also reduces tax credits that help pay for coverage and no longer
accounts for income, so older Americans with lower incomes would be doubly
burdened. I am considered self-employed and buy on the marketplace; the new plan
means I will pay more out-of-pocket costs and face exorbitant premiums.

I lacked health care coverage for 20 years for a pre-existing condition, and
paid out-of-pocket for any care related to it. I didn't have major costs; others
are not so lucky. Once the ACA allowed me to buy on the marketplace, I was able
to see a doctor.

The new proposal will be devastating for those my age who can't afford to buy
insurance on the marketplace and are not old enough for Medicare. It will result
in drastic cuts in Medicaid funding, shifting costs to the states and putting
our care at risk.

U.S. Rep. Davis, please listen to the AARP, the AMA and people like me who
oppose the American Health Care Act.

Don Hanrahan

Pleasant Plains

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              387 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                             July 28, 2016 Thursday

What are the risks, who is affected and who is going to pay?

BYLINE: Olivia Kelly

SECTION: IRELAND; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 450 words


Why is there lead in the water? The water produced at the State's 900-odd
treatment plants is lead-free, as is the water mains network which carries it.
However, for many years lead was used in "service connections", the pipes
running from the public mains to houses, and routinely used in the plumbing of
homes up to the mid-1970s. The lead in these pipes can leach out into the water.

How many homes are affected? Irish Water estimates that about 180,000 homes are
affected, but only those built before 1980. From the mid-1970s on, the risks
associated with lead became widely accepted and its use in pipes ended. What are
the risks? The HSE and the EPA say that no level of lead in drinking water is
now considered to be completely safe. Consumption of lead can affect brain
development, with young children, infants and babies in the womb most at risk.
Lead may also harm kidneys, may contribute to high blood pressure and has been
linked to cancer, according to the State agencies. What is the plan to fix it?
The ultimate solution is to replace the lead pipes. Irish water is to spend EUR
370 million over the next decade replacing lead pipes on the public water
supply, and where houses have shared backyard service connections it will also
replace these. However, it will not replace pipes under front gardens or in
houses.

So homeowners have to foot the bill? Yes. Depending on how much lead plumbing is
on the property the homeowner could face a bill of up to EUR 5,000, or more if
it is a very large house.

There is State assistance for this bill in the form of a grant. Households with
an income of EUR 50,000 or under will be entitled to a grant of up to EUR 4,000,
while those with an income between EUR 50,000 and EUR 75,000 will be entitled to
receive a grant of EUR 2,500. Households should apply to their local authority.
Ten years is a long time. Will people be drinking lead-laced water until then?
As an interim measure Irish Water is proposing to dose the water supply with a
chemical called orthophosphate, which forms a protective film around the inside
of the pipe providing a barrier between water and the lead.

Is adding more chemicals to the water supply a good idea? That is something
likely to be thrashed out during the public consultation on Irish Water's
lead-mitigation plans. Orthophosphate is described by Irish Water as a "food
grade product and is a clear, odourless liquid which is very common in the
beverage industry". The HSE says there are no public health implications for its
use. However, Ireland does have a problem with too much phosphate in rivers and
lakes which can be environmentally damaging, so sewage may have to be treated to
remove orthophosphate.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              388 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                              May 02, 2011 Monday
                                   E1 Edition

Workers must vote, says Cosatu;
The ANC is the party of choice in the local government elections, and workers
must hold it to account, writes Cosatu general secretary Zwelinzima Vavi

SECTION: Pg. 11

LENGTH: 1433 words


Every year on May 1, workers around the world celebrate their victories,
remember their fallen heroes and recommit themselves to the fight for a better
life.

May Day is when we remind the world that the workers' labour is the wheel around
which our world revolves.

It commemorates the historic struggles of working people, and is recognised in
every country except, ironically, the US and Canada, the countries where it all
started - in the fight for an eight-hour working day - in the 1880s.

In our country, workers fought for many years for recognition of May Day as a
special holiday. The first celebrations were in 1904. In 1986, the
five-month-old Cosatu organised one of the biggest-ever stayaways to demand
recognition of May Day as a paid public holiday.

PW Botha responded by declaring the first Friday in May as Worker's Day, a paid
public day. Cosatu announced that it would stop work on both the first Friday
and the real May Day. The apartheid regime backed down and in 1987 recognised
May 1 as a public holiday. Today it is one of the 12 public holidays that we
celebrate.

It is important, too, that as we mark May Day, we also take stock of the strides
that workers have made under the democratic government, more so this year as we
are celebrating May Day on the eve of the May 18 local government elections.

The central message that we want to communicate is that, under the ANC
government, the lives of thousands of South Africans have been improved.

l We have one of the world's most democratic constitutions, a bill of rights,
and a constitutional court.

l More than 2.5 million houses have been built for the poor, giving shelter to
more than 10 million people.

l Six million households have gained access to clean water since 1994 and
electricity has been connected to nearly five million homes.

l In 1994, only 62 percent of households had access to clean drinking water -
today 93 percent do.

l in 1994, only 50 percent of households had access to decent sanitation - today
77 percent do.

l In 1994, only 36 percent had access to electricity - today 84 percent do.

l By 2010, 14.5 million people were receiving social grants. Of those, 9.5
million are children younger than 14 (compared with 2.4 million in 1996).

l This year the child support grant will be extended to children aged less than
18 - an additional two million children.

l There has been a gradual and progressive reduction of the pension age for men
from 65 to 60.

l The number of people on anti-retrovirals has increased, and a campaign was
launched to treat 15 million by June and to urge workers to get tested.

These achievements are as much a product of a progressive government as they are
a product of a relentless working class struggle. However, the struggle for
workers did not end on April 27, 1994.

Contrary to the message spread by those who seek to pacify the working class in
this country, major struggles lie ahead for us. Yes, we have made major gains in
winning political and certain socio-economic rights, but in the absence of a
viable economic system that can reward those who produce the wealth of this
country, workers still need to mobilise on May Day and beyond and increase the
tempo of the struggle for a just and equitable society.

It is illogical to speak of the right to food when a minority of white South
Africans have a monopoly over land ownership in our country.

l We cannot speak of freedom of movement when fuel and transport costs rise
higher than the working class wage.

l We cannot speak of the right to health care when only a rich minority benefit
from a state-of-the-art health system while many of us languish in the public
health care system with long queues, shortage of equipment and supplies and
filthy wards.

l We cannot speak of the right to life when so many mothers die while giving
birth and so many children die at the hands of our public health system.

l We cannot speak of the right to education when many black working class
children learn in an unsafe, filthy and dilapidated environment.

l Indeed, we cannot speak of the freedom of association when many farm workers
are denied the right to vote by their racist white bosses.

Despite the inroads made by the ANC government in providing millions of South
Africans with decent housing, millions of families still live in shacks.

The apartheid spatial environment is still untransformed and low-income houses
are still built on the periphery of cities and far away from our factories.

The poor are subjected to an inefficient and unsafe public transport system that
also robs millions of us of the quality time to spend with our families or on
recreational activities. The rich in this country have all the time to play golf
and take overseas holidays, while workers are confined to the factories and
toiling the earth with virtually no time to read and build their consciousness.
Basic services continue to be commodified and citizens have become clients of
the neo-liberal state.

This is why we should not be surprised when communities take to the streets to
demand better services.

The horrific murder of Andries Tatane in Ficksburg starkly revealed the ruthless
way in which poor communities are repressed when they march for better services.
It is a grim reminder of the link between police brutality in Chicago in 1886
and in Ficksburg this year.

This May Day must revive our call for a new development trajectory in which the
state drives development and directly provides basic goods and services as
opposed to outsourcing everything to the "invisible" hand of the market.

It must also be dedicated towards challenging those who seek to tear the moral
fibre of our society through corrupt activities and a quest for self-enrichment
- whether they are in the private sector, public service or the revolutionary
movement.

One of the biggest challenges that we face as workers today is the rise of what
has been termed the working poor through casualisation of labour and other forms
of atypical employment.

More and more companies are pondering different options to casualise workers,
lower their living standards and contribute to the crisis levels of
unemployment.

Workers and their families are constantly being relegated to poverty and
hopelessness.

All of this happens while the likes of the DA and right-wing opinion-makers
suggest that our laws are too rigid and that our labour regime prohibits
employment creation. They say this because many companies simply want to erode
our rights to bargain collectively as workers and instead pay workers the
so-called "market" rate of wages - a strategy aimed to weaken labour's position.

A typical example of this is the KZN United Clothing and Textile Association
that is refusing to pay workers even the reduced amount of 70 percent of the
wages negotiated at the national Bargaining Council for the Clothing Industry.

It is threatening to move production to neighbouring countries where they can
exploit workers even more ruthlessly.

Thanks to neo-liberal economic policies, we are sitting with an unemployment
rate of 36.6 percent, when using the more realistic expanded definition.

Creating jobs, eradicating poverty and reducing inequality obviously have to be
the top priority for the government, business and labour.

It is encouraging that the government has taken steps to stimulate our economy
and make it more responsive to the job creation mandate by, among others,
beefing up our manufacturing sector through the New Growth Path. Our greatest
concern, however, is that the conservative macro-economic framework - based on
inflation-targeting, a strong rand and high real interest rates - contradicts
the grand aims of creating jobs in this country.

We cannot rely on the private sector and market forces to drive economic growth,
in the hope that the wealth thus created will trickle down to workers and the
poor. Even developed countries are abandoning this pro-market approach and
taking drastic action to try to discipline the private sector, particularly the
banks.

The basic call on this May Day is for workers to vote ANC in the local
government elections and hold this people's movement to account on the Freedom
Charter and ensure that it never betrays its working class bias. Despite the
anger and frustration that has engulfed many of our poor communities, we cannot
afford to boycott elections or simply vote for pro-business and anti-worker
parties like the DA.

On this May Day, workers must be resolved and say that "no more shall we allow
capitalists to use one of us against another and no more shall we be divided and
defocused from championing our class interests".

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              389 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 24, 2016 Saturday

Ohio: Ottawa County Receives Funding from Ohio EPA to Help Homeowners with
Failing Septic Systems

LENGTH: 473  words

DATELINE: New York



 Columbus: Ohio Environmental Protection Agency has issued the following news
release:



  Ohio EPA awarded a $300,000 principal forgiveness loan to Ottawa County to
help qualifying homeowners address failing septic systems. This funding is
offered through Ohio EPA's Home Sewage Treatment Systems (HSTS)
Repair/Replacement Program for 2016.





 This state initiative, which is part of Ohio's Water Pollution Control Loan
Fund (WPCLF), will improve the quality of life for low-income local residents by
eliminating failing home sewage treatment systems at an affordable cost. In
addition to correcting potential health concerns, local water quality will
benefit from the improvements. And, where failing home septic systems in the
Lake Erie basin are targeted, nutrient and bacteria runoff into the lake should
be reduced.



 Homeowners will be eligible to receive 100 percent, 85 percent or a 50 percent
share in principal forgiveness for the cost to repair or replace their failing
home septic treatment systems through the Water Pollution Control Loan Fund
(WPCLF). The percentage is dependent on family household income levels. This
project will allow the repair or replacement of failing household septic
treatment systems at an affordable cost, addressing potential health concerns
and local water quality problems by eliminating much of the sewage discharged
into area streams. Created in 1989, the WPCLF provides below-market interest
rate loans for communities to improve their wastewater treatment systems.



 In addition to improvements to publicly owned treatment works, WPCLF loans have
been provided for agricultural best management practices, home sewage system
improvements, landfill closures, and water quality based storm water projects.
The WPCLF provides technical assistance to public wastewater systems in a
variety of areas from the planning, design and construction of improvements to
enhancing the technical, managerial and financial capacity of these systems.
WPCLF loans also make possible the restoration and protection of some of Ohio's
highest quality water bodies through the fund's Water Resource Restoration
Sponsor Program.



 Ohio EPA's revolving loan funds are partially supported by federal grants and
designed to last indefinitely through repayment of loans and investments in
bonds. The loan program is managed by Ohio EPA's Division of Environmental and
Financial Assistance, with help from the Ohio Water Development Authority. Ohio
EPA is responsible for program development and implementation, individual
project coordination, and environmental and other technical reviews/approvals of
projects seeking funds. The Ohio Water Development Authority provides financial
management of the fund.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              390 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Kerryman (Ireland)

                                February 4, 2015
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Irish Water says we're signing up

BYLINE: DÓNAL NOLAN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 322 words


HOMEOWNERS in Kerry appear to be signing up to Irish Water in line with the
national rates of registration, Irish Water has said.

As of Monday night, 880, 750 of the company's estimated 1.5 million custom base
had registered their properties with Irish Water.

However, this figure also includes a total of 35,000 application forms submitted
without information as homeowners registered their opposition to the system
instead.

As of Tuesday morning, it appeared the people of Kerry were no more or no less
compliant that counterparts elsewhere across the country.

"We are still processing application forms so we are not yet able to give a
comprehensive breakdown, but it does appear the rate of registration from Kerry
customers is similar to the rest of the country at this point," Irish Water
Press Officer Antoinette Tyrrell told The Kerryman.

News of the Kerry sign-up comes despite a weekend of protests here that saw
hundreds taking to the streets of Tralee and Listowel making their anger heard.

Those who accept the new company but have not yet registered might yet not have
to pay the higher (EURO)260 rate when bills start going out in April.

"Anyone who failed to register by Monday night is to face the higher, twoadult
household rate of (EURO)260 but if they get their details in immediately this
week they might yet be processed. Single adult households will pay the lower
rate of (EURO)160 in that case," Ms Tyrrell explained.

Customers with private wells but using public sewers will only pay half on the
water-in, water-out basis - provided they have registered, Ms Tyrell added.

Those with private wells and septic tanks also need to register with Irish Water
and will receive the water conservation grant.

Meanwhile, those who missed the deadline will still qualify for the (EURO)100
grant. "Missing the deadline does not affect the grant payment, but that's a
matter for the Department of Social Protection," Ms Tyrrell said.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KMN


             Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              391 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                            February 3, 2004 Tuesday

Normal's sewer bills set to rise

BYLINE: Mary Ann Ford

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 367 words


NORMAL -- Sewer bills will be going up in April.

The increase -- from 89 cents per 1,000 gallons of water to 98 cents per 1,000
gallons -- will mean residents who use about 24,000 gallons of water in two
months will pay $2.16 more in sewer costs.

Sewer rates are based on the amount of water that is used in a household. Bills
are sent bi-monthly. The town's budget includes a sewer rate increase every
three years to help keep up with inflation.

However, this increase falls on the heels of a 15.5 percent sewer increase
approved by the council in April 2003 to pay off revenue bonds the town plans to
issue for downtown storm and sanitary sewer improvements. That work could begin
in the fall.

The new sewer rate will not affect the $2 minimum bill.

Block grant plans OK'd

In another matter, the city council on Monday also approved plans for the town's
community development block grant money.

Community Development Director Steve Westerdahl expects to receive $486,000 from
the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. The town also has $130,501
left over from previous years and from program income for a total of $616,501.

The money must be used primarily to benefit those of low- and moderate-income.

The bulk of the money -- $250,000 -- will go for downtown loan and grant
programs, including one for businesses who make jobs available to people whose
income is below 80 percent of the area's median income.

According to the 2000 Census, the median household income in McLean County was
$47,021.

Other plans for the grant money includes $150,000 for street resurfacing;
$30,000 for the town's down-payment assistance program; $35,000 to help
Heartland Community College students cover child-care costs; $15,000 to pay two
Occupational Development Center clients to clean up downtown; $14,400 for a
year's rent for the Orlando Unity Center; and $3,000 to the McLean County Health
Department's dental program, which provides emergency pain relief for qualifying
patients.

Administration costs account for $119,101 and include $15,000 toward the salary
of the Community Advocacy Network coordinator, and $15,000 to help fund a
countywide need assessment and the town's 2005 consolidated plan.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The Pantagraph


                              392 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Baker City Herald, Ore.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 4, 2015 Wednesday

EDITORIAL: Botching block grants

BYLINE: Baker City Herald, Ore.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 469 words


Feb. 04--We understand why Haines City Recorder Valerie Russell was surprised to
learn that the Baker County town, in the span of a single year, had become
rather affluent.

Haines had not, in fact, done anything of the sort.

We'd rather report otherwise, but the reality is that Haines, population 416,
along with much of the rest of Baker County and indeed rural Oregon, has been
slow to recover from the Great Recession.

Yet the federal government, through its American Community Survey, concluded
that the percentage of Haines' 136 households that earn low or moderate incomes
had declined from 55.5 percent in 2013, to 39.7 percent in 2014.

Russell, who has a more intimate knowledge of her town's economy -- she
processes residents' water and sewer bills, among other things -- knew the feds'
statistics couldn't be accurate.

Indeed it turns out that the American Community Survey's figure of 39.7 percent
was based on a relatively small sample size.

The situation might be a harmless example of bureaucratic bungling except that
the percentage of low and moderate income households determines whether a town
is eligible to apply for federal Community Development Block Grants.

Those are vital sources of money for small towns such as Haines that could never
afford multimillion-dollar infrastructure jobs.

But because the feds' latest figures showed Haines' percentage of low and
moderate income households had dropped below the eligibility threshold of 51
percent, the city technically can't apply.

(Not coincidentally, the same flawed survey methodology has made much larger
cities with considerably greater financial resources, including Corvallis and
Bend, eligible for the same kinds of Block Grants that Haines officials hope to
apply for.

This is a pressing matter because the state has mandated that Haines upgrade its
water system. The total cost, which includes a well, storage tank and other
work, likely will run about $5 million, Russell said.

Fortunately the feds have agreed to allow Haines and other affected towns --
seven others in the region, including Richland and North Powder, also became
ineligible for Block Grants last year based on income surveys -- to do their own
comprehensive study.

Russell said she's confident that that survey will show Haines does qualify for
grants.

We hope neither Haines nor any other city that was deemed ineligible based on
seemingly shoddy statistics has to postpone a big project.

And if that does happen, whatever agency that requires the work -- whether
federal or, as in Haines' case, the state -- should recognize that the city
isn't at fault and deserves extra time, if necessary, to comply.

___ (c)2015 the Baker City Herald (Baker City, Ore.) Visit the Baker City Herald
(Baker City, Ore.) at www.bakercityherald.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150204-1BC-EDITORIAL-Botching-block-grants-0204-20150204

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1BC


                        Copyright 2015 Baker City Herald


                              393 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 12, 2013 Saturday

Manchin, Rahall Announce Funding for Summers County Wastewater Infrastructure

LENGTH: 325  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Joe Manchin, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senator Joe Manchin and Rep. Nick Rahall (both D-W.Va.), Monday announced
Federal funding for the Meadow Creek Public Service District (PSD) Wastewater
System extension project.

"This funding for the Meadow Creek project will not only extend water and
wastewater services to current residents and businesses, it also will help to
put into place the necessary water infrastructure for the area's tourism
industry and future economic development, helping to bring new revenues and jobs
to Summers County.  Tapping into the resources of the Appalachian Regional
Commission, which my Committee oversees, has helped to fund needed water and
wastewater projects throughout Southern West Virginia, bringing cleaner, safer
water to families and businesses all across the region," said Rahall.

"Investing in infrastructure projects that make sure our communities are
connected to basic necessitates of life, like water, are critical for the
continued wellbeing of our great state," Manchin said. "Not only do all West
Virginians deserve access to clean and safe water, but this project will also
help boost the local economy, protect tourism activities in the region and
prepare for future success in southern West Virginia."

The Appalachian Regional Commission (ARC), prior to the government shutdown on
October 1, approved the $1.58 million grant to the Summers County Commission for
the Meadow Creek Public Service District (PSD) project, which will serve 84
households, a church, a post office, and the National Park Service Meadow Creek
campground.  The project will extend sewer service to 25 households currently
not served.

The ARC funds will be used to leverage $215,000 in other Federal and state
funds, as well as nearly $651,000 from local sources, bringing total project
funding to $2,444,000.

For further information please visit: http://www.manchin.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              394 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     August 3, 2000, Thursday, Home Edition

In Douglas County, wells run out;
 Tapping into the water system could prove costly to residents.;
 Dry2k: The drought in Georgia

BYLINE: Clint Williams, Staff

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: Metro News; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 669 words

Atop the list of daily chores for the Burdett family is hauling water.

"I feel like I'm living in the 1800s," Pam Burdett laments since the family well
went dry.

Down the road, Ricky Varnum never knows if he'll be able to take a shower.

"One night," Varnum said, "I had just enough water dribble out to brush my
teeth."

Burdett and Varnum live on the same twisting country road in western Douglas
County. Both rely on private wells for household water. More than two dozen
wells along High Point Road and other parts of Douglas --- many of them reliable
water sources for decades --- are failing as the nearly two-year drought drags
on.

There are similar situations scattered across Georgia. Dozens of Walton County
homeowners have applied for emergency hookups to the county system this summer.
The Georgia Emergency Management Agency recently shipped bottled water to Jasper
County where at least 24 private wells have gone dry. The Georgia Department of
Community Affairs has distributed nearly $ 630,000 in grants since June to
provide relief to communities where wells have failed.

At least 300 private wells have failed in 10 southwest Georgia counties --- more
than 90 in Grady County alone. The grants will allow local governments to repair
or redrill wells or hook homeowners to a municipal water system, said Chantal
Matthews, spokeswoman for the Department of Community Affairs.

"In some cases, it's just a matter of drilling deep enough," Matthews said,
explaining that the water table in some spots has dropped below the reach of
many private wells.

While some Douglas County homeowners have adjusted to the drought by drilling
new wells or tapping into the county water system, others don't have those
options because of the cost of drilling or because the county's water lines
don't reach them.

Burdett gets her water from a trailer-mounted water tank parked at the end of
the driveway that is refilled about every other day by the Douglas County
Emergency Management Agency.

The Burdetts use the water from the tank primarily for flushing toilets.

"There is a bucket in every bathroom," Burdett said.

Bottled water is used for drinking and brushing teeth. Showers mean daily 6-
mile trips to Pam's parents' house. Meals are served on paper plates with
plastic utensils.

"It's going to be really hard when school starts (on Aug. 14)," said Burdett,
whose household includes two 5-year-olds.

Things are not quite as bad at the Varnum household.

"You just don't use any more water than you have to," said Varnum, who now takes
"Navy showers," during which he quickly gets wet, shuts the water off, lathers
up and then quickly rinses.

Not all wells are the same, said James Mayer, a hydrogeologist and assistant
professor at the State University of West Georgia in Carrollton.

A bored well is typically less than 100 feet deep and stops at bedrock. These
relatively shallow wells collect water that trickles down through the soil from
recent rains, and they are most vulnerable to drought, Mayer said.

A drilled well goes deep into the bedrock, usually 200 to 400 feet, and draws
water from a network of cracks in the rock.

"When you pump that well," Mayer said, "you're pumping water that fell on the
ground 10, 20, 50, 100 years ago."

It is rare, Mayer said, for drought to cause a drilled well to fail.

High Point Road is well beyond the reach of the county water system so the only
remedy available to Burdett and Varnum is to spend $ 6,000 or more to drill
another well.

That is what David Worsham did after his spring went dry. "I used that spring
for about 39 years," said Worsham, 73, who now gets his water from a 305-foot
well drilled in May.

The 100-foot well of Donald McBroom, who lives near Worsham on Douglas Hill
Road, began failing late last fall after nearly 40 years of use. He said he
spent $ 1,450 to connect to the county water system.

"When you get out of water, you don't have a problem," McBroom said, "you have a
crisis."

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
What are you going to do when the well runs dry? The answer for Pam Burdett and
daughter Brooke, who live on High Point Road in Douglas County, is tote water
from a portable tank set up to serve her and her neighbors. Like a growing
number of Georgians, they've lost their private wells to drought. / BEN GRAY /
Staff
Graphic
WATERING BANS
Georgia weather forecasters and state environmental officials say this is the
worst two-year drought since record keeping began in 1895. Government officials
hope the restrictions below will prevent the necessity of more drastic measures
in the future.

24 hours
CARROLL
Weekdays; outdoor watering permitted on weekends only, from midnight to 8 a.m.,
even-numbered addresses on Saturdays and odd-numbered addresses on Sundays.
COWETA
5 a.m. to 10 p.m.; odd- numbered addresses water on odd days, and even-numbered
addresses water on even days.
CLAYTON
FORSYTH
FULTON (outside Atlanta city limits)
NEWTON
 10 a.m. to 10 p.m.; odd-numbered addresses water on odd days, and even-
numbered addresses water on even days.
ATLANTA... FAYETTE
BARTOW..... GWINNETT
CHEROKEE....HALL
COBB........HENRY
DEKALB......PAULDING
DOUGLAS. ... ROCKDALE

10 a.m. to midnight; odd/even restrictions
WALTON

Sources: Individual counties, municipal governments
/ Staff

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              395 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Asia News Network (ANN)

                             May 19, 2016 Thursday

'Green' water treatment system planned for Vientiane

BYLINE: News Desk

LENGTH: 437  words


A new water treatment station based on natural processes will be built in Nahay
village, Xaysettha district, Vientiane, using innovative methods pioneered in
France.

The treatment of dirty water using 'green' processes will not harm the
environment or local communities, while the dregs that remain will be used as
organic fertiliser.

The system uses reeds to cleanse the dirty water discharged by households and is
the first project of its kind in Laos. Previous projects have proved successful
in other countries, notably France.

Vientiane authorities have authorised the Vientiane Urban Development and
Administration Authority (VUDAA) as the project manager, while the Souliyavong
Construction Company will be the contractor to build the treatment system.

A signing ceremony for the project took place in Vientiane on Tuesday, with the
contract inked by VUDAA Vice President Khampiane Inthaluxa and the director of
Souliyavong Construction Company Soukanh Philavanh.

The project has received a grant from France's Association Internationale des
Maires Francophones worth more than 578,000 euros (US$654,383).

Khampiane said construction of the treatment plant would start after the signing
ceremony and would take about eight months to complete.

The plant will be located on a 2.6 hectare site and has four reservoirs for the
treatment of waste from household toilets. The reservoirs will be able to store
100,000 cubic metres of dirty water a year.

The plant will use reeds to distill the dirty water and then the dregs that
remain will be used as organic fertiliser, Khampiane said.

"Over the past year, we have studied the construction of the plant and its
effects on the environment and local communities. We invited a water/environment
engineer from France to be an advisor for the project," he said.

VUDAA hopes to build more treatment plants in rural areas of Vientiane if the
project in Nahay village proves successful. Water Technical Assistance deputy
director Alexandre Bui said this green system of water treatment had been used
in France and many other countries and they would like to try it in Laos.

Bui said the studies they had carried out had shown that the proposed treatment
plant would not have any adverse effects on the environment  or people in the
neighbourhood.

He said they would grow reeds in the reservoirs which would naturally cleanse
the water when they were fully grown.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/659/2075/52/146364196310.jpg

Vice President of VUDAA Mr Khampiane Inthaluxa (right) and Director of
Souliyavong Construction Company Mr Soukanh Philavanh shake hands at the signing
ceremony in Vientiane.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 2075


                       Copyright 2016 Asia News Network.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              396 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                   Bluefield Daily Telegraph (West Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 23, 2013 Friday

EDITORIAL: Finished! Water to flow to 400 in Oakvale area

BYLINE: Bluefield Daily Telegraph, W.Va.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 508 words


Aug. 23--Clean drinking water will finally flow today to another 400 households
in Mercer County as part of the Mercer/Summers Phase IV A and Kellysville I and
II Extension Water Project. That's excellent news for those families who up
until now have had to rely on wells for water.

Many of these wells do not produce water suitable for consumption, and others
were contaminated, according to Pamela Browning, manager of the Oakvale Road
Public Service District. When water samples from the wells were tested, the
examinations revealed e-coli bacteria and coliform bacteria. Both types are
hazardous to human health.

A valve turning ceremony is planned for today at 11 a.m. at the East River
Ruritan Building to mark the completion of the latest phase of the regional
water project. Work on the Mercer/Summers Phase IV A and Kellysville I and II
Extension Water Project started in October 2011. The project had a price tag of
approximately $7.1 million.

The project begins in the Hilltop Drive area near Princeton and extends into the
Poplar Grove area around Goodwin's Chapel Road, the town of Oakvale, a small
section of the Cheesy Creek area, a section of Route 12 down off Oakvale and
through Kellysville.

In all, about 400 customers will be served by the water line extension.

Work on the pipeline started with a design from the West Virginia Bureau of
Public Health, according to information with the Region I Planning & Development
Council. Funding was provided by the Oakvale Road PSD, West Virginia American
Water, a U.S. Army Corps of Engineers grant, a grant from the Governor's
Contingency Fund, an Appalachian Regional Commission grant, and a HUD Small
Cities Block grant. Both the Appalachian Regional and the HUD grants were
administered by the state. There was also a loan from the West Virginia
Infrastructure and Jobs Development Council.

Today's valve turning ceremony doesn't mark the end of the decade-old
Mercer-Summers Regional Water Project.

Funding is now being sought for another water extension project in the
Elgood-Cheesy Creek area. Residents of that area attended the Aug. 13 meeting of
the Mercer County Commission to ask for help finding the money needed for the
work. The project, which is Phase B, is separate from the project opening today,
according to Browning.

Region I estimates the Elgood-Cheesy Creek project would serve up to 162
households.

Today, we celebrate the completion of the Mercer/Summers Phase IV A and
Kellysville I and II Extension Water Project. The long-awaited flow of clean and
safe drinking water to these communities in need is worthy of rejoicing.

But we also look forward to the continuation of this regional water project, and
the pursuit of additional funding to finance phase B, to assist families living
in the Elgood and Cheesy Creek communities who are still in need of a reliable
source of clean and safe drinking water.

___ (c)2013 the Bluefield Daily Telegraph (Bluefield, W.Va.) Visit the Bluefield
Daily Telegraph (Bluefield, W.Va.) at bdtonline.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130823-WF-EDITORIAL-Finished-Water
-to-flow-to-400-in-Oakvale-area-0823-20130823

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WF


                    Copyright 2013 Bluefield Daily Telegraph


                              397 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Express

                                January 22, 2003

MONEY; CLEAN UP YOUR ENERGY BILLS THE 'GREEN' WAY

BYLINE: By Gwyn Jones

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 366 words


WOULD you like to halve your water heating bills while helping the environment?
The Government's Clear Skies initiative aims to do just that, offering
householders and communities a share of GBP 10million in grants to install
renewable energy sources.

Several green energy options are eligible but the easiest way for most
households to benefit on the water front would be to install solar roof panels.
The equipment and installation of such a system costs about GBP 2,500 for an
average-sized house, rising to GBP 4,000 for larger properties. You can now
apply for a GBP 500 grant towards the cost.

Solar energy's potential use in the UK is much greater than most people realise.
Even in the spring and autumn and on clear winter days houses can receive useful
amounts of power. Over 12 months a solar roof panel system can generate 30 to 70
per cent of the average home's hot water needs, a minimum saving of GBP 200 a
year.

Clear Skies will consider almost any valid green energy ideas, including
wood-fuel boilers or forms of wind or water power. To obtain a grant, the
equipment must be recognised by the Department of Trade & Industry and installed
by an accredited operator. Grants are only for buildings but really keen
environmentalists can apply for up to two per household.

The initiative is also aimed at local communities. Group projects are eligible
for grants of up to GBP 100,000. So a school could apply for help with the
installation of a wind turbine, for example.

Energy experts believe renewable sources will have to be used to generate much
more of our power as traditional fuel costs are rising as fossil fuels run out.
So these grants are a way for homeowners to get ahead of the game. Most houses
will not need planning permission for solar panels and the work should not take
more than a couple of days.

The Clear Skies scheme covers only England and Wales but the Scottish Executive
is putting GBP 3.7million into a similar project north of the border.

Clear-Skies: 0870-2430 930, or www. clear-skies. org; the Solar Trade
Association 01908 422900, or www. solartradeassociation. org. uk; the Energy
Efficiency Advice Centre 0800 512012.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2003 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS


                              398 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                               December 23, 2003

Council Flats Benefit From Solar Heating

BYLINE: Claire Stewart

SECTION: News; Housing; Council; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 358 words


Council houses in Angus are going green thanks to a solar heating initiative.
Three blocks of flats in Arbroath have now had solar water heating systems
installed in them which will see the resident's electricity bills reduced by
50%.

The Scottish Executive came up with £62,680 for the scheme, with Angus Council
coming up with the remaining £36,000.

Deputy enterprise minister Lewis Macdonald saw the new solar systems in action
for himself yesterday at resident Alison Gallagher's Newton Crescent home.

Mr Macdonald urged Scottish householders to save money on their energy bills by
taking advantage of home renewable energy grants.

Executive funding of £2.3million is still available under the Scottish community
and householder renewables initiative.

Mr Macdonald said: "Renewable energy is not just about large-scale schemes - it
can form part of people's everyday lives.

"More money tends to be spent on energy bills at this time of year - these SCHRI
grants can help households make savings.

"There has already been great interest in this scheme throughout Scotland. The
remaining £2.3million funding means that many more households and community
groups can benefit from this initiative." Angus Council Housing convener, Frank
Ellis, said: "Angus Council is keen to develop the use of renewable energy
sources.

"The installation of solar water heating in the council's housing stock
demonstrates this and will also help us reach the targets set for the reduction
of carbon dioxide emissions, increased energy efficiency and the alleviation of
fuel poverty.

"We are monitoring this pilot project in Arbroath to measure the effectiveness
of the solar-powered system and work out the level of savings being made. "
SCHRI funding can be used by householders and community groups to install
small-scale renewable energy schemes, such as hydro, wind, solar water, heat
pumps and solar power.

Households can get 30% of the capital costs of installing the system, up to a
maximum of £4,000. Community groups are eligible for capital grants of up to
£100,000, and up to £10,000 funding for a feasibility study.


LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2003 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                              399 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 11, 2016 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Quarterly Report (October 1, 2013-December 31, 2014)
Pages 70139 - 70171 [FR DOC # 2016-24512]

LENGTH: 21525  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 MILLENNIUM CHALLENGE CORPORATION [MCC FR 16-07] Notice of Quarterly Report
(October 1, 2013--December 31, 2014) AGENCY: Millennium Challenge Corporation.
ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Millennium Challenge Corporation (MCC) is reporting for the fiscal year (FY)
quarters October 1, 2013 to December 31, 2014, on assistance provided under
section 605 of the Millennium Challenge Act of 2003 (22 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.), as
amended (the Act), and on transfers or allocations of funds to other federal
agencies under section 619(b) of the Act. The following report will be made
available to the public by publication in the Federal Register and on the
Internet Web site of the MCC (www.mcc.gov) in accordance with section 612(b) of
the Act.

Dated: October 5, 2016. Sarah E. Fandell, VP/General Counsel and Corporate
Secretary, Millennium Challenge Corporation. As used in MCC's disclosures under
section 605 of the Act:  ``Total Obligation'' for listed Compacts includes both

 ``Compact Implementation Funding'' under section 609(g) of the Act as

 well as funding under section 605 of the Act.

      ``Disbursements'' are cash outlays rather than

 expenditures.

      ``Measures'' are the same Key Performance Indicators that

 MCC reports each quarter. The Key Performance Indicators may change

 over time to more accurately reflect compact implementation progress.

 The unit for these measures is ``a number of'' unless otherwise

 indicated.

      ``Program Administration and Control'' funds are used to

 pay items such as salaries, rent, and the cost of office equipment, as

 well as audit and oversight agent fees.

      ``Pending Subsequent Reports'' amounts represent

 disbursements made to the Compact permitted account that will be

 allocated to individual projects in subsequent quarters and reported as

 such in subsequent quarterly reports. The ``Cumulative Disbursements''

 amount for ``Pending Subsequent Reports'' represents the balance of

 such outlays remaining at the end of the reporting period.

      Closed Compacts do not have any quarterly disbursements;

 however, they are included in the report if deobligations took place

 during the reporting period. Closed Compacts include: Armenia, Benin I,

 Burkina Faso, Cabo Verde I, El Salvador I, Georgia I, Ghana I,

 Honduras, Lesotho I, Madagascar, Mali, Mongolia I, Morocco I,

 Mozambique, Namibia, Nicaragua, Tanzania and Vanuatu.

      Unless otherwise indicated, all programs and projects were

 solicited.



                                                               605
Assistance--Disbursements

                                                                [In United
States dollars]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                 Total       FY
2014      FY 2014      FY 2014      FY 2014      FY 2015      Cumulative

      Entity provided assistance       Program/project name    obligation
Quarter 1    Quarter 2    Quarter 3    Quarter 4    Quarter 1   disbursements

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Burkina Faso.......................  Agriculture Project...  141,510,059
11,393,735    9,790,338   15,405,386    8,402,118    3,324,525   140,420,941

                                      Bright 2 School          26,840,570
0            0            0            0            0    26,840,570

                                       Project.

                                      Land Tenure Project...   58,434,615
3,975,944    5,654,577    7,801,917    9,865,824    3,447,221    58,244,614

                                      Monitoring and            7,880,000
424,223      242,078       67,134      437,447      191,644     4,669,395

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
-507,539      484,451      453,947     -754,421     -180,104       363,539

                                       Report.

                                      Program Administration   49,758,545
2,404,048    1,718,737    2,052,781    2,175,099    2,480,361    48,345,809

                                       and Control.

                                      Roads Project.........  194,530,681
13,041,011   24,609,125   31,397,256   29,573,406   17,544,857   193,891,857


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Burkina Faso....  478,954,470
30,731,422   42,499,307   57,178,420   49,699,473   26,808,504   472,776,725

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Cabo Verde II......................  Land Management For      17,260,000
615,975      559,468      333,731      490,929      259,147     3,268,991

                                       Investment Projects.

                                      Monitoring and            1,390,000
566       -1,481       10,220       11,150       10,735        36,765

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
69,969      -62,154       22,752      -11,104        6,032        25,495

                                       Report.

                                      Program Administration    7,850,000
258,835      349,255      320,156      343,206      270,631     2,841,607

                                       and Control.

                                      Water, Sanitation and    39,730,000
501,339      200,358      678,551      898,674    1,267,782     4,050,504

                                       Hygiene Project.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Cabo Verde II...   66,230,000
1,446,684    1,045,446    1,365,409    1,732,856    1,814,326    10,223,361

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 El Salvador II.....................  Business Development      3,300,000
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Services.

                                      Human Capital Project.      900,000
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                      Infrastructure Project    1,500,000
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                      Monitoring and              400,000
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Report.

                                      Program Administration    3,900,000
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       and Control.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total El Salvador II..   10,000,000
0            0            0            0            0             0

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Georgia II.........................  Education Project.....   76,500,000
44,290      159,933      140,131        1,294      331,945       677,594

                                      Monitoring and            3,500,000
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
209,055      -77,780      177,616       51,163     -320,798        39,256

                                       Report.

                                      Program Administration   14,000,000
505,624      407,151      334,171      391,417      736,270     2,374,633

                                       and Control.

                                      Tertiary Education       30,000,000
431,731      388,954      199,789    1,463,627    1,532,985     4,017,085

                                       Project.

                                      Vocational Education     16,000,000
0            0            0            0       69,300        69,300

                                       Project.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Georgia II......  140,000,000
1,190,700      878,258      851,707    1,907,501    2,349,702     7,177,868

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Ghana..............................  Administrative........            0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                      Agriculture Project...  188,731,530
-407,393            0      407,393     -180,293            0   188,731,530

                                      Infrastructure Project            0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                      Monitoring and            6,941,811
0            0            0            0            0     6,941,811

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
3,700,000            0   -3,700,000            0            0             0

                                       Report.

                                      Program Administration   36,874,551
0            0            0            1            0    36,874,550

                                       and Control.

                                      Rural Development        76,030,565
0            0            0      127,291            0    76,030,565

                                       Project.



 [[Page 70140]]





                                      Transportation Project  227,710,512
-3,292,608            0    3,292,608       53,000            0   227,710,512


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Ghana...........  536,288,969
0            0            0            0            0   536,288,968

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Ghana II...........................  Access to Electricity       700,000
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Project.

                                      Energy Efficiency and             0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Demand Side

                                       Management Project.

                                      Financial and             7,600,800
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Operational

                                       Turnaround

                                       (Electricity Company

                                       of Ghana 1).

                                      Financial and             3,529,000
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Operational

                                       Turnaround (Northern

                                       Electricity

                                       Distribution Company).

                                      Financial and                     0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Operational

                                       Turnaround

                                       (Electricity Company

                                       of Ghana 2).

                                      Monitoring and            1,510,000
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Report.

                                      Power Generation          4,854,800
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Sector Improvement

                                       Project.

                                      Program Administration    7,455,400
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       and Control.

                                      Regulatory                3,250,000
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Strengthening and

                                       Capacity Building

                                       Project.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Ghana II........   28,900,000
0            0            0            0            0             0

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Indonesia..........................  Community Nutrition     129,500,000
5,335       36,978      181,792      253,944   11,822,595    34,759,317

                                       Project.

                                      Green Prosperity        332,500,000
34,962       62,580       66,609      141,356      777,506     1,182,494

                                       Project.

                                      Monitoring and           12,200,000
0            0            0            0      720,664       720,664

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
317,285     -120,503      377,840     -174,359      256,222       729,754

                                       Report.

                                      Procurement              50,000,000
351,912      341,260      471,128      816,074    1,925,931     4,009,914

                                       Modernization Project.

                                      Program Administration   75,800,000
1,402,143    1,512,095    1,954,049    2,499,064    2,322,534    13,595,118

                                       and Control.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Indonesia.......  600,000,000
2,111,637    1,832,410    3,051,419    3,536,080   17,825,452    54,997,260

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Jordan.............................  Expansion of             97,120,950
15,128,511   11,768,335      940,143    9,282,359    1,248,335    76,116,031

                                       Wastewater Treatment

                                       Capacity.

                                      Monitoring and            2,809,894
21,610       28,847      219,805       21,662       21,675       375,783

                                       Evaluation.

                                       Pending Subsequent               0
-35,119        4,053       -5,097       23,043        3,021        34,447

                                       Report.

                                      Program Administration   19,650,805
386,135      467,561      429,410      490,247      575,135     4,326,590

                                       and Control.

                                      Wastewater Collection.   66,989,225
3,532,261    2,768,093    3,419,241    5,502,460    4,992,258    32,752,377

                                      Water Network            88,529,127
3,669,481    4,160,537    2,180,324    3,954,905    6,103,494    24,484,800

                                       Restructuring and

                                       Rehabilitation.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Jordan..........  275,100,000
22,702,880   19,197,425    7,183,826   19,274,676   12,943,918   138,090,029

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Lesotho............................  Capacity Building.....            0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                      Civil/Legal Sector                0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Support.

                                      Health Sector Project.  143,650,195
15,919,722     -753,987       23,881            0            0   143,650,195

                                      Land Tenure Project...            0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                      Monitoring and            5,500,728
256,974      181,013            0            0            0     5,500,728

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
-199,501            1      -12,942            0            0             0

                                       Report.

                                      Private Sector           24,162,433
1,986,028            0            0            0            0    24,162,433

                                       Development Project.

                                      Procurement and                   0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Administration.

                                      Program Administration   34,918,925
2,188,853      101,302      -10,939            0            0    34,918,925

                                       and Control.

                                      Water Sector Project..  149,813,612
14,004,878           -1            0            0            0   149,813,612


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Lesotho.........  358,045,892
34,156,953     -471,671            0            0            0   358,045,892

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Malawi.............................  Gender Integration                0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Project.

                                      Monitoring and            6,960,100
35,880      143,520            0            0        1,131       186,464

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Natural Resource         28,026,000
213,866       91,018      379,585      300,685       10,819       995,972

                                       Management Project.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
248,392     -180,088      -11,041       45,236       -6,728       250,859

                                       Report.

                                      Power Project.........  255,648,800
572,012      134,447    1,035,243    2,253,940    1,735,978     5,731,621

                                      Power Sector Reform      25,553,400
221,705      249,385      724,681      718,116    1,335,602     3,472,531

                                       Project.

                                      Program Administration   34,511,700
1,027,028    1,383,181    2,356,867    1,627,106    1,629,994     9,346,909

                                       and Control.

                                      Total Malawi..........  350,700,000
2,318,884    1,821,463    4,485,335    4,945,082    4,706,796    19,984,357

 Mali...............................  Alatona Irrigation      252,895,691
0            0            0            0            0    252,895,69

                                       Project.

                                      Bamako-Senou Airport    143,371,915
0            0            0      -31,476            0   143,371,915

                                       Improvement Project.

                                      Industrial Park           2,637,472
0            0            0            0            0     2,637,472

                                       Project.

                                      Monitoring and            1,688,026
0            0            0            0            0     1,688,027

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Report.

                                      Program Administration   35,003,642
0            0            0            0            0    35,003,642

                                       and Control.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Mali............  435,596,747
0            0            0      -31,476            0   435,596,747

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Moldova............................  Monitoring and            3,538,930
213,834       63,212      382,519      220,343       14,623     1,634,272

                                       Evaluation.



 [[Page 70141]]





                                      Pending Subsequent                0
-118,059      199,517      810,446     -293,684     -594,765       134,081

                                       Report.

                                      Program Administration   23,247,668
1,223,387      813,895      832,821      836,381      905,775    13,680,202

                                       and Control.

                                      Road Rehabilitation     112,390,000
20,756,036    2,755,131   11,349,069   14,836,137   21,216,346   101,421,448

                                       Project.

                                      Transition To High      122,823,402
9,798,457    4,753,661   15,362,042   10,226,080   12,254,189    72,924,459

                                       Value Agriculture

                                       Project.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Moldova.........  262,000,000
31,873,654    8,585,415   28,736,897   25,825,256   33,796,167   189,794,463

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Mongolia...........................  Energy and               40,420,819
275,302       14,282       17,246            0            0    40,420,819

                                       Environmental Project.

                                      Health Project........   41,873,775
3,261,083       18,608            0            0            0    41,873,776

                                      Monitoring and            5,085,246
392,984            0            0            0            0     5,085,246

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
-615,790      -57,984            0            0            0             0

                                       Report.

                                      Program Administration   28,610,318
1,328,261      662,064      149,507      -74,754            0    28,610,318

                                       and Control.

                                      Property Rights          28,543,830
318,125       20,212            0            0            0    28,543,830

                                       Project.

                                      Rail Project..........      369,560
0            0            0            0            0       369,560

                                      Roads Project.........   74,775,867
6,147,460        4,236            0            0            0    74,775,867

                                      Vocational Education     49,322,727
111,456       17,530            0            0            0    49,322,727

                                       Project.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Mongolia........  269,002,143
11,218,881      678,948      166,754      -74,754            0   269,002,143

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Morocco............................  Artisan and Fez Medina   84,019,666
15,726,838     -323,055      329,816            0            0    84,019,666

                                       Project.

                                      Enterprise Support       15,126,518
3,211           49            0            0            0    15,126,518

                                       Project.

                                      Financial                         0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Accountability.

                                      Financial Services       42,817,020
1,928,094            0            0            0            0    42,817,020

                                       Project.

                                      Fruit Tree              324,163,440
30,388,407            1            0            0            0   323,369,991

                                       Productivity Project.

                                      Monitoring and           16,255,526
2,789,915            0            0            0            0    16,255,526

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
-1,053,506     -136,770      -46,373            0            0             0

                                       Report.

                                      Program Administration   56,500,517
3,891,292          -18       26,022            0            0    56,500,517

                                       and Control.

                                      Rural Development                 0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Project.

                                      Small-Scale Fisheries   111,281,204
18,507,220      310,950     -309,465            0            0   111,281,204

                                       Project.

                                      Transportation Project            0
0            0            0            0            0             0


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Morocco.........  650,163,890
72,181,470     -148,843            0            0            0   649,370,442

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Mozambique.........................  Farmer Income Support    18,857,349
1,855,435       19,893            0            0            0    18,857,349

                                       Project.

                                      Land Tenure Project...   39,466,421
3,668,233      -31,999            0            0            0    39,466,421

                                      Monitoring and            4,073,077
851,699       21,760            0            0            0     4,073,077

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
-2,837,741   -3,115,537      -46,329            0            0             0

                                       Report.

                                      Program Administration   48,483,703
6,187,513    1,870,307       46,329      706,997            0    48,483,703

                                       and Control.

                                      Rehabilitation/         136,802,301
17,844,298       95,729            0            0            0   136,802,301

                                       Construction Of Roads

                                       Project.

                                      Water Supply and        200,221,661
23,300,256    2,150,510            0            0            0   200,221,661

                                       Sanitation Project.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Mozambique......  447,904,512
50,869,694    1,010,662            0      706,997            0   447,904,512

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Namibia............................  Agriculture Project...   51,439,139
3,092,659    4,301,409    3,858,573    2,064,357    2,237,463    50,029,275

                                      Education Project.....  141,886,916
12,286,634    8,956,394    9,803,025   13,032,538    4,370,143   137,237,213

                                      Monitoring and            6,886,182
84,364      290,198      632,806      672,659      773,743     6,415,390

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
1,676,086     -516,092   -7,268,389      310,960      646,860     3,716,700

                                       Report.

                                      Program Administration   35,789,383
1,665,196    1,235,533    1,423,372    1,598,913    3,994,297    33,365,598

                                       and Control.

                                      Rural Development                 0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Project.

                                      Tourism Project.......   68,475,842
4,619,357    5,669,962   11,283,451   10,496,386    6,288,359    65,464,315


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Namibia.........  304,477,463
23,424,296   19,937,405   19,732,839   28,175,814   18,310,864   296,228,491

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Philippines........................  Community Development   120,000,000
4,129,561    7,696,771    7,155,121    7,748,991    7,125,483    75,901,515

                                       Grants Project.

                                      KALAHI-CIDSS Project..            0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                      Monitoring and            8,207,000
173,308      135,260       99,022      139,294      168,264     2,027,532

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
2,111,447       21,877   -1,617,650      911,404   -1,092,558     5,058,482

                                       Report.

                                      Program Administration   36,910,000
1,060,649    1,075,900    1,114,616    1,113,703    1,468,306    14,398,261

                                       and Control.

                                      Revenue Administration   54,300,000
55,909    1,125,801    2,645,058      875,506    1,116,814    11,666,358

                                       Reform Project.

                                      Roads Project.........  214,493,000
7,517,140    3,797,637    8,678,866   16,632,689   10,530,412    95,566,371


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Philippines.....  433,910,000
15,048,013   13,853,246   18,075,033   27,421,587   19,316,721   204,618,519

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Senegal............................  Demand Assessment.....            0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                      Irrigation............  170,341,171
8,082,655   16,444,544   19,022,475   12,166,091   15,456,116   100,655,919

                                      Land Tenure Project...            0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                      Monitoring and            3,757,500
16,716       28,420       24,849       41,683      128,216       774,411

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
-719,147      166,031     -535,530      249,080       22,606       568,061

                                       Report.

                                      Pre-Feasibility and               0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Feasibility Analysis.

                                      Program Administration   41,188,830
1,212,154    1,243,739    1,768,298    1,290,872    1,433,630    20,493,819

                                       and Control.

                                      Roads Project.........  324,712,499
10,925,884   16,542,582   25,570,082   17,326,600   24,658,251   135,713,053


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Senegal.........  540,000,000
19,518,262   34,425,315   45,850,174   31,074,326   41,698,818   258,205,264

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [[Page 70142]]





 Tanzania...........................  Energy Sector Project.  199,461,627
22,613,285            0            0            0            0   199,461,627

                                      Monitoring and            4,632,363
387,554            0            0            0            0     4,632,363

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Report.

                                       Program                 30,480,760
1,631,748       10,372            0            0            0    30,480,760

                                       Administration and

                                       Control.

                                      Transport Sector        405,402,512
44,755,778            0            0            0            0   405,402,512

                                       Project.

                                      Water Sector Project..   54,568,652
5,093,064            0            0            0            0    54,568,652


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Tanzania........  694,545,914
74,481,428       10,372            0            0            0   694,545,914

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Zambia.............................  Infrastructure Project            0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                      Monitoring and            5,841,000
0        6,843        1,268            0            0        25,999

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
-17,617       18,233       58,777        6,634        7,788       110,436

                                       Report.

                                      Program Administration   38,823,951
1,716,377    1,050,630    1,612,473    1,673,344    1,928,332    10,096,838

                                       and Control.

                                      Water Supply and          8,137,125
0            0   -1,324,821            0    1,205,107     8,017,411

                                       Sanitation Project.

                                      Water Supply,           301,955,564
62,473       80,042      173,719      529,434      322,397     1,456,503

                                       Sanitation and

                                       Drainage Project.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Zambia..........  354,757,640
1,761,233    1,155,748      521,417    2,209,413    3,463,624    19,707,186

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------





                                                                 605
Assistance--Measures

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------


FY 2014                                           FY 2015

              Country                  Objectives
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------

                                                            Quarter 1
Quarter 2           Quarter 3           Quarter 4           Quarter 1

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Burkina Faso....................  Agriculture         Hectares of new
Hectares of new     Hectares of new     Hectares of new

                                    Development         perimeter
perimeter           perimeter           perimeter

                                    Project             development in Di.
development in Di.  development in Di.  development in Di.

                                    Objectives:        Responsible
Responsible         Responsible         Responsible

                                    Expanded            members of Water
members of Water    members of Water    members of Water

                                    productive use of   User Associations   User
Associations   User Associations   User Associations

                                    land in order to    trained in the
trained in the      trained in the      trained in the

                                    increase the        Sourou.
Sourou.             Sourou.             Sourou.

                                    volume and value   Farmers trained...
Farmers trained...  Farmers trained...  Farmers trained...

                                    of agricultural    Farmers who have
Farmers who have    Farmers who have    Farmers who have

                                    production in       applied improved
applied improved    applied improved    applied improved

                                    Project Zones.      practices as a
practices as a      practices as a      practices as a

                                                        result of
result of           result of           result of

                                                        training.
training.           training.           training.

                                                       Local water         Local
water         Local water         Local water

                                                        committees
committees          committees          committees

                                                        established and
established and     established and     established and

                                                        operational in
operational in      operational in      operational in

                                                        the Como[eacute]    the
Como[eacute]    the Como[eacute]    the Como[eacute]

                                                        and Mouhoun.        and
Mouhoun.        and Mouhoun.        and Mouhoun.

                                                       Basin Water         Basin
Water         Basin Water         Basin Water

                                                        Resources
Resources           Resources           Resources

                                                        Development and
Development and     Development and     Development and

                                                        Management Master
Management Master   Management Master   Management Master

                                                        Plan developed      Plan
developed      Plan developed      Plan developed

                                                        and validated.      and
validated.      and validated.      and validated.

                                                       Hectares under
Hectares under      Hectares under      Hectares under

                                                        improved
improved            improved            improved

                                                        practices as a
practices as a      practices as a      practices as a

                                                        result of
result of           result of           result of

                                                        training.
training.           training.           training.

                                   BRIGHT II School    Percent of girls
Percent of girls    Percent of girls    Percent of girls

                                    Project             regularly
regularly           regularly           regularly

                                    Objectives:         attending (90
attending (90       attending (90       attending (90

                                    Increased primary   percent
percent             percent             percent

                                    school completion   attendance)
attendance)         attendance)         attendance)

                                    rates for girls.    BRIGHT II schools.
BRIGHT II schools.  BRIGHT II schools.  BRIGHT II schools.

                                                       Girls promotion     Girls
promotion     Girls promotion     Girls promotion

                                                        rates to next
rates to next       rates to next       rates to next

                                                        grade in BRIGHT
grade in BRIGHT     grade in BRIGHT     grade in BRIGHT

                                                        II schools.         II
schools.         II schools.         II schools.

                                                       Percent of girls
Percent of girls    Percent of girls    Percent of girls

                                                        dropping out of
dropping out of     dropping out of     dropping out of

                                                        school.
school.             school.             school.



 [[Page 70143]]





                                                       Percent of girls
Percent of girls    Percent of girls    Percent of girls

                                                        passing the
passing the         passing the         passing the

                                                        annual Primary
annual Primary      annual Primary      annual Primary

                                                        Certificate exam
Certificate exam    Certificate exam    Certificate exam

                                                        in BRIGHT II        in
BRIGHT II        in BRIGHT II        in BRIGHT II

                                                        schools.
schools.            schools.            schools.

                                                       Students enrolled
Students enrolled   Students enrolled   Students enrolled

                                                        in BRIGHT II        in
BRIGHT II        in BRIGHT II        in BRIGHT II

                                                        schools (both
schools (both       schools (both       schools (both

                                                        girls and boys).
girls and boys).    girls and boys).    girls and boys).

                                   Land Tenure         Stakeholders
Stakeholders        Stakeholders        Stakeholders

                                    Project             trained.
trained.            trained.            trained.

                                    Objectives:        Rural hectares      Rural
hectares      Rural hectares      Rural hectares

                                    Increased           formalized in the
formalized in the   formalized in the   formalized in the

                                    investment in       new zone of Di,     new
zone of Di,     new zone of Di,     new zone of Di,

                                    land and rural      targeted under
targeted under      targeted under      targeted under

                                    productivity        the Agriculture     the
Agriculture     the Agriculture     the Agriculture

                                    through improved    Development
Development         Development         Development

                                    land tenure         project.
project.            project.            project.

                                    security and land  Land                Land
Land                Land

                                    management.         administration
administration      administration      administration

                                                        offices
offices             offices             offices

                                                        established or
established or      established or      established or

                                                        upgraded.
upgraded.           upgraded.           upgraded.

                                                       Municipal
Municipal           Municipal           Municipal

                                                        buildings
buildings           buildings           buildings

                                                        constructed.
constructed.        constructed.        constructed.

                                                       Rural land          Rural
and           Rural land          Rural land          ..................

                                                        possession
possession          possession          possession

                                                        certificates
certificates        certificates        certificates

                                                        approved by the
approved by the     approved by the     approved by the

                                                        local government.
local government.   local government.   local government.

                                                       Land conflicts      Land
conflicts      Land conflicts      Land conflicts      ..................

                                                        recorded in the
recorded in the     recorded in the     recorded in the

                                                        17 communes of      17
communes of      17 communes of      17 communes of

                                                        phase I of the
phase I of the      phase I of the      phase I of the

                                                        Rural Land
Rural Land          Rural Land          Rural Land

                                                        Governance
Governance          Governance          Governance

                                                        project.
project.            project.            project.

                                                       Land resolved in    Land
resolved in    Land resolved in    Land resolved in    ..................

                                                        the 17 communes     the
17 communes     the 17 communes     the 17 communes

                                                        of Phase I of the   of
Phase I of the   of Phase I of the   of Phase I of the

                                                        Rural Land
Rural Land          Rural Land          Rural Land

                                                        Governance
Governance          Governance          Governance

                                                        project.
project.            project.            project.

                                   Roads Project       Periodic road
Periodic road       Periodic road       Periodic road

                                    Objectives:         maintenance
maintenance         maintenance         maintenance

                                    Enhanced access     coverage rate
coverage rate       coverage rate       coverage rate

                                    to markets          (for all funds)     (for
all funds)     (for all funds)     (for all funds)

                                    through             (percent).
(percent).          (percent).          (percent).

                                    investments in     Kilometers of
Kilometers of       Kilometers of       Kilometers of

                                    the road network.   primary roads
primary roads       primary roads       primary roads

                                                        completed.
completed.          completed.          completed.

                                                       Percent disbursed
Percent disbursed   Percent disbursed   Percent disbursed   ..................

                                                        of road             of
road             of road             of road

                                                        construction
construction        construction        construction

                                                        contracts
contracts           contracts           contracts

                                                        (primary roads).
(primary roads).    (primary roads).    (primary roads).

                                                       Kilometers of
Kilometers of       Kilometers of       Kilometers of       ..................

                                                        rural roads
rural roads         rural roads         rural roads

                                                        completed.
completed.          completed.          completed.

                                                       Percent disbursed
Percent disbursed   Percent disbursed   Percent disbursed   ..................

                                                        of road             of
road             of road             of road

                                                        construction
construction        construction        construction

                                                        contracts (rural
contracts (rural    contracts (rural    contracts (rural

                                                        roads).
roads).             roads).             roads).



 [[Page 70144]]





 Cabo Verde II...................  Land Management     Legal and           Legal
and           Legal and           Legal and           Legal and

                                    for Investment      regulatory
regulatory          regulatory          regulatory          regulatory

                                    Projects            reforms adopted.
reforms adopted.    reforms adopted.    reforms adopted.    reforms adopted.

                                    Objectives:        Field test of       Field
test of       Field test of       Field test of       Field test of

                                    Increased           ``Fieldwork
``Fieldwork         ``Fieldwork         ``Fieldwork         ``Fieldwork

                                    investments in      Operations
Operations          Operations          Operations          Operations

                                    and value of        Manual'' and
Manual'' and        Manual'' and        Manual'' and        Manual'' and

                                    property;           methodology
methodology         methodology         methodology         methodology

                                    improved ease of    completed on Sal.
completed on Sal.   completed on Sal.   completed on Sal.   completed on Sal.

                                    doing business;    Stakeholders
Stakeholders        Stakeholders        Stakeholders

                                    increased           receiving formal
receiving formal    receiving formal    receiving formal

                                    investments and     on-the-job
on-the-job          on-the-job          on-the-job

                                    value added in      training or
training or         training or         training or

                                    tourism;            technical
technical           technical           technical

                                    increased           assistance
assistance          assistance          assistance

                                    employment.         regarding roles,
regarding roles,    regarding roles,    regarding roles,

                                                        responsibilities
responsibilities    responsibilities    responsibilities

                                                        or new              or
new              or new              or new

                                                        technologies.
technologies.       technologies.       technologies.


Percent of


targeted surface


area on target


island (Sal)


incorporated into


the Land


Management


Information and


Transaction


System (LMITS).


Households in


intervention


island(s) of high


tourism


investment


potential with


land rights


formalized


through project.


Parcels corrected


or incorporated


in land system.


Land


administration


offices


established or


upgraded.


Adoption of


``Operations


Manual'' for the


Rights and


Boundaries


Activity


fieldwork in full


force and effect.



 [[Page 70145]]





                                   Water, Sanitation,  Value of implicit   Value
of implicit   Value of implicit   Value of implicit   Value of implicit

                                    and Hygiene         subsidy reduction
subsidy reduction   subsidy reduction   subsidy reduction   subsidy reduction

                                    Project             (U.S. dollars).
(U.S. dollars).     (U.S. dollars).     (U.S. dollars).     (U.S. dollars).

                                    Objectives:        Operating cost
Operating cost      Operating cost      Operating cost      Operating cost

                                    Increased access    coverage
coverage            coverage            coverage            coverage

                                    to improved water   (percent).
(percent).          (percent).          (percent).          (percent).

                                    and sanitation;    Service coverage
Service coverage    Service coverage    Service coverage    Service coverage

                                    reduced household   by corporatized     by
corporatized     by corporatized     by corporatized     by corporatized

                                    costs for water;    utilities
utilities           utilities           utilities           utilities

                                    reduced incidence   (percent).
(percent).          (percent).          (percent).          (percent).

                                    of waterborne      Continuity of
Continuity of       Continuity of       Continuity of       Continuity of

                                    disease; improved   service (hours/
service (hours/     service (hours/     service (hours/     service (hours/

                                    capital             day).
day).               day).               day).               day).

                                    accumulation;      Objective measure
Objective measure   Objective measure   Objective measure   Objective measure

                                    increase            of water quality    of
water quality    of water quality    of water quality    of water quality

                                    productive          (percent.
(percent.           (percent.           (percent.           (percent).

                                    government         Non-revenue water
Non-revenue water   Non-revenue water   Non-revenue water   Non-revenue water

                                    spending.           for Multiple        for
Multiple        for Multiple        for Multiple        for Multiple

                                                        Municipal Utility/
Municipal Utility/  Municipal Utility/  Municipal Utility/  Municipal Utility/

                                                        utilities
utilities           utilities           utilities           utilities

                                                        (percent).
(percent).          (percent).          (percent).          (percent).

                                                       Value of signed     Value
of signed     Value of signed     Value of signed     Value of signed

                                                        water and
water and           water and           water and           water and

                                                        sanitation
sanitation          sanitation          sanitation          sanitation

                                                        construction
construction        construction        construction        construction

                                                        contracts.
contracts.          contracts.          contracts.          works contracts.

                                                       Percent disbursed
Percent disbursed   Percent disbursed   Percent disbursed   Percent disbursed

                                                        of water and        of
water and        of water and        of water and        of water and

                                                        sanitation
sanitation          sanitation          sanitation          sanitation

                                                        construction
construction        construction        construction        construction

                                                        contracts.
contracts.          contracts.          contracts.          works contracts.

                                                       Strategic National
Strategic National  Strategic National  Strategic National  Strategic National

                                                        Master Plan and
Master Plan and     Master Plan and     Master Plan and     Master Plan and

                                                        Strategic
Strategic           Strategic           Strategic           Strategic

                                                        Environmental and
Environmental and   Environmental and   Environmental and   Environmental and

                                                        Social Assessment
Social Assessment   Social Assessment   Social Assessment   Social Assessment

                                                        approved by
approved by         approved by         approved by         approved by

                                                        appropriate
appropriate         appropriate         appropriate         appropriate

                                                        authorities.
authorities.        authorities.        authorities.        authorities.

                                                       Value of signed     Value
of signed     Value of signed     Value of signed     Value of signed

                                                        water and
water and           water and           water and           water and

                                                        sanitation
sanitation          sanitation          sanitation          sanitation

                                                        feasibility and
feasibility and     feasibility and     feasibility and     feasibility and

                                                        design contracts.
design contracts.   design contracts.   design contracts.   design contracts.

                                                       Percent disbursed
Percent disbursed   Percent disbursed   Percent disbursed   Percent disbursed

                                                        of water and        of
water and        of water and        of water and        of water and

                                                        sanitation
sanitation          sanitation          sanitation          sanitation

                                                        feasibility and
feasibility and     feasibility and     feasibility and     feasibility and

                                                        design contracts.
design contracts.   design contracts.   design contracts.   design contracts.

                                                       Percent disbursed
Percent disbursed   Percent disbursed   Percent disbursed   Percent disbursed

                                                        of technical        of
technical        of technical        of technical        of technical

                                                        advisory services
advisory services   advisory services   advisory services   advisory services

                                                        and training        and
training        and training        and training        and training

                                                        contracts in
contracts in        contracts in        contracts in        contracts in

                                                        support of the
support of the      support of the      support of the      support of the

                                                        Water, Sanitation
Water, Sanitation   Water, Sanitation   Water, Sanitation   Water, Sanitation

                                                        and Hygiene         and
Hygiene         and Hygiene         and Hygiene         and Hygiene

                                                        Project.
Project.            Project.            Project.            Project.

                                                       Value disbursed of  Value
disbursed of  Value disbursed of  Value disbursed of  Value disbursed of

                                                        Infrastructure
Infrastructure      Infrastructure      Infrastructure      Infrastructure

                                                        Grant Facility
Grant Facility      Grant Facility      Grant Facility      Grant Facility

                                                        Social Funds for
Social Funds for    Social Funds for    Social Funds for    Social Funds for

                                                        disadvantaged
disadvantaged       disadvantaged       disadvantaged       disadvantaged

                                                        groups and/or
groups and/or       groups and/or       groups and/or       groups and/or

                                                        poor households.    poor
households.    poor households.    poor households.    poor households.



 [[Page 70146]]





                                                       Value of all        Value
of all

                                                        signed technical
signed technical

                                                        advisory services
advisory services

                                                        and training        and
training

                                                        contracts in
contracts in

                                                        support of the
support of the

                                                        Water, Sanitation
Water, Sanitation

                                                        and Hygiene         and
Hygiene

                                                        Project.
Project.


Collection Ratio.


Multiple municipal


utilities staff


per 1,000 potable


water


connections.

 El Salvador II..................  Business            Measures pending..
Measures pending..  Measures pending..  Measures pending..  Measures pending.

                                    Development

                                    Services.

                                   Human Capital

                                    Project.

                                   Infrastructure

                                    Project.

 Georgia II......................  Education Project.  Measures pending..
Measures pending..  Measures pending..  Measures pending..  Schools fully


rehabilitated.


Science labs


installed and


equipped.


Percent disbursed


of educational


facility


construction,


rehabilitation,


and equipping


contracts.


School-based


professional


development


facilitators


trained.


School principals


trained.


Science, math,


English, and


information and


communication


technology


teachers trained.


Completion of


teacher training


design framework.


International


assessments


completed


Completion of


pilot testing of


national


assessment


instruments.

                                   Vocational          Measures pending..
Measures pending..  Measures pending..  Measures pending..  Students

                                    Education Project.
participating in


MCC-supported


Technical


Vocational


Education and


Training (TVET)


programs.


Industry co-


investment in


TVET provision.



 [[Page 70147]]






Date first grant


agreement is


signed.


Total grant


outlays.

                                   Tertiary Education  Measures pending..
Measures pending..  Measures pending..  Measures pending..  Students enrolled

                                    Project.
in MCC-supported


U.S. bachelor's


programs.


First cohort of


students enter


MCC-funded


science,


technology,


engineering and


math bachelor's


program.


Signing of


partnership


agreement between


the Government of


Georgia and


university


partner.


Georgian partner


university


faculty members


receiving


training from


U.S. partner


institution.

 Ghana II........................  Access to           Measures pending..
Measures pending..  Measures pending..  Measures pending..  Measures pending.

                                    Electricity

                                    Project.

                                   Energy Efficiency

                                    and Demand Side

                                    Management

                                    Project.

                                   Power Generation

                                    Sector

                                    Improvement

                                    Project.

                                   Regulatory

                                    Strengthening and

                                    Capacity Building

                                    Project.

 Indonesia.......................  Community           Value of Generasi   Value
of Generasi   Value of Generasi   Value of Generasi   Value of Generasi

                                    Nutrition Project   block grants
block grants        block grants        block grants        block grants

                                    Objectives:         funded.
funded.             funded.             funded.             funded.

                                    Reduce and

                                    prevent low birth

                                    weight and

                                    childhood

                                    stunting and

                                    malnourishment of

                                    children in

                                    project areas,

                                    and to increase

                                    household income

                                    through cost

                                    savings,

                                    productivity

                                    growth and higher

                                    lifetime earnings.

                                   Service providers   Service providers
Service providers   Service providers   Service providers   Service providers

                                    trained on infant   trained on infant
trained on infant   trained on infant   trained on infant   trained on

                                    and young child     and young child     and
young child     and young child     and young child     mother, infant

                                    feeding.            feeding.
feeding.            feeding.            feeding.            and young child


feeding.



 [[Page 70148]]





                                   Communications      Communications
Communications      Communications      Communications      Date

                                    Campaign design     Campaign design
Campaign design     Campaign design     Campaign design     Communications

                                    complete.           complete.
complete.           complete.           complete.           Campaign design


complete.

                                   Micro-nutrient      Micro-nutrient
Micro-nutrient      Micro-nutrient      Micro-nutrient      Micro-nutrient

                                    packages            packages
packages            packages            packages            packages

                                    delivered (Iron     delivered (Iron
delivered (Iron     delivered (Iron     delivered (Iron     delivered (Iron

                                    Folic) (millions).  Folic) (millions).
Folic) (millions).  Folic) (millions).  Folic) (millions).  Folic).

                                                       Micro-nutrient
Micro-nutrient      Micro-nutrient      Micro-nutrient      Micro-nutrient

                                                        packages
packages            packages            packages            packages

                                                        delivered
delivered           delivered           delivered           delivered

                                                        (Taburia)
(Taburia)           (Taburia)           (Taburia)           (Taburia).

                                                        (millions).
(millions).         (millions).         (millions).

                                                       Generasi proposals
Generasi proposals  Generasi proposals  Generasi proposals

                                                       Generasi
Generasi            Generasi            Generasi

                                                        facilitators
facilitators        facilitators        facilitators

                                                        trained on
trained on          trained on          trained on

                                                        stunting and
stunting and        stunting and        stunting and

                                                        gender.
gender.             gender.             gender.


Sanitation


triggering


events.


Service providers


trained on growth


monitoring.

                                   Green Prosperity    Signed memoranda
Signed memoranda    Signed memoranda    Signed memoranda    Signed memoranda

                                    Project             of understanding    of
understanding    of understanding    of understanding    of understanding

                                    Objectives:         between the
between the         between the         between the         between the

                                    Increase            Indonesia
Indonesia           Indonesia           Indonesia           Indonesia

                                    productivity and    accountable
accountable         accountable         accountable         accountable

                                    reduce reliance     entity and
entity and          entity and          entity and          entity and

                                    on fossil fuels     districts.
districts.          districts.          districts.          districts.

                                    by expanding       Green Knowledge     Green
Knowledge     Green Knowledge     Green Knowledge     Green Knowledge

                                    renewable energy;   work plan           work
plan           work plan           work plan           work plan

                                    and Increase        completed.
completed.          completed.          completed.          completed.

                                    productivity and   Financial service
Financial service   Financial service   Financial service

                                    reduce land-based   provider
provider            provider            provider

                                    greenhouse gas      partnerships
partnerships        partnerships        partnerships

                                    emissions by        established (loan
established (loan   established (loan   established (loan

                                    improving land      agreement).
agreement).         agreement).         agreement).

                                    use practices and  Financial service
Financial service   Financial service   Financial service

                                    management of       provider
provider            provider            provider

                                    natural resources.  partnerships
partnerships        partnerships        partnerships

                                                        established
established         established         established

                                                        (grant
(grant              (grant              (grant

                                                        partnerships).
partnerships).      partnerships).      partnerships).

                                                       Financial service
Financial service   Financial service   Financial service

                                                        provider
provider            provider            provider

                                                        partnerships
partnerships        partnerships        partnerships

                                                        established
established         established         established

                                                        (grant managers).   (
grant managers).   (grant managers).   (grant managers).

                                                       Project financing
Project financing   Project financing   Project financing

                                                        approved by the
approved by the     approved by the     approved by the

                                                        Green Prosperity
Green Prosperity    Green Prosperity    Green Prosperity

                                                        Finance Facility.
Finance Facility.   Finance Facility.   Finance Facility.

                                                       Formal district
Formal district     Formal district     Formal district

                                                        adoption of
adoption of         adoption of         adoption of

                                                        guidelines for
guidelines for      guidelines for      guidelines for

                                                        participatory
participatory       participatory       participatory

                                                        village boundary
village boundary    village boundary    village boundary

                                                        setting.
setting.            setting.            setting.

                                                       Financial service
Financial service   Financial service   Financial service

                                                        provider
provider            provider            provider

                                                        partnerships
partnerships        partnerships        partnerships

                                                        established
established         established         established

                                                        (implementing
(implementing       (implementing       (implementing

                                                        entity
entity              entity              entity

                                                        agreements).
agreements).        agreements).        agreements).



 [[Page 70149]]





                                                       Project funds
Project funds       Project funds       Project funds

                                                        disbursed by the
disbursed by the    disbursed by the    disbursed by the

                                                        Technical
Technical           Technical           Technical

                                                        Assistance and
Assistance and      Assistance and      Assistance and

                                                        Oversight
Oversight           Oversight           Oversight

                                                        Activity
Activity            Activity            Activity

                                                        (percent).
(percent).          (percent).          (percent).


Hectares targeted


for improved


practices for


sustainable


agriculture


(including agro-


forestry) as a


result of Green


Prosperity-funded


projects and/or


partnerships.


Hectares targeted


for protection


through Green


Prosperity-funded


projects and/or


partnerships.


Additional


capacity of


renewable energy


planned.


Grant agreements


approved by Green


Prosperity


Finance Facility.


Villages assisted


in participatory


boundary setting.


District land use,


land cover, and


permits and


licenses


inventories


created.


Proposals that


receive project


preparation


support.

                                   Procurement         Procurement
Procurement         Procurement         Procurement         Procurement

                                    Modernization       management
management          management          management          management

                                    Project             information
information         information         information         information

                                    Objectives:         system adopted.
system adopted.     system adopted.     system adopted.     system adopted

                                    Achieve            Creation of
Creation of         Creation of         Creation of          (Phase I).

                                    significant         sustainable
sustainable         sustainable         sustainable        Date the

                                    government          procurement
procurement         procurement         procurement         sustainable

                                    expenditure         policy National
policy National     policy National     policy National     procurement

                                    savings on          Action Plan.
Action Plan.        Action Plan.        Action Plan.        policy National

                                    procured goods     Framework
Framework           Framework           Framework            Action Plan

                                    and services,       agreements signed
agreements signed   agreements signed   agreements signed   endorsed.

                                    while assuring      and catalogued.     and
catalogued.     and catalogued.     and catalogued.

                                    their quality      Procurement
Procurement         Procurement         Procurement

                                    satisfies the       Service Unit
Service Unit        Service Unit        Service Unit

                                    public need, and    staff trained.
staff trained.      staff trained.      staff trained.

                                    to achieve the     Creation of public
Creation of public  Creation of public  Creation of public

                                    delivery of         private
private             private             private

                                    public services     partnership
partnership         partnership         partnership

                                    as planned.         standard bidding
standard bidding    standard bidding    standard bidding

                                                        documents.
documents.          documents.          documents.


Date e-catalogue


system


established.


Mentor visits


conducted.



 [[Page 70150]]






Hours of training


conducted.

 Jordan..........................  Expansion Of        Treated wastewater
Treated wastewater  Treated wastewater  Treated wastewater  Treated wastewater

                                    Wastewater          used in             used
in             used in             used in             used in

                                    Treatment           agriculture (as a
agriculture (as a   agriculture (as a   agriculture (as a   agriculture (as a

                                    Capacity            percent of all
percent of all      percent of all      percent of all      percent of all

                                    Objectives:         water used for
water used for      water used for      water used for      water used for

                                    Increase the        irrigation in
irrigation in       irrigation in       irrigation in       irrigation in

                                    volume of treated   Northern and
Northern and        Northern and        Northern and        Northern and

                                    wastewater          Middle Jordan
Middle Jordan       Middle Jordan       Middle Jordan       Middle Jordan

                                    available as a      Valley).
Valley).            Valley).            Valley).            Valley).

                                    substitute for     Value disbursed of  Value
disbursed of  Value disbursed of  Value disbursed of  Value disbursed of

                                    freshwater in       construction
construction        construction        construction        construction

                                    agricultural use.   contracts; MCC
contracts; MCC      contracts; MCC      contracts; MCC      contracts; MCC

                                                        contribution.
contribution.       contribution.       contribution.       contribution.

                                                       Total engineering,  Total
engineering,  Total engineering,  Total engineering,  Total engineering,

                                                        procurement, and
procurement, and    procurement, and    procurement, and    procurement, and

                                                        construction
construction        construction        construction        construction

                                                        costs of As-Samra
costs of As-Samra   costs of As-Samra   costs of As-Samra   costs of As-Samra

                                                        Expansion.
Expansion.          Expansion.          Expansion.          Expansion.

                                   Wastewater          Sewer blockage      Sewer
blockage      Sewer blockage      Sewer blockage      Sewer blockage

                                    Collection          events; annual.
events; annual.     events; annual.     events; annual.     events; annual.

                                    Objectives:        Volume of
Volume of           Volume of           Volume of           Volume of

                                    Increase access     wastewater
wastewater          wastewater          wastewater          wastewater

                                    to the wastewater   collected;
collected;          collected;          collected;          collected;

                                    network, increase   (millions of
(millions of        (millions of        (millions of        (millions of

                                    the volume of       cubic meters per
cubic meters per    cubic meters per    cubic meters per    cubic meters per

                                    wastewater          year).
year).              year).              year).              year).

                                    collected and      Residential
Residential         Residential         Residential         Residential

                                    reduce the          population
population          population          population          population

                                    incidents of        connected to the
connected to the    connected to the    connected to the    connected to the

                                    sewage overflow.    sewer system
sewer system        sewer system        sewer system        sewer system

                                                        (percent).
(percent).          (percent).          (percent).          (percent).

                                                       Expand network
Expand network      Expand network      Expand network      Expand network

                                                        (kilometers).
(kilometers).       (kilometers).       (kilometers).       (kilometers).

                                                       Value disbursed of  Value
disbursed of  Value disbursed of  Value disbursed of  Value disbursed of

                                                        sanitation
sanitation          sanitation          sanitation          sanitation

                                                        construction
construction        construction        construction        construction

                                                        contracts.
contracts.          contracts.          contracts.          contracts.

                                   Water Network       Network water
Network water       Network water       Network water       Network water

                                    Restructuring and   consumption per
consumption per     consumption per     consumption per     consumption per

                                    Rehabilitation      capita
capita              capita              capita              capita

                                    Objectives:         (residential and
(residential and    (residential and    (residential and    (residential and

                                    Reduce water        non-residential);
non-residential);   non-residential);   non-residential);   non-residential);

                                    losses, improve     liters/capita/day.
liters/capita/day.  liters/capita/day.  liters/capita/day.  liters/capita/

                                    continuity of      Operating cost
Operating cost      Operating cost      Operating cost       day.

                                    water service and   coverage--Water
coverage--Water     coverage--Water     coverage--Water    Operating cost

                                    improve overall     Authority Jordan
Authority Jordan    Authority Jordan    Authority Jordan    coverage--Water

                                    efficiency and      Zarqa.
Zarqa.              Zarqa.              Zarqa.              Authority Jordan

                                    use of network     Non-Revenue Water
Non-Revenue Water   Non-Revenue Water   Non-Revenue Water    Zarqa.

                                    water delivery      (percent).
(percent).          (percent).          (percent).         Non-Revenue Water

                                    leading to         Continuity of
Continuity of       Continuity of       Continuity of        (percent).

                                    households          Supply time;
Supply time;        Supply time;        Supply time;       Continuity of

                                    substituting        hours per week.
hours per week.     hours per week.     hours per week.     Supply time;

                                    network water for  Restructured and
Restructured and    Restructured and    Restructured and     hours per week.

                                    costly              rehabilitated
rehabilitated       rehabilitated       rehabilitated      Restructured and

                                    alternatives.       primary and
primary and         primary and         primary and         rehabilitated

                                                        secondary
secondary           secondary           secondary           primary and

                                                        pipelines
pipelines           pipelines           pipelines           secondary

                                                        (kilometers).
(kilometers).       (kilometers).       (kilometers).       pipelines


(kilometers).

                                                       Restructured and
Restructured and    Restructured and    Restructured and    Restructured and

                                                        rehabilitated
rehabilitated       rehabilitated       rehabilitated       rehabilitated

                                                        tertiary
tertiary            tertiary            tertiary            tertiary

                                                        pipelines
pipelines           pipelines           pipelines           pipelines

                                                        (kilometers).
(kilometers).       (kilometers).       (kilometers).       (kilometers).



 [[Page 70151]]





                                                       Value disbursed of  Value
disbursed of  Value disbursed of  Value disbursed of  Value disbursed of

                                                        water
water               water               water               water

                                                        construction
construction        construction        construction        construction

                                                        contracts--Infras
contracts--Infras   contracts--Infras   contracts--Infras   contracts--Water

                                                        tructure Activity
tructure Activity   tructure Activity   tructure Activity   Network Project.

                                                        and Water Smart     and
Water Smart     and Water Smart     and Water Smart

                                                        Homes Activity.
Homes Activity.     Homes Activity.     Homes Activity.

                                                       National Aid Fund
National Aid Fund   National Aid Fund   National Aid Fund   National Aid Fund

                                                        households with
households with     households with     households with     households with

                                                        improved water
improved water      improved water      improved water      improved water

                                                        and wastewater      and
wastewater      and wastewater      and wastewater      and wastewater

                                                        network.
network.            network.            network.            network.

                                                       National Aid Fund
National Aid Fund   National Aid Fund   National Aid Fund   National Aid Fund

                                                        households
households          households          households          households

                                                        connected to the
connected to the    connected to the    connected to the    connected to the

                                                        wastewater
wastewater          wastewater          wastewater          wastewater

                                                        network as a
network as a        network as a        network as a        network as a

                                                        result of the
result of the       result of the       result of the       result of the

                                                        Water Smart Homes
Water Smart Homes   Water Smart Homes   Water Smart Homes   Water Smart Homes

                                                        Activity.
Activity.           Activity.           Activity.           Activity.

 Lesotho.........................  Health Sector       Deliveries
Compact closed....  Compact closed....  Compact closed....  Compact closed.

                                    Project             conducted in

                                    Objectives:         health centers

                                    Increase access     (percent).

                                    to life-extending  People with HIV

                                    anti-retroviral     still alive 12

                                    treatment and       months after

                                    essential health    initiation of

                                    services by         treatment

                                    providing a         (percent).

                                    sustainable        Tuberculosis

                                    delivery platform.  notifications

                                                        (per 100,000

                                                        population).

                                                       Health centers

                                                        equipped

                                                        (percent).

                                                       Physical

                                                        completion of

                                                        health center

                                                        facilities

                                                        (percent).

                                                       Physical

                                                        completion of

                                                        Outpatient

                                                        Departments

                                                        (percent).

                                                       Physical

                                                        completion of the

                                                        Botsabelo

                                                        facilities

                                                        (percent).

                                   Private Sector      Debit/smart cards
Compact closed....  Compact closed....  Compact closed....  Compact closed.

                                    Development         issued.

                                    Project            Bonds registered..

                                    Objectives:        Change in time for

                                    Stimulate           property

                                    investment by       transactions

                                    improving access    (percent).

                                    to credit,         Urban land parcels

                                    reducing            regularized and

                                    transaction costs   registered.

                                    and increasing     Stakeholders

                                    the participation   trained.

                                    of women in the    Time required to

                                    economy.            resolve

                                                        commercial

                                                        disputes (days).

                                                       Cases filed at the

                                                        commercial court.



 [[Page 70152]]





                                                       Women holding

                                                        titles to land.

                                                       People trained....

                                   Water Sector        Physical
Compact closed....  Compact closed....  Compact closed....  Compact closed.

                                    Project             completion of

                                    Objectives:         Metolong water

                                    Improve the water   treatment works

                                    supply for          contract

                                    industrial and      (percent).

                                    domestic needs,    Households with

                                    and enhance rural   provisions to

                                    livelihoods         connect to water

                                    through improved    networks.

                                    watershed          Non-revenue water

                                    management.         (percent).

                                                       Physical

                                                        completion of

                                                        Urban Water

                                                        supply works

                                                        contracts

                                                        (percent).

                                                       Ventilated

                                                        improved pit

                                                        latrines built.

                                                       Water points

                                                        constructed.

 Malawi..........................  Natural Resource    Value of signed     Value
of signed     Value of signed     Value of signed     Value of signed

                                    Management          weed and sediment   weed
and sediment   weed and sediment   weed and sediment   weed and sediment

                                    Project             management
management          management          management          management

                                    Objectives:         activity
activity            activity            activity            activity

                                    Increase            contracts.
contracts.          contracts.          contracts.          contracts.

                                    efficiency of      Distribution of
Distribution of     Distribution of     Distribution of

                                    hydropower          invasive aquatic
invasive aquatic    invasive aquatic    invasive aquatic

                                    generation.         species (cubic
species (cubic      species (cubic      species (cubic

                                                        kilometers).
kilometers).        kilometers).        kilometers).

                                                       Amount of weed
Amount of weed      Amount of weed      Amount of weed      ..................

                                                        harvested at
harvested at        harvested at        harvested at

                                                        Liwonde barrage
Liwonde barrage     Liwonde barrage     Liwonde barrage

                                                        (metric tons).
(metric tons).      (metric tons).      (metric tons).



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              400 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 11, 2016 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Quarterly Report (October 1, 2013-December 31, 2014)
Pages 70139 - 70171 [FR DOC # 2016-24512]

LENGTH: 21525  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 MILLENNIUM CHALLENGE CORPORATION [MCC FR 16-07] Notice of Quarterly Report
(October 1, 2013--December 31, 2014) AGENCY: Millennium Challenge Corporation.
ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Millennium Challenge Corporation (MCC) is reporting for the fiscal year (FY)
quarters October 1, 2013 to December 31, 2014, on assistance provided under
section 605 of the Millennium Challenge Act of 2003 (22 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.), as
amended (the Act), and on transfers or allocations of funds to other federal
agencies under section 619(b) of the Act. The following report will be made
available to the public by publication in the Federal Register and on the
Internet Web site of the MCC (www.mcc.gov) in accordance with section 612(b) of
the Act.

Dated: October 5, 2016. Sarah E. Fandell, VP/General Counsel and Corporate
Secretary, Millennium Challenge Corporation. As used in MCC's disclosures under
section 605 of the Act:  ``Total Obligation'' for listed Compacts includes both

 ``Compact Implementation Funding'' under section 609(g) of the Act as

 well as funding under section 605 of the Act.

      ``Disbursements'' are cash outlays rather than

 expenditures.

      ``Measures'' are the same Key Performance Indicators that

 MCC reports each quarter. The Key Performance Indicators may change

 over time to more accurately reflect compact implementation progress.

 The unit for these measures is ``a number of'' unless otherwise

 indicated.

      ``Program Administration and Control'' funds are used to

 pay items such as salaries, rent, and the cost of office equipment, as

 well as audit and oversight agent fees.

      ``Pending Subsequent Reports'' amounts represent

 disbursements made to the Compact permitted account that will be

 allocated to individual projects in subsequent quarters and reported as

 such in subsequent quarterly reports. The ``Cumulative Disbursements''

 amount for ``Pending Subsequent Reports'' represents the balance of

 such outlays remaining at the end of the reporting period.

      Closed Compacts do not have any quarterly disbursements;

 however, they are included in the report if deobligations took place

 during the reporting period. Closed Compacts include: Armenia, Benin I,

 Burkina Faso, Cabo Verde I, El Salvador I, Georgia I, Ghana I,

 Honduras, Lesotho I, Madagascar, Mali, Mongolia I, Morocco I,

 Mozambique, Namibia, Nicaragua, Tanzania and Vanuatu.

      Unless otherwise indicated, all programs and projects were

 solicited.



                                                               605
Assistance--Disbursements

                                                                [In United
States dollars]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                 Total       FY
2014      FY 2014      FY 2014      FY 2014      FY 2015      Cumulative

      Entity provided assistance       Program/project name    obligation
Quarter 1    Quarter 2    Quarter 3    Quarter 4    Quarter 1   disbursements

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Burkina Faso.......................  Agriculture Project...  141,510,059
11,393,735    9,790,338   15,405,386    8,402,118    3,324,525   140,420,941

                                      Bright 2 School          26,840,570
0            0            0            0            0    26,840,570

                                       Project.

                                      Land Tenure Project...   58,434,615
3,975,944    5,654,577    7,801,917    9,865,824    3,447,221    58,244,614

                                      Monitoring and            7,880,000
424,223      242,078       67,134      437,447      191,644     4,669,395

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
-507,539      484,451      453,947     -754,421     -180,104       363,539

                                       Report.

                                      Program Administration   49,758,545
2,404,048    1,718,737    2,052,781    2,175,099    2,480,361    48,345,809

                                       and Control.

                                      Roads Project.........  194,530,681
13,041,011   24,609,125   31,397,256   29,573,406   17,544,857   193,891,857


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Burkina Faso....  478,954,470
30,731,422   42,499,307   57,178,420   49,699,473   26,808,504   472,776,725

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Cabo Verde II......................  Land Management For      17,260,000
615,975      559,468      333,731      490,929      259,147     3,268,991

                                       Investment Projects.

                                      Monitoring and            1,390,000
566       -1,481       10,220       11,150       10,735        36,765

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
69,969      -62,154       22,752      -11,104        6,032        25,495

                                       Report.

                                      Program Administration    7,850,000
258,835      349,255      320,156      343,206      270,631     2,841,607

                                       and Control.

                                      Water, Sanitation and    39,730,000
501,339      200,358      678,551      898,674    1,267,782     4,050,504

                                       Hygiene Project.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Cabo Verde II...   66,230,000
1,446,684    1,045,446    1,365,409    1,732,856    1,814,326    10,223,361

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 El Salvador II.....................  Business Development      3,300,000
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Services.

                                      Human Capital Project.      900,000
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                      Infrastructure Project    1,500,000
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                      Monitoring and              400,000
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Report.

                                      Program Administration    3,900,000
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       and Control.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total El Salvador II..   10,000,000
0            0            0            0            0             0

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Georgia II.........................  Education Project.....   76,500,000
44,290      159,933      140,131        1,294      331,945       677,594

                                      Monitoring and            3,500,000
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
209,055      -77,780      177,616       51,163     -320,798        39,256

                                       Report.

                                      Program Administration   14,000,000
505,624      407,151      334,171      391,417      736,270     2,374,633

                                       and Control.

                                      Tertiary Education       30,000,000
431,731      388,954      199,789    1,463,627    1,532,985     4,017,085

                                       Project.

                                      Vocational Education     16,000,000
0            0            0            0       69,300        69,300

                                       Project.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Georgia II......  140,000,000
1,190,700      878,258      851,707    1,907,501    2,349,702     7,177,868

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Ghana..............................  Administrative........            0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                      Agriculture Project...  188,731,530
-407,393            0      407,393     -180,293            0   188,731,530

                                      Infrastructure Project            0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                      Monitoring and            6,941,811
0            0            0            0            0     6,941,811

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
3,700,000            0   -3,700,000            0            0             0

                                       Report.

                                      Program Administration   36,874,551
0            0            0            1            0    36,874,550

                                       and Control.

                                      Rural Development        76,030,565
0            0            0      127,291            0    76,030,565

                                       Project.



 [[Page 70140]]





                                      Transportation Project  227,710,512
-3,292,608            0    3,292,608       53,000            0   227,710,512


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Ghana...........  536,288,969
0            0            0            0            0   536,288,968

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Ghana II...........................  Access to Electricity       700,000
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Project.

                                      Energy Efficiency and             0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Demand Side

                                       Management Project.

                                      Financial and             7,600,800
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Operational

                                       Turnaround

                                       (Electricity Company

                                       of Ghana 1).

                                      Financial and             3,529,000
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Operational

                                       Turnaround (Northern

                                       Electricity

                                       Distribution Company).

                                      Financial and                     0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Operational

                                       Turnaround

                                       (Electricity Company

                                       of Ghana 2).

                                      Monitoring and            1,510,000
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Report.

                                      Power Generation          4,854,800
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Sector Improvement

                                       Project.

                                      Program Administration    7,455,400
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       and Control.

                                      Regulatory                3,250,000
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Strengthening and

                                       Capacity Building

                                       Project.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Ghana II........   28,900,000
0            0            0            0            0             0

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Indonesia..........................  Community Nutrition     129,500,000
5,335       36,978      181,792      253,944   11,822,595    34,759,317

                                       Project.

                                      Green Prosperity        332,500,000
34,962       62,580       66,609      141,356      777,506     1,182,494

                                       Project.

                                      Monitoring and           12,200,000
0            0            0            0      720,664       720,664

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
317,285     -120,503      377,840     -174,359      256,222       729,754

                                       Report.

                                      Procurement              50,000,000
351,912      341,260      471,128      816,074    1,925,931     4,009,914

                                       Modernization Project.

                                      Program Administration   75,800,000
1,402,143    1,512,095    1,954,049    2,499,064    2,322,534    13,595,118

                                       and Control.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Indonesia.......  600,000,000
2,111,637    1,832,410    3,051,419    3,536,080   17,825,452    54,997,260

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Jordan.............................  Expansion of             97,120,950
15,128,511   11,768,335      940,143    9,282,359    1,248,335    76,116,031

                                       Wastewater Treatment

                                       Capacity.

                                      Monitoring and            2,809,894
21,610       28,847      219,805       21,662       21,675       375,783

                                       Evaluation.

                                       Pending Subsequent               0
-35,119        4,053       -5,097       23,043        3,021        34,447

                                       Report.

                                      Program Administration   19,650,805
386,135      467,561      429,410      490,247      575,135     4,326,590

                                       and Control.

                                      Wastewater Collection.   66,989,225
3,532,261    2,768,093    3,419,241    5,502,460    4,992,258    32,752,377

                                      Water Network            88,529,127
3,669,481    4,160,537    2,180,324    3,954,905    6,103,494    24,484,800

                                       Restructuring and

                                       Rehabilitation.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Jordan..........  275,100,000
22,702,880   19,197,425    7,183,826   19,274,676   12,943,918   138,090,029

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Lesotho............................  Capacity Building.....            0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                      Civil/Legal Sector                0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Support.

                                      Health Sector Project.  143,650,195
15,919,722     -753,987       23,881            0            0   143,650,195

                                      Land Tenure Project...            0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                      Monitoring and            5,500,728
256,974      181,013            0            0            0     5,500,728

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
-199,501            1      -12,942            0            0             0

                                       Report.

                                      Private Sector           24,162,433
1,986,028            0            0            0            0    24,162,433

                                       Development Project.

                                      Procurement and                   0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Administration.

                                      Program Administration   34,918,925
2,188,853      101,302      -10,939            0            0    34,918,925

                                       and Control.

                                      Water Sector Project..  149,813,612
14,004,878           -1            0            0            0   149,813,612


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Lesotho.........  358,045,892
34,156,953     -471,671            0            0            0   358,045,892

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Malawi.............................  Gender Integration                0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Project.

                                      Monitoring and            6,960,100
35,880      143,520            0            0        1,131       186,464

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Natural Resource         28,026,000
213,866       91,018      379,585      300,685       10,819       995,972

                                       Management Project.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
248,392     -180,088      -11,041       45,236       -6,728       250,859

                                       Report.

                                      Power Project.........  255,648,800
572,012      134,447    1,035,243    2,253,940    1,735,978     5,731,621

                                      Power Sector Reform      25,553,400
221,705      249,385      724,681      718,116    1,335,602     3,472,531

                                       Project.

                                      Program Administration   34,511,700
1,027,028    1,383,181    2,356,867    1,627,106    1,629,994     9,346,909

                                       and Control.

                                      Total Malawi..........  350,700,000
2,318,884    1,821,463    4,485,335    4,945,082    4,706,796    19,984,357

 Mali...............................  Alatona Irrigation      252,895,691
0            0            0            0            0    252,895,69

                                       Project.

                                      Bamako-Senou Airport    143,371,915
0            0            0      -31,476            0   143,371,915

                                       Improvement Project.

                                      Industrial Park           2,637,472
0            0            0            0            0     2,637,472

                                       Project.

                                      Monitoring and            1,688,026
0            0            0            0            0     1,688,027

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Report.

                                      Program Administration   35,003,642
0            0            0            0            0    35,003,642

                                       and Control.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Mali............  435,596,747
0            0            0      -31,476            0   435,596,747

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Moldova............................  Monitoring and            3,538,930
213,834       63,212      382,519      220,343       14,623     1,634,272

                                       Evaluation.



 [[Page 70141]]





                                      Pending Subsequent                0
-118,059      199,517      810,446     -293,684     -594,765       134,081

                                       Report.

                                      Program Administration   23,247,668
1,223,387      813,895      832,821      836,381      905,775    13,680,202

                                       and Control.

                                      Road Rehabilitation     112,390,000
20,756,036    2,755,131   11,349,069   14,836,137   21,216,346   101,421,448

                                       Project.

                                      Transition To High      122,823,402
9,798,457    4,753,661   15,362,042   10,226,080   12,254,189    72,924,459

                                       Value Agriculture

                                       Project.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Moldova.........  262,000,000
31,873,654    8,585,415   28,736,897   25,825,256   33,796,167   189,794,463

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Mongolia...........................  Energy and               40,420,819
275,302       14,282       17,246            0            0    40,420,819

                                       Environmental Project.

                                      Health Project........   41,873,775
3,261,083       18,608            0            0            0    41,873,776

                                      Monitoring and            5,085,246
392,984            0            0            0            0     5,085,246

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
-615,790      -57,984            0            0            0             0

                                       Report.

                                      Program Administration   28,610,318
1,328,261      662,064      149,507      -74,754            0    28,610,318

                                       and Control.

                                      Property Rights          28,543,830
318,125       20,212            0            0            0    28,543,830

                                       Project.

                                      Rail Project..........      369,560
0            0            0            0            0       369,560

                                      Roads Project.........   74,775,867
6,147,460        4,236            0            0            0    74,775,867

                                      Vocational Education     49,322,727
111,456       17,530            0            0            0    49,322,727

                                       Project.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Mongolia........  269,002,143
11,218,881      678,948      166,754      -74,754            0   269,002,143

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Morocco............................  Artisan and Fez Medina   84,019,666
15,726,838     -323,055      329,816            0            0    84,019,666

                                       Project.

                                      Enterprise Support       15,126,518
3,211           49            0            0            0    15,126,518

                                       Project.

                                      Financial                         0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Accountability.

                                      Financial Services       42,817,020
1,928,094            0            0            0            0    42,817,020

                                       Project.

                                      Fruit Tree              324,163,440
30,388,407            1            0            0            0   323,369,991

                                       Productivity Project.

                                      Monitoring and           16,255,526
2,789,915            0            0            0            0    16,255,526

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
-1,053,506     -136,770      -46,373            0            0             0

                                       Report.

                                      Program Administration   56,500,517
3,891,292          -18       26,022            0            0    56,500,517

                                       and Control.

                                      Rural Development                 0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Project.

                                      Small-Scale Fisheries   111,281,204
18,507,220      310,950     -309,465            0            0   111,281,204

                                       Project.

                                      Transportation Project            0
0            0            0            0            0             0


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Morocco.........  650,163,890
72,181,470     -148,843            0            0            0   649,370,442

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Mozambique.........................  Farmer Income Support    18,857,349
1,855,435       19,893            0            0            0    18,857,349

                                       Project.

                                      Land Tenure Project...   39,466,421
3,668,233      -31,999            0            0            0    39,466,421

                                      Monitoring and            4,073,077
851,699       21,760            0            0            0     4,073,077

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
-2,837,741   -3,115,537      -46,329            0            0             0

                                       Report.

                                      Program Administration   48,483,703
6,187,513    1,870,307       46,329      706,997            0    48,483,703

                                       and Control.

                                      Rehabilitation/         136,802,301
17,844,298       95,729            0            0            0   136,802,301

                                       Construction Of Roads

                                       Project.

                                      Water Supply and        200,221,661
23,300,256    2,150,510            0            0            0   200,221,661

                                       Sanitation Project.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Mozambique......  447,904,512
50,869,694    1,010,662            0      706,997            0   447,904,512

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Namibia............................  Agriculture Project...   51,439,139
3,092,659    4,301,409    3,858,573    2,064,357    2,237,463    50,029,275

                                      Education Project.....  141,886,916
12,286,634    8,956,394    9,803,025   13,032,538    4,370,143   137,237,213

                                      Monitoring and            6,886,182
84,364      290,198      632,806      672,659      773,743     6,415,390

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
1,676,086     -516,092   -7,268,389      310,960      646,860     3,716,700

                                       Report.

                                      Program Administration   35,789,383
1,665,196    1,235,533    1,423,372    1,598,913    3,994,297    33,365,598

                                       and Control.

                                      Rural Development                 0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Project.

                                      Tourism Project.......   68,475,842
4,619,357    5,669,962   11,283,451   10,496,386    6,288,359    65,464,315


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Namibia.........  304,477,463
23,424,296   19,937,405   19,732,839   28,175,814   18,310,864   296,228,491

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Philippines........................  Community Development   120,000,000
4,129,561    7,696,771    7,155,121    7,748,991    7,125,483    75,901,515

                                       Grants Project.

                                      KALAHI-CIDSS Project..            0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                      Monitoring and            8,207,000
173,308      135,260       99,022      139,294      168,264     2,027,532

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
2,111,447       21,877   -1,617,650      911,404   -1,092,558     5,058,482

                                       Report.

                                      Program Administration   36,910,000
1,060,649    1,075,900    1,114,616    1,113,703    1,468,306    14,398,261

                                       and Control.

                                      Revenue Administration   54,300,000
55,909    1,125,801    2,645,058      875,506    1,116,814    11,666,358

                                       Reform Project.

                                      Roads Project.........  214,493,000
7,517,140    3,797,637    8,678,866   16,632,689   10,530,412    95,566,371


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Philippines.....  433,910,000
15,048,013   13,853,246   18,075,033   27,421,587   19,316,721   204,618,519

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Senegal............................  Demand Assessment.....            0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                      Irrigation............  170,341,171
8,082,655   16,444,544   19,022,475   12,166,091   15,456,116   100,655,919

                                      Land Tenure Project...            0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                      Monitoring and            3,757,500
16,716       28,420       24,849       41,683      128,216       774,411

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
-719,147      166,031     -535,530      249,080       22,606       568,061

                                       Report.

                                      Pre-Feasibility and               0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Feasibility Analysis.

                                      Program Administration   41,188,830
1,212,154    1,243,739    1,768,298    1,290,872    1,433,630    20,493,819

                                       and Control.

                                      Roads Project.........  324,712,499
10,925,884   16,542,582   25,570,082   17,326,600   24,658,251   135,713,053


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Senegal.........  540,000,000
19,518,262   34,425,315   45,850,174   31,074,326   41,698,818   258,205,264

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [[Page 70142]]





 Tanzania...........................  Energy Sector Project.  199,461,627
22,613,285            0            0            0            0   199,461,627

                                      Monitoring and            4,632,363
387,554            0            0            0            0     4,632,363

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                       Report.

                                       Program                 30,480,760
1,631,748       10,372            0            0            0    30,480,760

                                       Administration and

                                       Control.

                                      Transport Sector        405,402,512
44,755,778            0            0            0            0   405,402,512

                                       Project.

                                      Water Sector Project..   54,568,652
5,093,064            0            0            0            0    54,568,652


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Tanzania........  694,545,914
74,481,428       10,372            0            0            0   694,545,914

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Zambia.............................  Infrastructure Project            0
0            0            0            0            0             0

                                      Monitoring and            5,841,000
0        6,843        1,268            0            0        25,999

                                       Evaluation.

                                      Pending Subsequent                0
-17,617       18,233       58,777        6,634        7,788       110,436

                                       Report.

                                      Program Administration   38,823,951
1,716,377    1,050,630    1,612,473    1,673,344    1,928,332    10,096,838

                                       and Control.

                                      Water Supply and          8,137,125
0            0   -1,324,821            0    1,205,107     8,017,411

                                       Sanitation Project.

                                      Water Supply,           301,955,564
62,473       80,042      173,719      529,434      322,397     1,456,503

                                       Sanitation and

                                       Drainage Project.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------

                                      Total Zambia..........  354,757,640
1,761,233    1,155,748      521,417    2,209,413    3,463,624    19,707,186

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------





                                                                 605
Assistance--Measures

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------


FY 2014                                           FY 2015

              Country                  Objectives
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------

                                                            Quarter 1
Quarter 2           Quarter 3           Quarter 4           Quarter 1

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Burkina Faso....................  Agriculture         Hectares of new
Hectares of new     Hectares of new     Hectares of new

                                    Development         perimeter
perimeter           perimeter           perimeter

                                    Project             development in Di.
development in Di.  development in Di.  development in Di.

                                    Objectives:        Responsible
Responsible         Responsible         Responsible

                                    Expanded            members of Water
members of Water    members of Water    members of Water

                                    productive use of   User Associations   User
Associations   User Associations   User Associations

                                    land in order to    trained in the
trained in the      trained in the      trained in the

                                    increase the        Sourou.
Sourou.             Sourou.             Sourou.

                                    volume and value   Farmers trained...
Farmers trained...  Farmers trained...  Farmers trained...

                                    of agricultural    Farmers who have
Farmers who have    Farmers who have    Farmers who have

                                    production in       applied improved
applied improved    applied improved    applied improved

                                    Project Zones.      practices as a
practices as a      practices as a      practices as a

                                                        result of
result of           result of           result of

                                                        training.
training.           training.           training.

                                                       Local water         Local
water         Local water         Local water

                                                        committees
committees          committees          committees

                                                        established and
established and     established and     established and

                                                        operational in
operational in      operational in      operational in

                                                        the Como[eacute]    the
Como[eacute]    the Como[eacute]    the Como[eacute]

                                                        and Mouhoun.        and
Mouhoun.        and Mouhoun.        and Mouhoun.

                                                       Basin Water         Basin
Water         Basin Water         Basin Water

                                                        Resources
Resources           Resources           Resources

                                                        Development and
Development and     Development and     Development and

                                                        Management Master
Management Master   Management Master   Management Master

                                                        Plan developed      Plan
developed      Plan developed      Plan developed

                                                        and validated.      and
validated.      and validated.      and validated.

                                                       Hectares under
Hectares under      Hectares under      Hectares under

                                                        improved
improved            improved            improved

                                                        practices as a
practices as a      practices as a      practices as a

                                                        result of
result of           result of           result of

                                                        training.
training.           training.           training.

                                   BRIGHT II School    Percent of girls
Percent of girls    Percent of girls    Percent of girls

                                    Project             regularly
regularly           regularly           regularly

                                    Objectives:         attending (90
attending (90       attending (90       attending (90

                                    Increased primary   percent
percent             percent             percent

                                    school completion   attendance)
attendance)         attendance)         attendance)

                                    rates for girls.    BRIGHT II schools.
BRIGHT II schools.  BRIGHT II schools.  BRIGHT II schools.

                                                       Girls promotion     Girls
promotion     Girls promotion     Girls promotion

                                                        rates to next
rates to next       rates to next       rates to next

                                                        grade in BRIGHT
grade in BRIGHT     grade in BRIGHT     grade in BRIGHT

                                                        II schools.         II
schools.         II schools.         II schools.

                                                       Percent of girls
Percent of girls    Percent of girls    Percent of girls

                                                        dropping out of
dropping out of     dropping out of     dropping out of

                                                        school.
school.             school.             school.



 [[Page 70143]]





                                                       Percent of girls
Percent of girls    Percent of girls    Percent of girls

                                                        passing the
passing the         passing the         passing the

                                                        annual Primary
annual Primary      annual Primary      annual Primary

                                                        Certificate exam
Certificate exam    Certificate exam    Certificate exam

                                                        in BRIGHT II        in
BRIGHT II        in BRIGHT II        in BRIGHT II

                                                        schools.
schools.            schools.            schools.

                                                       Students enrolled
Students enrolled   Students enrolled   Students enrolled

                                                        in BRIGHT II        in
BRIGHT II        in BRIGHT II        in BRIGHT II

                                                        schools (both
schools (both       schools (both       schools (both

                                                        girls and boys).
girls and boys).    girls and boys).    girls and boys).

                                   Land Tenure         Stakeholders
Stakeholders        Stakeholders        Stakeholders

                                    Project             trained.
trained.            trained.            trained.

                                    Objectives:        Rural hectares      Rural
hectares      Rural hectares      Rural hectares

                                    Increased           formalized in the
formalized in the   formalized in the   formalized in the

                                    investment in       new zone of Di,     new
zone of Di,     new zone of Di,     new zone of Di,

                                    land and rural      targeted under
targeted under      targeted under      targeted under

                                    productivity        the Agriculture     the
Agriculture     the Agriculture     the Agriculture

                                    through improved    Development
Development         Development         Development

                                    land tenure         project.
project.            project.            project.

                                    security and land  Land                Land
Land                Land

                                    management.         administration
administration      administration      administration

                                                        offices
offices             offices             offices

                                                        established or
established or      established or      established or

                                                        upgraded.
upgraded.           upgraded.           upgraded.

                                                       Municipal
Municipal           Municipal           Municipal

                                                        buildings
buildings           buildings           buildings

                                                        constructed.
constructed.        constructed.        constructed.

                                                       Rural land          Rural
and           Rural land          Rural land          ..................

                                                        possession
possession          possession          possession

                                                        certificates
certificates        certificates        certificates

                                                        approved by the
approved by the     approved by the     approved by the

                                                        local government.
local government.   local government.   local government.

                                                       Land conflicts      Land
conflicts      Land conflicts      Land conflicts      ..................

                                                        recorded in the
recorded in the     recorded in the     recorded in the

                                                        17 communes of      17
communes of      17 communes of      17 communes of

                                                        phase I of the
phase I of the      phase I of the      phase I of the

                                                        Rural Land
Rural Land          Rural Land          Rural Land

                                                        Governance
Governance          Governance          Governance

                                                        project.
project.            project.            project.

                                                       Land resolved in    Land
resolved in    Land resolved in    Land resolved in    ..................

                                                        the 17 communes     the
17 communes     the 17 communes     the 17 communes

                                                        of Phase I of the   of
Phase I of the   of Phase I of the   of Phase I of the

                                                        Rural Land
Rural Land          Rural Land          Rural Land

                                                        Governance
Governance          Governance          Governance

                                                        project.
project.            project.            project.

                                   Roads Project       Periodic road
Periodic road       Periodic road       Periodic road

                                    Objectives:         maintenance
maintenance         maintenance         maintenance

                                    Enhanced access     coverage rate
coverage rate       coverage rate       coverage rate

                                    to markets          (for all funds)     (for
all funds)     (for all funds)     (for all funds)

                                    through             (percent).
(percent).          (percent).          (percent).

                                    investments in     Kilometers of
Kilometers of       Kilometers of       Kilometers of

                                    the road network.   primary roads
primary roads       primary roads       primary roads

                                                        completed.
completed.          completed.          completed.

                                                       Percent disbursed
Percent disbursed   Percent disbursed   Percent disbursed   ..................

                                                        of road             of
road             of road             of road

                                                        construction
construction        construction        construction

                                                        contracts
contracts           contracts           contracts

                                                        (primary roads).
(primary roads).    (primary roads).    (primary roads).

                                                       Kilometers of
Kilometers of       Kilometers of       Kilometers of       ..................

                                                        rural roads
rural roads         rural roads         rural roads

                                                        completed.
completed.          completed.          completed.

                                                       Percent disbursed
Percent disbursed   Percent disbursed   Percent disbursed   ..................

                                                        of road             of
road             of road             of road

                                                        construction
construction        construction        construction

                                                        contracts (rural
contracts (rural    contracts (rural    contracts (rural

                                                        roads).
roads).             roads).             roads).



 [[Page 70144]]





 Cabo Verde II...................  Land Management     Legal and           Legal
and           Legal and           Legal and           Legal and

                                    for Investment      regulatory
regulatory          regulatory          regulatory          regulatory

                                    Projects            reforms adopted.
reforms adopted.    reforms adopted.    reforms adopted.    reforms adopted.

                                    Objectives:        Field test of       Field
test of       Field test of       Field test of       Field test of

                                    Increased           ``Fieldwork
``Fieldwork         ``Fieldwork         ``Fieldwork         ``Fieldwork

                                    investments in      Operations
Operations          Operations          Operations          Operations

                                    and value of        Manual'' and
Manual'' and        Manual'' and        Manual'' and        Manual'' and

                                    property;           methodology
methodology         methodology         methodology         methodology

                                    improved ease of    completed on Sal.
completed on Sal.   completed on Sal.   completed on Sal.   completed on Sal.

                                    doing business;    Stakeholders
Stakeholders        Stakeholders        Stakeholders

                                    increased           receiving formal
receiving formal    receiving formal    receiving formal

                                    investments and     on-the-job
on-the-job          on-the-job          on-the-job

                                    value added in      training or
training or         training or         training or

                                    tourism;            technical
technical           technical           technical

                                    increased           assistance
assistance          assistance          assistance

                                    employment.         regarding roles,
regarding roles,    regarding roles,    regarding roles,

                                                        responsibilities
responsibilities    responsibilities    responsibilities

                                                        or new              or
new              or new              or new

                                                        technologies.
technologies.       technologies.       technologies.


Percent of


targeted surface


area on target


island (Sal)


incorporated into


the Land


Management


Information and


Transaction


System (LMITS).


Households in


intervention


island(s) of high


tourism


investment


potential with


land rights


formalized


through project.


Parcels corrected


or incorporated


in land system.


Land


administration


offices


established or


upgraded.


Adoption of


``Operations


Manual'' for the


Rights and


Boundaries


Activity


fieldwork in full


force and effect.



 [[Page 70145]]





                                   Water, Sanitation,  Value of implicit   Value
of implicit   Value of implicit   Value of implicit   Value of implicit

                                    and Hygiene         subsidy reduction
subsidy reduction   subsidy reduction   subsidy reduction   subsidy reduction

                                    Project             (U.S. dollars).
(U.S. dollars).     (U.S. dollars).     (U.S. dollars).     (U.S. dollars).

                                    Objectives:        Operating cost
Operating cost      Operating cost      Operating cost      Operating cost

                                    Increased access    coverage
coverage            coverage            coverage            coverage

                                    to improved water   (percent).
(percent).          (percent).          (percent).          (percent).

                                    and sanitation;    Service coverage
Service coverage    Service coverage    Service coverage    Service coverage

                                    reduced household   by corporatized     by
corporatized     by corporatized     by corporatized     by corporatized

                                    costs for water;    utilities
utilities           utilities           utilities           utilities

                                    reduced incidence   (percent).
(percent).          (percent).          (percent).          (percent).

                                    of waterborne      Continuity of
Continuity of       Continuity of       Continuity of       Continuity of

                                    disease; improved   service (hours/
service (hours/     service (hours/     service (hours/     service (hours/

                                    capital             day).
day).               day).               day).               day).

                                    accumulation;      Objective measure
Objective measure   Objective measure   Objective measure   Objective measure

                                    increase            of water quality    of
water quality    of water quality    of water quality    of water quality

                                    productive          (percent.
(percent.           (percent.           (percent.           (percent).

                                    government         Non-revenue water
Non-revenue water   Non-revenue water   Non-revenue water   Non-revenue water

                                    spending.           for Multiple        for
Multiple        for Multiple        for Multiple        for Multiple

                                                        Municipal Utility/
Municipal Utility/  Municipal Utility/  Municipal Utility/  Municipal Utility/

                                                        utilities
utilities           utilities           utilities           utilities

                                                        (percent).
(percent).          (percent).          (percent).          (percent).

                                                       Value of signed     Value
of signed     Value of signed     Value of signed     Value of signed

                                                        water and
water and           water and           water and           water and

                                                        sanitation
sanitation          sanitation          sanitation          sanitation

                                                        construction
construction        construction        construction        construction

                                                        contracts.
contracts.          contracts.          contracts.          works contracts.

                                                       Percent disbursed
Percent disbursed   Percent disbursed   Percent disbursed   Percent disbursed

                                                        of water and        of
water and        of water and        of water and        of water and

                                                        sanitation
sanitation          sanitation          sanitation          sanitation

                                                        construction
construction        construction        construction        construction

                                                        contracts.
contracts.          contracts.          contracts.          works contracts.

                                                       Strategic National
Strategic National  Strategic National  Strategic National  Strategic National

                                                        Master Plan and
Master Plan and     Master Plan and     Master Plan and     Master Plan and

                                                        Strategic
Strategic           Strategic           Strategic           Strategic

                                                        Environmental and
Environmental and   Environmental and   Environmental and   Environmental and

                                                        Social Assessment
Social Assessment   Social Assessment   Social Assessment   Social Assessment

                                                        approved by
approved by         approved by         approved by         approved by

                                                        appropriate
appropriate         appropriate         appropriate         appropriate

                                                        authorities.
authorities.        authorities.        authorities.        authorities.

                                                       Value of signed     Value
of signed     Value of signed     Value of signed     Value of signed

                                                        water and
water and           water and           water and           water and

                                                        sanitation
sanitation          sanitation          sanitation          sanitation

                                                        feasibility and
feasibility and     feasibility and     feasibility and     feasibility and

                                                        design contracts.
design contracts.   design contracts.   design contracts.   design contracts.

                                                       Percent disbursed
Percent disbursed   Percent disbursed   Percent disbursed   Percent disbursed

                                                        of water and        of
water and        of water and        of water and        of water and

                                                        sanitation
sanitation          sanitation          sanitation          sanitation

                                                        feasibility and
feasibility and     feasibility and     feasibility and     feasibility and

                                                        design contracts.
design contracts.   design contracts.   design contracts.   design contracts.

                                                       Percent disbursed
Percent disbursed   Percent disbursed   Percent disbursed   Percent disbursed

                                                        of technical        of
technical        of technical        of technical        of technical

                                                        advisory services
advisory services   advisory services   advisory services   advisory services

                                                        and training        and
training        and training        and training        and training

                                                        contracts in
contracts in        contracts in        contracts in        contracts in

                                                        support of the
support of the      support of the      support of the      support of the

                                                        Water, Sanitation
Water, Sanitation   Water, Sanitation   Water, Sanitation   Water, Sanitation

                                                        and Hygiene         and
Hygiene         and Hygiene         and Hygiene         and Hygiene

                                                        Project.
Project.            Project.            Project.            Project.

                                                       Value disbursed of  Value
disbursed of  Value disbursed of  Value disbursed of  Value disbursed of

                                                        Infrastructure
Infrastructure      Infrastructure      Infrastructure      Infrastructure

                                                        Grant Facility
Grant Facility      Grant Facility      Grant Facility      Grant Facility

                                                        Social Funds for
Social Funds for    Social Funds for    Social Funds for    Social Funds for

                                                        disadvantaged
disadvantaged       disadvantaged       disadvantaged       disadvantaged

                                                        groups and/or
groups and/or       groups and/or       groups and/or       groups and/or

                                                        poor households.    poor
households.    poor households.    poor households.    poor households.



 [[Page 70146]]





                                                       Value of all        Value
of all

                                                        signed technical
signed technical

                                                        advisory services
advisory services

                                                        and training        and
training

                                                        contracts in
contracts in

                                                        support of the
support of the

                                                        Water, Sanitation
Water, Sanitation

                                                        and Hygiene         and
Hygiene

                                                        Project.
Project.


Collection Ratio.


Multiple municipal


utilities staff


per 1,000 potable


water


connections.

 El Salvador II..................  Business            Measures pending..
Measures pending..  Measures pending..  Measures pending..  Measures pending.

                                    Development

                                    Services.

                                   Human Capital

                                    Project.

                                   Infrastructure

                                    Project.

 Georgia II......................  Education Project.  Measures pending..
Measures pending..  Measures pending..  Measures pending..  Schools fully


rehabilitated.


Science labs


installed and


equipped.


Percent disbursed


of educational


facility


construction,


rehabilitation,


and equipping


contracts.


School-based


professional


development


facilitators


trained.


School principals


trained.


Science, math,


English, and


information and


communication


technology


teachers trained.


Completion of


teacher training


design framework.


International


assessments


completed


Completion of


pilot testing of


national


assessment


instruments.

                                   Vocational          Measures pending..
Measures pending..  Measures pending..  Measures pending..  Students

                                    Education Project.
participating in


MCC-supported


Technical


Vocational


Education and


Training (TVET)


programs.


Industry co-


investment in


TVET provision.



 [[Page 70147]]






Date first grant


agreement is


signed.


Total grant


outlays.

                                   Tertiary Education  Measures pending..
Measures pending..  Measures pending..  Measures pending..  Students enrolled

                                    Project.
in MCC-supported


U.S. bachelor's


programs.


First cohort of


students enter


MCC-funded


science,


technology,


engineering and


math bachelor's


program.


Signing of


partnership


agreement between


the Government of


Georgia and


university


partner.


Georgian partner


university


faculty members


receiving


training from


U.S. partner


institution.

 Ghana II........................  Access to           Measures pending..
Measures pending..  Measures pending..  Measures pending..  Measures pending.

                                    Electricity

                                    Project.

                                   Energy Efficiency

                                    and Demand Side

                                    Management

                                    Project.

                                   Power Generation

                                    Sector

                                    Improvement

                                    Project.

                                   Regulatory

                                    Strengthening and

                                    Capacity Building

                                    Project.

 Indonesia.......................  Community           Value of Generasi   Value
of Generasi   Value of Generasi   Value of Generasi   Value of Generasi

                                    Nutrition Project   block grants
block grants        block grants        block grants        block grants

                                    Objectives:         funded.
funded.             funded.             funded.             funded.

                                    Reduce and

                                    prevent low birth

                                    weight and

                                    childhood

                                    stunting and

                                    malnourishment of

                                    children in

                                    project areas,

                                    and to increase

                                    household income

                                    through cost

                                    savings,

                                    productivity

                                    growth and higher

                                    lifetime earnings.

                                   Service providers   Service providers
Service providers   Service providers   Service providers   Service providers

                                    trained on infant   trained on infant
trained on infant   trained on infant   trained on infant   trained on

                                    and young child     and young child     and
young child     and young child     and young child     mother, infant

                                    feeding.            feeding.
feeding.            feeding.            feeding.            and young child


feeding.



 [[Page 70148]]





                                   Communications      Communications
Communications      Communications      Communications      Date

                                    Campaign design     Campaign design
Campaign design     Campaign design     Campaign design     Communications

                                    complete.           complete.
complete.           complete.           complete.           Campaign design


complete.

                                   Micro-nutrient      Micro-nutrient
Micro-nutrient      Micro-nutrient      Micro-nutrient      Micro-nutrient

                                    packages            packages
packages            packages            packages            packages

                                    delivered (Iron     delivered (Iron
delivered (Iron     delivered (Iron     delivered (Iron     delivered (Iron

                                    Folic) (millions).  Folic) (millions).
Folic) (millions).  Folic) (millions).  Folic) (millions).  Folic).

                                                       Micro-nutrient
Micro-nutrient      Micro-nutrient      Micro-nutrient      Micro-nutrient

                                                        packages
packages            packages            packages            packages

                                                        delivered
delivered           delivered           delivered           delivered

                                                        (Taburia)
(Taburia)           (Taburia)           (Taburia)           (Taburia).

                                                        (millions).
(millions).         (millions).         (millions).

                                                       Generasi proposals
Generasi proposals  Generasi proposals  Generasi proposals

                                                       Generasi
Generasi            Generasi            Generasi

                                                        facilitators
facilitators        facilitators        facilitators

                                                        trained on
trained on          trained on          trained on

                                                        stunting and
stunting and        stunting and        stunting and

                                                        gender.
gender.             gender.             gender.


Sanitation


triggering


events.


Service providers


trained on growth


monitoring.

                                   Green Prosperity    Signed memoranda
Signed memoranda    Signed memoranda    Signed memoranda    Signed memoranda

                                    Project             of understanding    of
understanding    of understanding    of understanding    of understanding

                                    Objectives:         between the
between the         between the         between the         between the

                                    Increase            Indonesia
Indonesia           Indonesia           Indonesia           Indonesia

                                    productivity and    accountable
accountable         accountable         accountable         accountable

                                    reduce reliance     entity and
entity and          entity and          entity and          entity and

                                    on fossil fuels     districts.
districts.          districts.          districts.          districts.

                                    by expanding       Green Knowledge     Green
Knowledge     Green Knowledge     Green Knowledge     Green Knowledge

                                    renewable energy;   work plan           work
plan           work plan           work plan           work plan

                                    and Increase        completed.
completed.          completed.          completed.          completed.

                                    productivity and   Financial service
Financial service   Financial service   Financial service

                                    reduce land-based   provider
provider            provider            provider

                                    greenhouse gas      partnerships
partnerships        partnerships        partnerships

                                    emissions by        established (loan
established (loan   established (loan   established (loan

                                    improving land      agreement).
agreement).         agreement).         agreement).

                                    use practices and  Financial service
Financial service   Financial service   Financial service

                                    management of       provider
provider            provider            provider

                                    natural resources.  partnerships
partnerships        partnerships        partnerships

                                                        established
established         established         established

                                                        (grant
(grant              (grant              (grant

                                                        partnerships).
partnerships).      partnerships).      partnerships).

                                                       Financial service
Financial service   Financial service   Financial service

                                                        provider
provider            provider            provider

                                                        partnerships
partnerships        partnerships        partnerships

                                                        established
established         established         established

                                                        (grant managers).   (
grant managers).   (grant managers).   (grant managers).

                                                       Project financing
Project financing   Project financing   Project financing

                                                        approved by the
approved by the     approved by the     approved by the

                                                        Green Prosperity
Green Prosperity    Green Prosperity    Green Prosperity

                                                        Finance Facility.
Finance Facility.   Finance Facility.   Finance Facility.

                                                       Formal district
Formal district     Formal district     Formal district

                                                        adoption of
adoption of         adoption of         adoption of

                                                        guidelines for
guidelines for      guidelines for      guidelines for

                                                        participatory
participatory       participatory       participatory

                                                        village boundary
village boundary    village boundary    village boundary

                                                        setting.
setting.            setting.            setting.

                                                       Financial service
Financial service   Financial service   Financial service

                                                        provider
provider            provider            provider

                                                        partnerships
partnerships        partnerships        partnerships

                                                        established
established         established         established

                                                        (implementing
(implementing       (implementing       (implementing

                                                        entity
entity              entity              entity

                                                        agreements).
agreements).        agreements).        agreements).



 [[Page 70149]]





                                                       Project funds
Project funds       Project funds       Project funds

                                                        disbursed by the
disbursed by the    disbursed by the    disbursed by the

                                                        Technical
Technical           Technical           Technical

                                                        Assistance and
Assistance and      Assistance and      Assistance and

                                                        Oversight
Oversight           Oversight           Oversight

                                                        Activity
Activity            Activity            Activity

                                                        (percent).
(percent).          (percent).          (percent).


Hectares targeted


for improved


practices for


sustainable


agriculture


(including agro-


forestry) as a


result of Green


Prosperity-funded


projects and/or


partnerships.


Hectares targeted


for protection


through Green


Prosperity-funded


projects and/or


partnerships.


Additional


capacity of


renewable energy


planned.


Grant agreements


approved by Green


Prosperity


Finance Facility.


Villages assisted


in participatory


boundary setting.


District land use,


land cover, and


permits and


licenses


inventories


created.


Proposals that


receive project


preparation


support.

                                   Procurement         Procurement
Procurement         Procurement         Procurement         Procurement

                                    Modernization       management
management          management          management          management

                                    Project             information
information         information         information         information

                                    Objectives:         system adopted.
system adopted.     system adopted.     system adopted.     system adopted

                                    Achieve            Creation of
Creation of         Creation of         Creation of          (Phase I).

                                    significant         sustainable
sustainable         sustainable         sustainable        Date the

                                    government          procurement
procurement         procurement         procurement         sustainable

                                    expenditure         policy National
policy National     policy National     policy National     procurement

                                    savings on          Action Plan.
Action Plan.        Action Plan.        Action Plan.        policy National

                                    procured goods     Framework
Framework           Framework           Framework            Action Plan

                                    and services,       agreements signed
agreements signed   agreements signed   agreements signed   endorsed.

                                    while assuring      and catalogued.     and
catalogued.     and catalogued.     and catalogued.

                                    their quality      Procurement
Procurement         Procurement         Procurement

                                    satisfies the       Service Unit
Service Unit        Service Unit        Service Unit

                                    public need, and    staff trained.
staff trained.      staff trained.      staff trained.

                                    to achieve the     Creation of public
Creation of public  Creation of public  Creation of public

                                    delivery of         private
private             private             private

                                    public services     partnership
partnership         partnership         partnership

                                    as planned.         standard bidding
standard bidding    standard bidding    standard bidding

                                                        documents.
documents.          documents.          documents.


Date e-catalogue


system


established.


Mentor visits


conducted.



 [[Page 70150]]






Hours of training


conducted.

 Jordan..........................  Expansion Of        Treated wastewater
Treated wastewater  Treated wastewater  Treated wastewater  Treated wastewater

                                    Wastewater          used in             used
in             used in             used in             used in

                                    Treatment           agriculture (as a
agriculture (as a   agriculture (as a   agriculture (as a   agriculture (as a

                                    Capacity            percent of all
percent of all      percent of all      percent of all      percent of all

                                    Objectives:         water used for
water used for      water used for      water used for      water used for

                                    Increase the        irrigation in
irrigation in       irrigation in       irrigation in       irrigation in

                                    volume of treated   Northern and
Northern and        Northern and        Northern and        Northern and

                                    wastewater          Middle Jordan
Middle Jordan       Middle Jordan       Middle Jordan       Middle Jordan

                                    available as a      Valley).
Valley).            Valley).            Valley).            Valley).

                                    substitute for     Value disbursed of  Value
disbursed of  Value disbursed of  Value disbursed of  Value disbursed of

                                    freshwater in       construction
construction        construction        construction        construction

                                    agricultural use.   contracts; MCC
contracts; MCC      contracts; MCC      contracts; MCC      contracts; MCC

                                                        contribution.
contribution.       contribution.       contribution.       contribution.

                                                       Total engineering,  Total
engineering,  Total engineering,  Total engineering,  Total engineering,

                                                        procurement, and
procurement, and    procurement, and    procurement, and    procurement, and

                                                        construction
construction        construction        construction        construction

                                                        costs of As-Samra
costs of As-Samra   costs of As-Samra   costs of As-Samra   costs of As-Samra

                                                        Expansion.
Expansion.          Expansion.          Expansion.          Expansion.

                                   Wastewater          Sewer blockage      Sewer
blockage      Sewer blockage      Sewer blockage      Sewer blockage

                                    Collection          events; annual.
events; annual.     events; annual.     events; annual.     events; annual.

                                    Objectives:        Volume of
Volume of           Volume of           Volume of           Volume of

                                    Increase access     wastewater
wastewater          wastewater          wastewater          wastewater

                                    to the wastewater   collected;
collected;          collected;          collected;          collected;

                                    network, increase   (millions of
(millions of        (millions of        (millions of        (millions of

                                    the volume of       cubic meters per
cubic meters per    cubic meters per    cubic meters per    cubic meters per

                                    wastewater          year).
year).              year).              year).              year).

                                    collected and      Residential
Residential         Residential         Residential         Residential

                                    reduce the          population
population          population          population          population

                                    incidents of        connected to the
connected to the    connected to the    connected to the    connected to the

                                    sewage overflow.    sewer system
sewer system        sewer system        sewer system        sewer system

                                                        (percent).
(percent).          (percent).          (percent).          (percent).

                                                       Expand network
Expand network      Expand network      Expand network      Expand network

                                                        (kilometers).
(kilometers).       (kilometers).       (kilometers).       (kilometers).

                                                       Value disbursed of  Value
disbursed of  Value disbursed of  Value disbursed of  Value disbursed of

                                                        sanitation
sanitation          sanitation          sanitation          sanitation

                                                        construction
construction        construction        construction        construction

                                                        contracts.
contracts.          contracts.          contracts.          contracts.

                                   Water Network       Network water
Network water       Network water       Network water       Network water

                                    Restructuring and   consumption per
consumption per     consumption per     consumption per     consumption per

                                    Rehabilitation      capita
capita              capita              capita              capita

                                    Objectives:         (residential and
(residential and    (residential and    (residential and    (residential and

                                    Reduce water        non-residential);
non-residential);   non-residential);   non-residential);   non-residential);

                                    losses, improve     liters/capita/day.
liters/capita/day.  liters/capita/day.  liters/capita/day.  liters/capita/

                                    continuity of      Operating cost
Operating cost      Operating cost      Operating cost       day.

                                    water service and   coverage--Water
coverage--Water     coverage--Water     coverage--Water    Operating cost

                                    improve overall     Authority Jordan
Authority Jordan    Authority Jordan    Authority Jordan    coverage--Water

                                    efficiency and      Zarqa.
Zarqa.              Zarqa.              Zarqa.              Authority Jordan

                                    use of network     Non-Revenue Water
Non-Revenue Water   Non-Revenue Water   Non-Revenue Water    Zarqa.

                                    water delivery      (percent).
(percent).          (percent).          (percent).         Non-Revenue Water

                                    leading to         Continuity of
Continuity of       Continuity of       Continuity of        (percent).

                                    households          Supply time;
Supply time;        Supply time;        Supply time;       Continuity of

                                    substituting        hours per week.
hours per week.     hours per week.     hours per week.     Supply time;

                                    network water for  Restructured and
Restructured and    Restructured and    Restructured and     hours per week.

                                    costly              rehabilitated
rehabilitated       rehabilitated       rehabilitated      Restructured and

                                    alternatives.       primary and
primary and         primary and         primary and         rehabilitated

                                                        secondary
secondary           secondary           secondary           primary and

                                                        pipelines
pipelines           pipelines           pipelines           secondary

                                                        (kilometers).
(kilometers).       (kilometers).       (kilometers).       pipelines


(kilometers).

                                                       Restructured and
Restructured and    Restructured and    Restructured and    Restructured and

                                                        rehabilitated
rehabilitated       rehabilitated       rehabilitated       rehabilitated

                                                        tertiary
tertiary            tertiary            tertiary            tertiary

                                                        pipelines
pipelines           pipelines           pipelines           pipelines

                                                        (kilometers).
(kilometers).       (kilometers).       (kilometers).       (kilometers).



 [[Page 70151]]





                                                       Value disbursed of  Value
disbursed of  Value disbursed of  Value disbursed of  Value disbursed of

                                                        water
water               water               water               water

                                                        construction
construction        construction        construction        construction

                                                        contracts--Infras
contracts--Infras   contracts--Infras   contracts--Infras   contracts--Water

                                                        tructure Activity
tructure Activity   tructure Activity   tructure Activity   Network Project.

                                                        and Water Smart     and
Water Smart     and Water Smart     and Water Smart

                                                        Homes Activity.
Homes Activity.     Homes Activity.     Homes Activity.

                                                       National Aid Fund
National Aid Fund   National Aid Fund   National Aid Fund   National Aid Fund

                                                        households with
households with     households with     households with     households with

                                                        improved water
improved water      improved water      improved water      improved water

                                                        and wastewater      and
wastewater      and wastewater      and wastewater      and wastewater

                                                        network.
network.            network.            network.            network.

                                                       National Aid Fund
National Aid Fund   National Aid Fund   National Aid Fund   National Aid Fund

                                                        households
households          households          households          households

                                                        connected to the
connected to the    connected to the    connected to the    connected to the

                                                        wastewater
wastewater          wastewater          wastewater          wastewater

                                                        network as a
network as a        network as a        network as a        network as a

                                                        result of the
result of the       result of the       result of the       result of the

                                                        Water Smart Homes
Water Smart Homes   Water Smart Homes   Water Smart Homes   Water Smart Homes

                                                        Activity.
Activity.           Activity.           Activity.           Activity.

 Lesotho.........................  Health Sector       Deliveries
Compact closed....  Compact closed....  Compact closed....  Compact closed.

                                    Project             conducted in

                                    Objectives:         health centers

                                    Increase access     (percent).

                                    to life-extending  People with HIV

                                    anti-retroviral     still alive 12

                                    treatment and       months after

                                    essential health    initiation of

                                    services by         treatment

                                    providing a         (percent).

                                    sustainable        Tuberculosis

                                    delivery platform.  notifications

                                                        (per 100,000

                                                        population).

                                                       Health centers

                                                        equipped

                                                        (percent).

                                                       Physical

                                                        completion of

                                                        health center

                                                        facilities

                                                        (percent).

                                                       Physical

                                                        completion of

                                                        Outpatient

                                                        Departments

                                                        (percent).

                                                       Physical

                                                        completion of the

                                                        Botsabelo

                                                        facilities

                                                        (percent).

                                   Private Sector      Debit/smart cards
Compact closed....  Compact closed....  Compact closed....  Compact closed.

                                    Development         issued.

                                    Project            Bonds registered..

                                    Objectives:        Change in time for

                                    Stimulate           property

                                    investment by       transactions

                                    improving access    (percent).

                                    to credit,         Urban land parcels

                                    reducing            regularized and

                                    transaction costs   registered.

                                    and increasing     Stakeholders

                                    the participation   trained.

                                    of women in the    Time required to

                                    economy.            resolve

                                                        commercial

                                                        disputes (days).

                                                       Cases filed at the

                                                        commercial court.



 [[Page 70152]]





                                                       Women holding

                                                        titles to land.

                                                       People trained....

                                   Water Sector        Physical
Compact closed....  Compact closed....  Compact closed....  Compact closed.

                                    Project             completion of

                                    Objectives:         Metolong water

                                    Improve the water   treatment works

                                    supply for          contract

                                    industrial and      (percent).

                                    domestic needs,    Households with

                                    and enhance rural   provisions to

                                    livelihoods         connect to water

                                    through improved    networks.

                                    watershed          Non-revenue water

                                    management.         (percent).

                                                       Physical

                                                        completion of

                                                        Urban Water

                                                        supply works

                                                        contracts

                                                        (percent).

                                                       Ventilated

                                                        improved pit

                                                        latrines built.

                                                       Water points

                                                        constructed.

 Malawi..........................  Natural Resource    Value of signed     Value
of signed     Value of signed     Value of signed     Value of signed

                                    Management          weed and sediment   weed
and sediment   weed and sediment   weed and sediment   weed and sediment

                                    Project             management
management          management          management          management

                                    Objectives:         activity
activity            activity            activity            activity

                                    Increase            contracts.
contracts.          contracts.          contracts.          contracts.

                                    efficiency of      Distribution of
Distribution of     Distribution of     Distribution of

                                    hydropower          invasive aquatic
invasive aquatic    invasive aquatic    invasive aquatic

                                    generation.         species (cubic
species (cubic      species (cubic      species (cubic

                                                        kilometers).
kilometers).        kilometers).        kilometers).

                                                       Amount of weed
Amount of weed      Amount of weed      Amount of weed      ..................

                                                        harvested at
harvested at        harvested at        harvested at

                                                        Liwonde barrage
Liwonde barrage     Liwonde barrage     Liwonde barrage

                                                        (metric tons).
(metric tons).      (metric tons).      (metric tons).



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              401 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          North-West News (Australia)

                           August 19, 2009 Wednesday
                                  1 - Edition

Power to people

SECTION: Pg. 26

LENGTH: 169  words


WITH Queenslanders doing their best to save electricity, there has never been a
better time to install a renewable energy hot water system, according to
Stafford's NRG Home Energy Solutions.

Manager Jock Barton said Brisbane households had the potential to save energy
like they saved water during the drought.

``The average household water consumption dropped 45 per cent during the
drought, the question is can we do the same with power?'' he said.

Out of all renewable energy systems, Mr Barton said solar energy was the best.

``A good solar system will save 90 per cent of your hot water costs and will
really help your electricity consumption,'' he said.

``A good solar system will also last a lot longer than anything else.

``We found a Solahart system in Keperra that was installed in 1976 and it's
still working today.''

Mr Barton said federal government subsidies made solar hot water systems a lot
cheaper than some people thought.

He said Solahart was the cheapest and best system.

* Call NRG - Solahart on 3357 4155.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: NWN


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              402 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             Farmington Daily Times

                            February 20, 2004 Friday

Blanco declares water emergency, adopts water plan

BYLINE: Carol Cohea, The Daily Times

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 959 words


The Daily Times

BLANCO - The board of the Blanco Mutual Domestic Water Users Association on
Wednesday declared a water emergency effective immediately and adopted an
emergency water plan to get its users through the current water crisis.

Blanco remains under the boil-water alert that was issued Jan. 28. In addition,
the National Guard continues to supply water with a "water buffalo" water tank.
The American Red Cross continues to provide home delivery by request to
homebound elderly.

The purpose of the plan adopted Wednesday is to promote water conservation and
to curtail excessive use, the board told the close to three dozen water users
attending the special meeting.

The board also adopted and set a penalty plan for those who use more than 7,000
gallons of water a month. The penalty plan will go into effect March 1.

Letters will be sent to all users, notifying them of the board action and the
penalty structure.

The penalty plan calls for an assessment of $100 for every 1,000 gallons used
over the 7,000-gallon ceiling. A household using 1,000 gallons over the ceiling,
or 8,000 gallons, would be charged an additional $100 on the bill; a household
using 2,000 gallons over the 7,000 gallons, that would be 9,000 gallons, would
be charged an additional $200; a household using 3,000 gallons above the 7,000
gallons would be charged $300 and on up, the board agreed.

The penalty plan would not affect Blanco Elementary School, Blanco Senior Center
or Blanco Fire Department, the board said.

"The rates need to be set in stone any time there is a water emergency and it
will continue until the board determines there is not an emergency," said David
Shrum, vice president of the board.

The plans are necessary as a result of the current water crisis which began in
mid January when the water purification plant filter system was unable to handle
the turbid water.

The state Rural Water Association and state Finance Authority also require a
water plan and punitive rates to be adopted and in place in order for a
community to get further assistance.

On Feb. 11, Gov. Bill Richardson signed an executive order authorizing the
release of emergency funds for Blanco's water project.

The order authorized the release of $255,000 to the Finance Authority to be used
as matching funds for the already-approved grant through the state Finance
Authority of $765,000.

The emergency plan and penalty structure will now be sent to the state
Environment Department and Finance Authority officials.

"We are not pumping out of the plant at all. We're pumping totally out of the
secondary source. The plant is not capable of producing drinkable water at this
point," said board President Larry Martinez.

He estimated the community's three storage tanks are about 70 percent of
capacity, but not adequate for normal usage.

The conservation plan, he said, is to encourage people to come down in usage,
not to hurt or stifle anyone.

"We've got to do what we have to do. It's for the good of the whole community,"
he said.

He said the national standard usage rate for a household is 7,000 gallons a
month. Most Blanco water users average between 3,000 and 7,000 gallons with
about a third of the users at 3,000 gallons.

He said 40 percent of the households use between 4,000 and 7,000 gallons.

"The other people are using way above that. People who are abusing are depleting
it for everybody else. We don't want to punish people who are already conserving
water," he said.

Martinez said he and Donnie McClure, plant system manager, will be visiting the
households which have registered excessive use to inform them about the
emergency and the need to conserve. He said there are about 25 households.

He also pointed out that from now on, through the remainder of the growing
season and warm months, usage will not decrease.

"Usage will increase from here on because of more water use outdoors," Martinez
said.

It's estimated it may be between three to four months before the boil-water
alert is lifted unless the river settles down or a filter system is found to be
efficient.

"We're looking at another filter system now. We're looking at all options that
may deal with the problem we've got," Martinez said.

New filters were tried Feb. 11 but they failed to work.

"There was so much algae and moss in the river, the filters were plugged within
15 minutes," said Shrum.

He said the water is tested every week for bacteria.

"We have found none so far, but the boil-water alert is a precautionary measure.
The water is treated only with chlorine and the chlorine residual is higher than
normal use," he said.

The state is attributing most of the problems of the purification plant to the
drought conditions - the low river level, causing the lake turnover, leading to
the high turbidity level.

Turbidity is a measure of the light-transmitting properties of water. It's a
test used to indicate the clarity of water.

Between 1,300 and 1,500 customers, which make up 360 families, rely on the
13-mile long system for their water supply.

Next week the board is scheduled to meet with officials with the state
Environment Department and Finance Authority to determine how the Blanco water
project will proceed in order to get back to producing treated water and how
soon the money can be used, Martinez said.

He also said there is a policy in place to challenge the accuracy of a water
meter. If the meter is inaccurate, the degree of inaccuracy is credited to the
account. If it is accurate, a $75 fee plus the cost of removing the meter and
reinstalling it will be charged to the account.

Calls should be directed to the water association office at 325-5962.

Carol Cohea: carolc@daily-times.com

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2004 The Daily Times (Farmington, NM)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              403 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             July 17, 2010 Saturday
                         State Edition; Coastal Edition

Grants to replace wells,septic systems available

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 141 words


Homeowners in Hancock County who meet certain income guidelines may be eligible
for grant funds to replace inadequate wells or septic systems.

Funds are available through a Community Development Block Grant to replace an
estimated 24 septic systems and 10 wells across the county. The grant was
obtained through a collaborative effort of the Hancock County Planning
Commission and Washington Hancock Community Agency.

"Given the large number of households with defective wells and septic systems,
we need to focus funding on the households with the greatest need," said
planning commission executive director Tom Martin. "Those homes where current
water supply and waste disposal systems pose a health or safety threat will
receive priority."

For more information or to apply, contact Carol Lingle at WHCA,
clingle@whcacap.org, or 546-7544, ext. 3383.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Bangor Daily News


                              404 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                  The Clinch County News (Homerville, Georgia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 9, 2013

Programs available for those who need assistance with household water wells,
transportation for work

BYLINE: The Clinch County News staff

LENGTH: 230  words


Two programs are being offered through the Seven Rivers RC&D that would benefit
Clinch County citizens.

The Household Water Well program is made possible through a federal grant that
allows Seven Rivers to make loans to clients who meet federal income guidelines.
Seven Rivers loans citizens the money to get a new well or repair an existing
well at 1 percent interest for up to 10 years.

There are 49 clients currently participating in the program in the Seven Rivers
district, but none in Clinch County.

The Wheels to Work program provides transportation to work for low-income
clients through Seven Rivers. The program purchases and finances the vehicles at
0 percent interest with low monthly payments. To qualify for the program, a
person can't have a criminal record for the last seven years, or any traffic
violations for the last three years, and must have a job. GPS and "On-Time" are
installed on the vehicles. GPS helps locate the vehicle. The "On-Time" system
ensures payments are made on time. If not, the system shuts down the vehicle and
it won't start until payment is made.

There are 24 active participants in the program in the Seven Rivers district,
but none from Clinch County.

If interested in participating in the Household Water Well or Wheels to Work
program, contact Clinch County Commissioner Nan Mikell through the Clinch County
Commission office at 912-487-2667.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CCH

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2013 The Clinch County News


                              405 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Brownsville Herald (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 25, 2012 Wednesday

Colonias to benefit from $24.5M grant

BYLINE: Laura B. Martinez, The Brownsville Herald, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 244 words


April 25--Some 3,604 colonia residents living on the city's eastside will see
some improvements to the area in the form of wastewater services.

The Brownsville Public Utilities Board has received a $24.5 million grant that
will provide first time municipal wastewater services to residents living along
FM 802 and FM 511.

The BPUB discovered that funds were available and it applied for the grant
money, said Alicia Warner, spokeswoman for the agency.

The colonias including in the plan are Stuart Subdivision, King Subdivision,
Saldivar II, Barrio, Keller's Corner, Illinois Heights and other unnamed areas
near the Brownsville South Padre Island International Airport.

The grant is coming from the Texas Water Development Board which provides loans
and grants to local governments for water related projects to areas that are
economically distressed.

Officials said this area falls under the Economic Development Assistance
Program.

An economically distressed area is one, which has a median household income that
is not greater than 75 percent of the median state household income, according
to the TWDB.

A loan of $840,000 was also obtained which will be used for the actual
construction of the project.

Work on the project is scheduled to begin sometime in 2013 and should be
completed in 2015.

___ (c)2012 The Brownsville Herald (Brownsville, Texas) Visit The Brownsville
Herald (Brownsville, Texas) at www.brownsvilleherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120425-BV-Colonias-to-benefit-from-24.5M-grant-0425-20120425

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BV


                     Copyright 2012 The Brownsville Herald


                              406 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            February 17, 2014 Monday

Community Action Towards Climate Change Mitigation in Ehatokpe Community,
Ohimini LGA Benue State

LENGTH: 446  words


Project Number: NGA/SGP/OP5/Y2/CORE/CC/12/21
Country: Nigeria
Area Of Work: Climate Change Mitigation
Operational Phase: Phase 5
Grant Amount: US$ 33,000.00
Start Date: 6/2013
End Date: 5/2014
Status: Currently under execution
Project Description:


The project seeks to alleviate the impact of climate change on the community by
addressing problems of acute water scarcity, challenges of dry season farming
and boost agricultural production during dry season for sustainable livelihood.
As part of its project activities; 5 deep wells with concrete slabs will be
constructed and over- head tanks installed to provide water for at least 40
households in the community. Structures will also be raised to hold 5 rainwater
storage tanks, with roof tops and delivery systems to collect rain water from
catchment areas. This will provide water to at least 20 more households.
Capacity of 400 community members especially women will be built on irrigation
method of dry season farming using the community Dam, training on compost making
to boost climate friendly agricultural practices and also to discourage bush
burning, felling of trees and use of inorganic fertilizers. 1000 oil palm trees
and 1000 citrus seedlings will be planted. Selected members will also be trained
on how to preserve rain water. Involvement of the community in project planning,
design and execution will guarantee project sustainability as the installation
and management and
Grantee: EHATOKPE DEVELOMENT ASSOCIATION
Organisation Mission : For GEF SGP, the community-based approach is the
cornerstone for addressing local and global environmental and sustainable
development challenges. SGP provides grants to civil society organizations
(CSOs), notably national and local non-governmental organizations (NGOs),
community-based organizations (CBOs), and indigenous peoples organizations. SGP
grantees may also include other not-for-profit organizations such as
professional associations, unions and other civil society groups.
By enabling a direct connection between sustainable livelihoods and the
generation of local and global livelihoods, SGP empowers communities to act and
participate in their own development and hence ensures community ownership and
impact. Over the course of the last 20 years, SGP has provided grants to over
12,000 grantees with 64 percent of grants channeled to NGOs, 34 percent to CBOs,
and 2 percent to other not-for-profit organizations. More than 60 percent of
projects have directly benefitted communities either through direct grants to
CBOs or through other NGOs and CSOs working with communities.

country :NigeriaCopyright © Euclid Infotech Pvt. Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              407 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 11, 2014 Tuesday

USPTO grants trade mark "WR WORLD RECORD LG ELECTRONICS" to LG Corp. CORPORATION
(KOREA)

LENGTH: 180  words

DATELINE: Alexandria


LG Corp. CORPORATION (KOREA), has been granted trademark (4476462) titled as "WR
WORLD RECORD LG ELECTRONICS" from the United States Patent and Trademark Office.

Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 011. US 013 021 023 031 034. G & S: Air conditioners; hot air
apparatus, namely, hot-air space heating apparatus; humidifiers; electric
dehumidifiers for household use; electric ranges; water purifiers for household
purposes; water ionizers; water ionization apparatus, namely, water ionizers for
household purposes; membrane apparatus for purifying water; solar collectors
heating; household air cleaners; apparatus for heating, ventilating or
air-conditioning, namely, HVAC units, electric heating fans, ventilation hoods
and air conditioning units; light emitting diode LED light bulbs; plasma
lighting system (PLS), namely, light emitting plasma lighting fixtures; gas
ranges; electric cooking ovens; electric refrigerators; electric clothes dryers;
ice-cooling refrigerators for household purposes; apparatus for removing or
sterilizing bacteria in the air, namely, air purifiers

Filing

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              408 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Nevada: USDA Provides Aid to 73,000 Rural Californians Impacted by Drought

LENGTH: 892  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced USDA is providing $9.7 million
in emergency water assistance to 73,000 residents in 11 California counties
experiencing the driest year on record.

"This drought is devastating those who live, work and raise their families in
much of rural California," Vilsack said. "It is threatening the survival of
whole communities and livelihoods of folks throughout the state. From Siskiyou
County in the north to Kern County in the south, this disaster is crippling
communities up and down the 600-mile spine of California.

"The emergency water grants we are announcing today are triple the amount we
committed to when President Obama and I visited the state earlier this year,"
Vilsack added. "I am proud of the work USDA Rural Development staff in
California and Washington, D.C., have done to get this funding to those in need
and the work they have done with municipal leaders in these rural communities to
help residents, businesses and agricultural producers."

Extreme weather, such as the intense drought occurring in the western United
States, is putting a strain on water supplies. The Obama Administration is
committed to increasing investments in the nation's water infrastructure to
mitigate the impact of climate change and to ensure that all Americans have
adequate, safe and reliable water supplies. The National Climate Assessment
released earlier this year illustrates the impact of climate change across the
country.

This announcement is part of broader Obama Administration efforts to help those
impacted by the drought. Through the National Drought Resilience Partnership,
launched as part of President Obama's Climate Action Plan, federal agencies are
working closely with states, local governments, agriculture and other partners
on a coordinated response.

The 25 rural California communities are being helped by funding provided through
USDA's Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant (ECWAG) program. This program
helps rural communities that have experienced a significant decline in the
quantity or quality of drinking water due to an emergency. In January, USDA
streamlined the program's application process to expedite emergency water
assistance to communities in need, particularly in drought-impacted areas.

In addition to support from the ECWAG program, USDA is helping rural communities
meet their water needs through Water and Waste Disposal loans and grants and
Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households (SEARCH)
grants. USDA Rural Development has also approved grant funding to establish a
revolving fund to provide low-interest loans to rural homeowners for household
water wells.

For example, the small community of Cameron Creek Colony in Tulare County is
struggling due to severe drought. About 10 percent of its residents have no
access to water because their wells have run dry. Others have only intermittent
access.

The city of Farmersville, Calif., is receiving a $500,000 ECWAG grant to
construct pipelines connecting Cameron Creek Colony to the Farmersville water
main and linking residents to the water system. This will provide much-needed
relief throughout the community.

The grants announced today are contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms
of the grant agreement.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, USDA Rural Development has invested
more than $310 million to help 345,000 rural Californians receive improved water
or wastewater services.

As California suffers through this drought, the Administration has taken action
to help those struggling to cope with the hardships it has caused, including:

Designated 57 counties as disaster areas, making farmers and ranchers eligible
for emergency loans.
    Targeted $25 million from the Environmental Quality Incentives Program to
help farmers and ranchers implement conservation practices to conserve water,
protect fields from erosion and improve access to water for livestock.
    Invested $5 million in emergency watershed protection.
    Provided $7.6 million to livestock producers through the cost-sharing
Emergency Conservation Program.
    Invested $750,000 to reduce aquatic weeds clogging irrigation screens, pumps
and canals in the Sacramento and San Joaquin River delta.
    Set aside $3.3 million of a $30 million national investment to mitigate
wildfire threats, protect water resources and provide habitat for at-risk
species.
    Made continuing research investments in water conservation and use
efficiency, as well as capacity grants for the University of California's
Institute for Water Resources.
    Established a network of climate hubs, including a sub-hub in Davis, for
risk adaptation and mitigation to climate change.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              409 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 18, 2014 Friday

Nevada: USDA Provides Aid to 73,000 Rural Californians Impacted by Drought

LENGTH: 892  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced USDA is providing $9.7 million
in emergency water assistance to 73,000 residents in 11 California counties
experiencing the driest year on record.

"This drought is devastating those who live, work and raise their families in
much of rural California," Vilsack said. "It is threatening the survival of
whole communities and livelihoods of folks throughout the state. From Siskiyou
County in the north to Kern County in the south, this disaster is crippling
communities up and down the 600-mile spine of California.

"The emergency water grants we are announcing today are triple the amount we
committed to when President Obama and I visited the state earlier this year,"
Vilsack added. "I am proud of the work USDA Rural Development staff in
California and Washington, D.C., have done to get this funding to those in need
and the work they have done with municipal leaders in these rural communities to
help residents, businesses and agricultural producers."

Extreme weather, such as the intense drought occurring in the western United
States, is putting a strain on water supplies. The Obama Administration is
committed to increasing investments in the nation's water infrastructure to
mitigate the impact of climate change and to ensure that all Americans have
adequate, safe and reliable water supplies. The National Climate Assessment
released earlier this year illustrates the impact of climate change across the
country.

This announcement is part of broader Obama Administration efforts to help those
impacted by the drought. Through the National Drought Resilience Partnership,
launched as part of President Obama's Climate Action Plan, federal agencies are
working closely with states, local governments, agriculture and other partners
on a coordinated response.

The 25 rural California communities are being helped by funding provided through
USDA's Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant (ECWAG) program. This program
helps rural communities that have experienced a significant decline in the
quantity or quality of drinking water due to an emergency. In January, USDA
streamlined the program's application process to expedite emergency water
assistance to communities in need, particularly in drought-impacted areas.

In addition to support from the ECWAG program, USDA is helping rural communities
meet their water needs through Water and Waste Disposal loans and grants and
Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households (SEARCH)
grants. USDA Rural Development has also approved grant funding to establish a
revolving fund to provide low-interest loans to rural homeowners for household
water wells.

For example, the small community of Cameron Creek Colony in Tulare County is
struggling due to severe drought. About 10 percent of its residents have no
access to water because their wells have run dry. Others have only intermittent
access.

The city of Farmersville, Calif., is receiving a $500,000 ECWAG grant to
construct pipelines connecting Cameron Creek Colony to the Farmersville water
main and linking residents to the water system. This will provide much-needed
relief throughout the community.

The grants announced today are contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms
of the grant agreement.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, USDA Rural Development has invested
more than $310 million to help 345,000 rural Californians receive improved water
or wastewater services.

As California suffers through this drought, the Administration has taken action
to help those struggling to cope with the hardships it has caused, including:

Designated 57 counties as disaster areas, making farmers and ranchers eligible
for emergency loans.
    Targeted $25 million from the Environmental Quality Incentives Program to
help farmers and ranchers implement conservation practices to conserve water,
protect fields from erosion and improve access to water for livestock.
    Invested $5 million in emergency watershed protection.
    Provided $7.6 million to livestock producers through the cost-sharing
Emergency Conservation Program.
    Invested $750,000 to reduce aquatic weeds clogging irrigation screens, pumps
and canals in the Sacramento and San Joaquin River delta.
    Set aside $3.3 million of a $30 million national investment to mitigate
wildfire threats, protect water resources and provide habitat for at-risk
species.
    Made continuing research investments in water conservation and use
efficiency, as well as capacity grants for the University of California's
Institute for Water Resources.
    Established a network of climate hubs, including a sub-hub in Davis, for
risk adaptation and mitigation to climate change.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              410 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       The Southland Times (New Zealand)

                             May 2, 2012 Wednesday

Need for $6.3m lake filtration system queried

BYLINE: Grant Bryant

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 314 words


A $6.3 million filtration system could beat an algae problem affecting water
drawn from Lake Wanaka - but whether it is needed and the lake's long-term
health are under question.

The figure was not published in the Queenstown Lakes District Council's draft
long-term plan, but was revealed in the council's infrastructure services
committee yesterday.

After the meeting, capital works manager Ken Gousmett clarified, saying $6.3m
would be the capital cost for renewing and algae-proofing two main water intakes
in the lake that feed the Wanaka water supply.

Algae had been blocking some household water filters since 2010, but the council
would take direction on whether investment in the new filtration system was
wanted or needed, he said.

"Because it's such a large amount, the council does not want to foist the
decision onto ratepayers, because a relatively small amount of people are
affected."

Many people who had first encountered blocked household filters in 2010 had
since ceased having the problem or found easy ways to get around it.

Therefore, the council faced a quandary on whether or not to push the new intake
system. "We want the people to let their views be known, and they only have a
short amount of time to do that, because draft long-term plan submissions close
on May 7," Mr Gousmett said.

At the meeting, Wanaka ward councillor Lyal Cocks elaborated on the state of the
lake, saying no-one knew what was causing the algae - or whether it would go
away.

"Many lakes up north got away on them before they could fix the problem, and
that time to act, for us, is now."

Guardians of Lake Wanaka had pushed for monitoring equipment, but not yet
received any, he said.

"And we have to encourage them to push along to get it."

Land Information New Zealand and the University of Otago were also engaged in
studies on water quality in the lake, Mr Cocks said.

grant.bryant@stl.co.nz

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              411 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         Daily Dispatch (South Africa)

                             August 2, 2016 Tuesday

Sever dependency by mobilising, enabling

BYLINE: Andile Mbarane

SECTION: OPINION & EDITORIAL

LENGTH: 1099 words


ANDILE MBARANE
 ARE South Africans suffering from a dependency syndrome? Our government is
doing very good things for its people. It is committed to assisting its people
and the activities it performs are well legislated and designed to protect the
needs and dignity of the poor.


 A government that is providing the poor with shelter, water, electricity,
sanitation for free is a very caring one.
 Ours is a government that gives and gives and gives and doesn't stop. We see
nothing wrong in that and no one should.
 But as much as we are doing well we should not be blinded and forget to ask
ourselves questions like, are we not creating communities that will suffer from
"dependency"?
 Do not get me wrong. Every poor family in South Africa deserves government
grants. We have all been completely dependent on another person during our
lifetime, although for many of us this only occurred during our younger years.
 Psychotherapist Robert Bornstein makes this important observation: "A few life
experiences are so widely shared by people of different backgrounds that they
transcend the boundaries of culture, gender, and ethnicity."
 Dependency is one such experience. Even once we have grown-up, we still show
some degree of dependency on others and have need for support, guidance and
approval from others, especially during stressful times.
 But dependency becomes a form of psychopathology when there is an abnormal
level of it and this causes personal distress and/ or functional impairment.
 Our government policies are mum on how many grants one family is entitled to,
or how many times you can give the same family the same grant.
 It is understandable that a person who is more than 18 years old, who holds a
South African identity document, is of sound mind, whose gross monthly household
income is less than R3500, who has never received a subsidy from the government
and neither has his or her partner, who has never owned property and neither has
his or her partner - that person or his or her partner and their family will
live on a property bought with a subsidy.
 At this juncture it is important to highlight our context, to remember that
this country was under the rule of the National Party that applied the most
inhumane system of laws.
 The new South African government took the initiative to mitigate the effects of
the previous system and provide services to its people to give back the dignity
taken away by the apartheid regime.
 It is inhumane to expect that people exist without shelter, provision of water
or sanitation.
 That said, we also do not want to create a dependency syndrome that at the end
of the day comes back to haunt us as a nation.
 The black people of our country and of the African continent have historically
claimed their own dignity through their own sweat. In terms of sanitation a man
would dig a hole in the corner of his garden and go to the nearest forest to
fetch poles to construct a toilet to serve his household.
 Yet in 2000 our South African brothers and sisters died of cholera because they
stopped participating in the provision of these basic needs.

 In terms of shelter poor black people used to create mud structures for
themselves. The whole household and the neighbours would come together to make
mud bricks.
 Those mud structures were strong and when the weather was cold they were very
warm. When the weather was hot they were cool.
 Today the names of many of our South African brothers and sisters are listed by
the department of human settlements as part of the huge backlog of people
without shelter.
 In our African tradition a mature man is expected to build his own house
regardless of whether he is employed or not.
 The difference between a "dependent personality" and a "dependent personality
disorder" is somewhat subjective, and in making a diagnosis one must be
sensitive to cultural influences such as gender role expectations.
 But it is an uncontestable fact that dignity means everything to an African
man. A mature African man will never expect anybody to build a house for him (Xa
abantu ubanika yonke into bazogqibela sebengenazo nentloni zokuthi "Siyozela
rhulumente yizosilalisa").
 In terms of water, people used to fetch water from fountains during winter and
during summer we used to practise water harvesting using water tanks/
containers.
 Today those water fountains are used by animals and when the taps run dry we
are left without any other option but to cry to our caring government.
 Why is it that we are not going back to our fountains to clean them up and keep
them protected for our own healthy use?
 In pointing out what I have, my objective is to show how we have become
dependent on government and how we have neglected the basics in participating in
upholding our own human dignity.
 We have forced government to stretch the nation's resources to such an extent
that they are exhausted because of the dependency syndrome which we have
developed.
 Meanwhile, we are using our resources without a view to how much is left. Look
at those resources. Look at the energy crisis, the water shortages which in part
are the result of the provision of free water that is used without a care.
 I believe the government needs to develop an exit strategy.
 Think of this as a cautionary tale. If you really want to help someone,
consider them in a more favourable light than perhaps even they themselves can
see. See them at their best, even if they can't show it to you.
 And help them to access their own strength, to reach their full potential.
Challenge them to own up to who they really are - to feel the joy of personal
empowerment and self-confidence.
 Everything we do for another should be with the vision of their potential
firmly planted in our mind's eye.
 As government we need to ask ourselves questions what good has come from our
help? And what harm has come from our help?
 Yes, helping lifts you up, but it doesn't hold you up; it allows you to hold
yourself up as best as you can. Helping at its best is supportive, not
overprotective; it is strengthening, not weakening; it is mobilising, not
paralysing.
 When helping hurts, it is no longer helping. If we leave people weakened rather
than self-empowered, or worsening rather than improving, we are no longer
helping. In any case where the cycle becomes a vicious one, one that hurts and
leaves you feeling too guilty to stop, it is time to consider what is helping
and what is not.
  is a civil servant who lives in Port St Johns
 REPLAY: Miles is out of the office on a well-earned break. These cartoons are
from his archive
 DA LEADER MMUSI MAIMANE

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Daily Dispatch


                    Copyright 2016 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              412 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            July 18, 2007 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Paydirt for green houses;
Solar power - CLIMATE DEBATE

BYLINE: Sophie Morris

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 261 words


The federal government's offer of $1000 per household for the installation of a
solar hot-water system is the latest bid in an election-year auction by the two
major parties to help voters green up their homes.

Prime Minister John Howard said yesterday the plan to provide the rebate to
225,000 homes would have environmental advantages and reduce family living
expenses, amid growing concerns about soaring household debt levels.

"Now more Australians will have access to Australian solar technologies with the
capacity to reduce carbon emissions and to save households about $300 in annual
energy costs," he said.

The rebate only applies under certain conditions. For example, the family's
taxable income is less than $100,000, an electric hot-water system is being
replaced, and the home is the principal residence.

Mr Howard also announced "green vouchers" of up to $50,000 for schools to
install solar hot-water systems and water tanks in a bid to reduce greenhouse
gas emissions and conserve water.

But NSW Education Minister John Della Bosca accused him of duplicating state
schemes.

The cash incentive for families to go green is in addition to an existing
federal government subsidy for solar hot-water systems - worth up to $900
through Renewable Energy Certificates - and an $8000 rebate for the installation
of solar panels.

Labor has also targeted households in its climate change policies.

It has offered households low-interest loans of up to $10,000 for environmental
upgrades, including the installation of solar panels, rainwater tanks and grey
water systems.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2007 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              413 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            March 28, 2009 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Home help for wannabe eco-warriors;
HANDOUTS

BYLINE: Zoe Fielding

SECTION: SMART MONEY; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 587 words


A profusion of incentives are on offer to encourage households to reduce their
carbon footprint, writes Zoe Fielding.

The battle against climate change has spun off a large number of rebates and
incentive schemes that can save big dollars. In Melbourne, councils served by
City West Water and South East Water are giving away water-efficient showerheads
worth $34 in exchange for residents' old showerheads. Local councils in other
areas operate similar schemes.

Cowra Council in NSW is offering its ratepayers one reusable shopping bag for
every 20 plastic bags they hand over.

"It's an exchange with the aim of ultimately making Cowra plastic-bag free,"
council spokeswoman Lauren Magid says.

Gold Coast City Council runs free workshops to teach residents about composting,
worm farming and water efficiency.

If you live in Sydney and have a second fridge you've been thinking of throwing
out, you could have it removed for free and be paid $35, thanks to a fridge
buyback scheme supported by the NSW government's Climate Change Fund and local
councils.

Free ceiling insulation as part of the federal government's stimulus package is
another giveaway that could save you money on heating and air-conditioning.

Some special rebates are short-lived, so it's worth keeping an eye out for them.

Between March 11 and June 30, Victorians can claim a $30 rebate on the purchase
of $50 worth of eligible water-saving goods such as garden mulch, garden tap
timers, drip watering systems, waterless car cleaning products, shower timers
and toilet flush interrupter devices.

This is on top of an ongoing $30 rebate available for every $100 of water-saving
items each water customer buys in a calendar year.

Larger grants are available from state governments and local councils to
encourage households to put in major energy- and water-saving devices.

The state and local governments in NSW distributed 50,758 rebates last year to
ratepayers who installed rainwater tanks, efficient hot water systems, ceiling
insulation and water-efficient washing machines, the NSW Department of
Environment and Climate Change reports.

Households making claims typically have to make some outlay to get the handout,
so if you're looking for pure cost savings, they might not be the option for
you. You could end up ahead over time through lower water and electricity bills
but the pay-back periods are often quite long. The Queensland government, for
example, will pay people living in Brisbane up to $1150 for a 5000-litre
rainwater tank plumbed into the house for use in toilets or washing machines.
Pensioners can claim an additional $100. But having a 5000-litre tank connected
to your home will set you back anywhere between $2000 and $6000 or more, so the
rebate will only partly cover the cost.

Converting your car to LPG is another example of an initial investment that can
earn a rebate and save money over time. AusIndustry will provide a $2000 grant,
subject to eligibility criteria, as part of its LPG Vehicle Scheme for
converting petrol- or diesel-fuelled cars to run on LPG.

This will also save you money at the bowser. If unleaded petrol costs about
$1.10 a litre compared with LPG at 65Â¢, you'll save about $1524 a year based on
consumption of 15 litres per 100 kilometres and travelling 40,000 kilometres a
year, according to calculations on the website www.lpgautogas.com.au.

A family car might cost $3000 to convert to LPG. After factoring in the $2000
grant it will take about eight months for the savings in fuel to recoup the
upfront cost.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Brisbane residents can claim up to $1150 for a 5000-litre
rainwater tank. Photo Nic Walker

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2009 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              414 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           September 13, 2009 Sunday
                                HandleX Edition

PROGRAM TARGETS LAKE POLLUTION;
Lake-A-Syst offers education;
for developers, landowners

BYLINE: Patty Hutchens pattyhutchens@yahoo.com

SECTION: I; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 658 words


One reason people  move to this area is the setting. Nestled among the
mountains, Sandpoint sits on the shore of Lake Pend Oreille. But a growing
concern for this community and others like it is the ability to maintain and
preserve the quality of the water.

Molly McCahon is the coordinator for the Lakeshore Assessment System program,
known as Lake-A-Syst, sponsored by Bonner Soil and Water Conservation District.
She said the key is to educate property owners at the early stage of land
development. She works with landowners on Priest Lake, Twin Lakes and Lake Pend
Oreille, instructing them on ways to protect their water from chemicals and
environmental pollutants.

"It is more effective to reach people before they make decisions on land
development," said McCahon, adding that it is more difficult to make changes
once designs have been put in place. "It is important to let people know what
would happen in the future if we don't take care of our lake now."

She cites erosion, algae blooms in swimming areas, and continual spending on the
treatment of aquatic invasive weeds as examples.

This year Lake-A-Syst received three grants, including an $8,000 award from the
Idaho Department of Environmental Quality. With educational materials already
available to property owners on Lake Pend Oreille, this year's grant money will
be used to develop materials for the Priest Lake and Twin Lakes areas.

Linda O'Hare, district administrator for Bonner Soil and Water Conservation,
describes the materials as a nine-chapter booklet that provides education and
tools for assessing whether residents and businesses are doing their part to
maintain good water quality.

"At the end of each chapter is a self-assessment test," O'Hare said. "People can
determine whether they are high risk or low risk when it comes to making good
decisions on the water quality."

Topics covered include lawn and garden management, household wastewater
treatment, landscape and new construction, management of storm water runoff, and
household hazardous waste and petroleum products management, as well as a brief
discussion on Eurasian milfoil.

"The booklet is designed for shoreline landowners, but it is useful to everyone"
said McCahon.

A key component of the education is to target landscapers and contractors upon
whom landowners rely when making their landscaping decisions. McCahon attends
garden shows, home improvement shows, and other related events and is currently
developing a class to further educate these groups of professionals.

From what she observes along the shoreline, McCahon said there is much that can
be done to improve the care of the shorelines.

Issues such as overfertilizing a lawn can become a problem because turf has a
shallow root system; if the lawn extends all the way to the shoreline, the water
can easily become contaminated. McCahon also said phosphorus contamination can
develop into other issues.

"You do not want phosphorus in the water because it encourages the growth of
aquatic weeds, such as Eurasian milfoil, and causes algae blooms. As we all know
too well, Eurasian milfoil has become a huge problem in Lake Pend Oreille," said
McCahon.

With a degree in landscape architecture, McCahon  helps landowners design
vegetative buffers and implement their plan.

"The landowner supplies the plants, materials and labor," said McCahon who
provides fifteen hours of her time to a landowner at no charge.

She goes door to door distributing the materials and walks the property with the
landowners, offering suggestions when needed.

"We are here because of our lake, and with the increase in development comes the
increased risk of pollution," said McCahon. "If we don't take care of it, we may
lose the quality of life we currently enjoy. I just want to see responsible
development."

SIDEBAR:

MORE INFORMATION

For more information on the Lake-A-Syst program, go to
www.plrcd.org/lakeasyst/ or call Molly McCahon at (208) 263-5310.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              415 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                     The Vindicator (Valley Falls, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 24, 2015

Valley Falls Council schooled on obtaining block grants

BYLINE: The Valley Falls Vindicator staff

LENGTH: 530  words


Valley Falls Mayor Charles Statesman and the council were schooled in how to
acquire a Community Development Block Grant at the Sept. 16 meeting at city
hall.

Salih Doughramaji, who administers the program for the state Department of
Commerce, said the annual allocation totals $13.3 million and he wanted the town
he lives in to get its fair share.

Salih is the husband of council-woman Betsy Doughramaji.

"I'll share with you information that might get you a big check if you go
through what has to be gone through," he said. "Your tax dollars have paid into
it so you might as well get the advantage of it from time to time."

Block grants assist small towns -- those under 50,000 population -- with housing
rehabilitation, health facilities, community centers, street improvements, fire
and ambulance, and water and sewer projects.

The one stickler, the block grants help those who can least afford it, so 51
percent of the population needs to be low to moderate income. Valley Falls has
an LMI percentage of 50.40 percent based on the last census.

"This is ever so close, but we can't round up," Doughramaji said.

In order for the city to be eligible, he said, it would need to conduct its own
survey of residents. This is a process of sending a survey to every household,
promising confidentiality, and asking for the number of residents and the range
of household income.

If the city gets a 60 percent response rate and the results meet the 51 percent
threshold, the city could seek a CDBG

The grants are awarded based on a point system and the more local money
available for a match, the higher the points.

"Money talks," he said.

Volunteer help also talks. He said they have funded projects where at least 40
percent of the project was volunteer labor.

The Commerce Department also works with other lending sources and agencies to
complete project funding. Those include Rural Development, Health and
Environment, Water Office, etc.

Administrator Denise Streeter stated after the meeting that the city does not
have a project on the table at this time, but it might consider conducting the
LMI survey so it's on record with the Commerce department should a project
arise.

Valley Falls Housing Authority Administrator Paul Heinen presented the council
with a check for $5,668, an annual payment in lieu of taxes from the HUD project
known as Sunset Haven.

He said the amount paid in taxes is 10 percent of the rent collected on the
24-unit low-income apartment complex less deducting the cost of utilities.

Heinen provided a breakdown of the income and expenses for the year ending June
30, noting the average rent paid was $286.55 a month. He said all of the
apartments are rented and there are three on the waiting list.

The Housing Authority board of directors celebrated Sunset Haven's 40th
anniversary in July.

Streeter announced that the city has hired Greg Peterson, a deputy with the
Atchison County Sheriff's Office, to serve as a part-time officer when needed in
Valley Falls.

Eight refurbished bicycles have been procurred from the Lansing Correctional
Facility to be given away by the police department during Grasshopper Falls Day,
Sept. 26. The bikes are reconditioned by prisoners.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VFV

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2015 The Vindicator


                              416 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The NEWS (Monrovia)

                                 March 28, 2016

World Bank Approves U.S.$10 Million

LENGTH: 564 words


The World Bank Board of Executive Directors has approved a new financing of
US$10 million International Development Association (IDA) credit to increase
access to piped water supply services in Liberia's capital, Monrovia, and
surrounding areas.

The money is also intended to improve the operational efficiency of Liberia
Water and Sewer Corporation (LWSC). The Liberia Urban Water Supply Project
(LUWSP), which targets 63,000 direct beneficiaries, 44 percent of which are
females, will facilitate critical repairs, rehabilitation of the existing
distribution network and the extension to new areas with additional customers.

The project will facilitate new connections, more hours of water supply, fewer
interruptions in water service and closer proximity to safe water supply
sources. "This project constitutes an important step towards implementing the
Government's Agenda for Transformation and post-Ebola Economic Stabilization and
Recovery Plan, which emphasize the urgent need to improve water and sanitation
service delivery in Liberia," said Inguna Dobraja, World Bank Country Manager
for Liberia, adding "a reliable and affordable source of clean water is an
essential precondition for a healthy population and robust economic activity."

Project beneficiaries of the LUWSP comprise residents of Central Monrovia,
Somalia Drive, Duport Road and Roberts International Airport Highway. The
construction work will create job opportunities for Liberians and improve access
to services and living conditions. Communities with large percentage of poor
households that are unable to afford private household connections will benefit
from the construction of standpipes or kiosks.

The LWSC will also develop a rate-payment scheme to allow these poorer
households to finance connection fees over a longer period. "The World Bank's
intervention will fund critical rehabilitation of the existing network, as well
as invest in the extension of LWSC's distribution capacity in order to supply
more Liberians with safe water," said Deo-Marcel Niyungeko, Task Team Leader,
noting that "this new project will also boost revenue generation for the LWSC."

The LUWSP will reduce water losses and improve water flows to Central Monrovia,
as well as address urgent rehabilitation needs along Somalia Drive and in
Central Monrovia to restore water supply in the city center. Key transmission
lines along Duport Road, Somalia Drive and Roberts International Airport highway
will be rehabilitated / extended to reduce bottlenecks and create backup
capacity in these areas. Furthermore, the installation of bulk meters across the
network will allow the LWSC to set up district metered areas to track and
address non-revenue water more effectively.

The World Bank's International Development Association (IDA), established in
1960, helps the world's poorest countries by providing grants and low to
zero-interest loans for projects and programs that boost economic growth, reduce
poverty, and improve poor people's lives.

IDA is one of the largest sources of assistance for the world's 77 poorest
countries, 39 of which are in Africa. Resources from IDA bring positive change
to the 1.3 billion people who live in IDA countries. Since 1960, IDA has
supported development work in 112 countries. Annual commitments have averaged
about $19 billion over the last three years, with about 50 percent going to
Africa.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              417 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  Nationalist

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

Water, roads, housing and disabled grants to be hit in [#x20ac]1.8m budget
shortfall

LENGTH: 1131  words


Sian Moloughney

Roads maintenance budgets are to be cut by 32%, water and waste water networks
and treatment plants are to lose 15% of budget and building and housing grants,
including the Disabled Persons Grant, will also be cut by 15% because
[#x20ac]1,851,128 is to be withheld from the County Council budget by the
government.

Because only 58% of homes have paid the Household Charge in South Tipperary the
county council has been informed that 11% is to be cut from the annual Local
Government Fund.

The original allocation was [#x20ac]17,472,862.

The news was sent to councils on July 18, and reported in The Nationalist last
week. Last Friday a special meeting of South Tipp County Council was held to
discuss the emergency budget situation and councillors were told of the harsh
cuts which will now have to be made to local services.

Voices were raised and tempers frayed at the meeting, however there were many
calm voices that urged a practical approach. While most councillors urged people
to pay the charge, those against the Household Charge remained vehement in their
opposition.

"The bottom line is that money is being withheld because of a lack of payment of
the Household Charge," Council Chairman John Crosse told fellow councillors as
he convened the special meeting. Making further cutbacks in the council's budget
will be difficult, he said. He appealed to the people of South Tipperary to pay
the Household Charge to secure local services. He said he recognised times are
hard but urged the paying of the Household Charge as a priority.

County Manager Billy McEvoy said it would be "unthinkable" for [#x20ac]1.8
million to  be cut from the council's budget. [#x20ac]462,782 is being cut
immediately, he said.

A review of the budget has already been carried out by council officials and Mr
McEvoy said cuts to be made include: 32% from the regional and local roads
maintenance budget; 15% each from the building and housing maintenance and grant
allocation; 15% from the maintenance of water and waste water networks plus
treatment plants; as well as smaller cuts to planning control, the fire  brigade
service, environment services including the environmental awards, burial
grounds, and library services. "Services people forget we provide," according to
Mr McEvoy.

Reminders have already been sent out to people who have not paid the charge.
"The key message from us as a local authority is that we have to up our game' in
collecting the charge or we will have to further reduce services."

Mr McEvoy said that legal action will be taken as a last resort.

The county manager went on to say that as a local authority that pays out grants
they will have to now look into if applicants have paid the Household Charge.

Cllr Eddie O'Meara said "this is bad news, the cuts are massive.

"Others that have to take responsibility are the people that went out and told
people don't pay the charges.' I hope they now go out and tell people that they
won't be getting their pot holes filled because they didn't pay the Household
Charge."

He said "a lot of decent people" would be more willing to pay if there was a
pay-by-installment option.

Cllr Marie Murphy said there is a community centre in every village and town and
people should be facilitated to pay there.

Cllr Pat English maintained the argument of his party, the Workers and
Unemployed Action Group, when he insisted the Household Charge is "an attack on
family homes."

"I ask the 42% of people in South Tipperary to stick with us and see this unjust
tax abolished. I ask the minister to replace it immediately."

"And pull a rabbit out of the hat?" Cllr Murphy responded.

Cllr Richie Molloy said it was a serious situation now money was being held back
from the council. He accepted nobody liked paying the charge but he said it was
the law of the land."I accept money is very, very tight but we are faced with
the facts now. Do we carry on with less and less services?

There was a huge contrast in the way the new septic tank charge was handled
compared to the Household Charge, Cllr Denis Leahy pointed out.

"It was an abysmal performance by the minister. I think we as a council should
go to the minister and say this is not the way forward. This smacks of
McCarthyism." Thumping the table for emphasis he added: "It's bad for local
government, and for central government."

"Councillors have a duty to work as hard as we can for people. I think we have
no business here as councillors if we do not accept this serious budgetary
situation," Cllr Jack Crowe said. "The Household Charge is [#x20ac]2 a week, I
can't see anything wrong with that. What about the people who have paid? As far
as I am concerned this should be paid. We have to look after people. I'd nearly
resign from this council."

The opposing view was taken by Cllr Billy Shoer. "I think it's absolutely
shocking that a government who made a hames of this Housheold Charge have put it
back on the council. I'm opposing this. Put my name at the top of the list I
won't be paying," an angry Cllr Shoer said.

Cllr Michael Fitzgerald said: "The only way to handle this is to handle it as we
have done with things in the past, positively." He said the IMF were not just
looking into Leinster House and the Central Bank, they are in every county now.
"We are all in this together and have to try and get ourselves out of it. We are
going to do this in  a reasonable and constructive way.

"I can guarantee you we will get out of this mess."

Cllr Mary Hanna Hourigan said people in Ireland got used to not paying for
services, but it's here and we have to get used to it. "It's easy to come in her
and bang the table and shout and roar."

Cllr Joe Donovan predicted there will be no increase in payments of the charge
until next spring when people are facing fines and court penalties. "We are
going to have to face cuts and God help our services. Roads are bad enough, if
we have to pull the patching units we will have to tell people do a bit of local
fundraising and we'll sell you a bit of tar and chips and someone locally can do
it.'"

County Manager, Billy McEvoy, said that for a new property tax achieving a 60%
payment rate was actually very successful.

He told the meeting that the council will look for an increased overdraft, in
case it is needed, but they would have to balance the books.

He also said the time for payment of the Household Charge by instalments was
passed.

The meeting was also informed that currently the Local Government Fund is
financed from Motor Tax and the Household Charge. Currently the Motor Tax income
in the county is falling short of what central government grant to South
Tipperary.

In response to a questions form councillors, Mr McEvoy said temporary council
workers whose contracts are to expire in August will be let go, but this was
already planned before the funding cut.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INAC


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              418 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Cranbourne Leader (Australia)

                           October 14, 2009 Wednesday
                                 1 - CS Edition

In Brief

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 269  words


Bikes for students

LUCKY students from primary schools in Casey and Cardinia have won bikes as part
of the State Government's 1000 bike Ride2School giveaway. The students,
nominated for the prize for their leadership qualities, are among 500 from in
the state to win a set of wheels. Upper House MP for Eastern Victoria Johan
Scheffer said: ``Studies show that kids who are involved in sport and recreation
at a young age are more likely to remain active as adults.''

Green grants

COASTAL conservation projects are about to get some green. State Government
grants totalling $1 million are available for volunteer-run Coast
Action/Coastcare programs that improve the health and value of Victoria's coast.
Information kits are available at dse.vic.gov.au/coasts

Premier's awards

OUTSTANDING volunteers will be recognised at the inaugural Premier's Community
Volunteering Awards. Community Development Minister Peter Batchelor last week
encouraged people to nominate individuals or groups that had made a real
difference to their communities. Details: 1800 092 032 or go to
awardsaustralia.com/pcva

Free showerheads

CASEY households can be part of the State Government's latest 50,000 free
showerhead giveaway. Water Minister Tim Holding said 350,000 free showerheads
had already been given to Victorian households as part of the program, saving
more than 4 billion litres of water every year. ``Older style showerheads can
use between 14 and 20 litres of water a minute, compared with a three-star
showerhead that uses only nine litres a minute,'' Mr Holding said. Contact your
local water authority to register your interest.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: CSV


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              419 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Birmingham Post

                            March 2, 2006, Thursday
                                 First Edition

Ruling allows firms to force meters on public

BYLINE: Laura Mitchelll

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 328 words


A water company has been granted the power to install compulsory meters in a
landmark ministerial ruling.

A third of households face higher bills after the decision to grant the
Folkestone and Dover firm "water scarcity status".

Other companies in the South and East may now follow suit faced with the threat
of the worst drought in a century.

Each application will be judged on its individual merits, according to
Environment Minister Elliot Morley.

Mr Morley said: "The Government recognises that water metering can encourage
people to use water more wisely - and is also the fairest way to pay for water."

The decision comes after the Government's Environment Agency called last week
for compulsory metering in southern England.

Spokesman David King said: "We believe there should be more meters across
England and Wales, and we've told water companies in the South-East that they
need to make rapid progress with metering."

Folkestone and Dover Water wants to increase metering in its area from 40 per
cent to 90 per cent of homes in the next ten years.

Mr Morley could not say how many people would save money from the switch but
about 30 per cent of the 65,000 homes served by the firm will see a rise in
their bills.

Dame Yve Buckland, chair of the Consumer Council for Water, said: "Better help
must be available to large households on low incomes - who generally pay more
with a meter - preferably through familiar routes such as the tax benefits and
credits system."

Labour opposed water metering before being elected, describing it as a tax on
family life.

Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott stripped firms of the power to install
compulsory meters six years ago.

They retained the right to apply for "water scarcity" status, giving them
draconian powers over water use and supply, including forcing meters on
consumers.

Mr Morley insisted the decision to grant Folkestone and Dover those powers was
not a U-turn because no-one was considering their introduction nationwide.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Queen and Welsh Assembly presiding officer Lord Dafydd Ellis-Thomas
are seen through a glass ceiling as they enter the Chamber of the new Welsh
Assembly building. The Queen unveiled a plaque to mark the opening of the new
Assembly building

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              420 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 21, 2014 Monday

Nevada: USDA Provides Aid to 73,000 Rural Californians Impacted by Drought

LENGTH: 962  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced USDA is providing $9.7 million
in emergency water assistance to 73,000 residents in 11 California counties
experiencing the driest year on record.

"This drought is devastating those who live, work and raise their families in
much of rural California," Vilsack said. "It is threatening the survival of
whole communities and livelihoods of folks throughout the state. From Siskiyou
County in the north to Kern County in the south, this disaster is crippling
communities up and down the 600-mile spine of California.

"The emergency water grants we are announcing today are triple the amount we
committed to when President Obama and I visited the state earlier this year,"
Vilsack added. "I am proud of the work USDA Rural Development staff in
California and Washington, D.C., have done to get this funding to those in need
and the work they have done with municipal leaders in these rural communities to
help residents, businesses and agricultural producers."

Extreme weather, such as the intense drought occurring in the western United
States, is putting a strain on water supplies. The Obama Administration is
committed to increasing investments in the nation's water infrastructure to
mitigate the impact of climate change and to ensure that all Americans have
adequate, safe and reliable water supplies. The National Climate Assessment
released earlier this year illustrates the impact of climate change across the
country.

This announcement is part of broader Obama Administration efforts to help those
impacted by the drought. Through the National Drought Resilience Partnership,
launched as part of President Obama's Climate Action Plan, federal agencies are
working closely with states, local governments, agriculture and other partners
on a coordinated response.

The 25 rural California communities are being helped by funding provided through
USDA's Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant (ECWAG) program. This program
helps rural communities that have experienced a significant decline in the
quantity or quality of drinking water due to an emergency. In January, USDA
streamlined the program's application process to expedite emergency water
assistance to communities in need, particularly in drought-impacted areas.

In addition to support from the ECWAG program, USDA is helping rural communities
meet their water needs through Water and Waste Disposal loans and grants and
Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households (SEARCH)
grants. USDA Rural Development has also approved grant funding to establish a
revolving fund to provide low-interest loans to rural homeowners for household
water wells.

For example, the small community of Cameron Creek Colony in Tulare County is
struggling due to severe drought. About 10 percent of its residents have no
access to water because their wells have run dry. Others have only intermittent
access.

The city of Farmersville, Calif., is receiving a $500,000 ECWAG grant to
construct pipelines connecting Cameron Creek Colony to the Farmersville water
main and linking residents to the water system. This will provide much-needed
relief throughout the community.

The grants announced today are contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms
of the grant agreement.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, USDA Rural Development has invested
more than $310 million to help 345,000 rural Californians receive improved water
or wastewater services.

As California suffers through this drought, the Administration has taken action
to help those struggling to cope with the hardships it has caused, including:

Designated 57 counties as disaster areas, making farmers and ranchers eligible
for emergency loans.
    Targeted $25 million from the Environmental Quality Incentives Program to
help farmers and ranchers implement conservation practices to conserve water,
protect fields from erosion and improve access to water for livestock.
    Invested $5 million in emergency watershed protection.
    Provided $7.6 million to livestock producers through the cost-sharing
Emergency Conservation Program.
    Invested $750,000 to reduce aquatic weeds clogging irrigation screens, pumps
and canals in the Sacramento and San Joaquin River delta.
    Set aside $3.3 million of a $30 million national investment to mitigate
wildfire threats, protect water resources and provide habitat for at-risk
species.
    Made continuing research investments in water conservation and use
efficiency, as well as capacity grants for the University of California's
Institute for Water Resources.
    Established a network of climate hubs, including a sub-hub in Davis, for
risk adaptation and mitigation to climate change.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

#

USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write to USDA, Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, Office of
the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue, S.W., Stop
9410, Washington, DC 20250-9410, or call toll-free at (866) 632-9992 (English)
or (800) 877-8339 (TDD) or (866) 377-8642 (English Federal-relay) or (800)
845-6136 (Spanish Federal-relay)

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              421 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  The Leader-Times (Kittanning, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 16, 2008 Friday

County to use unspent grant money to aid residents

BYLINE: Mitch Fryer, The Leader-Times, Kittanning, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 345 words


May 16--KITTANNING -- County officials approved transferring some unspent grant
money from the county's 2005 Brownfields for Housing Initiative Program. The
money will be used to help residents in the villages of Margaret and Sagamore
facing shutoff of their water.

The commissioners approved the contract revision at a public meeting Thursday.

Brownfields for Housing Initiative money is awarded to counties through the
state's Department of Community and Economic Development for counties to turn
brownfield areas into housing for low-income residents.

Generally, the state grant program targets areas to provide affordable housing
through construction, purchase and rehabilitation of single family units or the
rehabilitation of owner-occupied units.

"There are 18 households facing shutoff of their water," said Carmen Johnson,
Planning and Development assistant director, in recommending to the
commissioners that the money be used for the purpose of paying the residents
tap-in fees, connections and plumbing.

Residents of three households in Margaret and 15 in Sagamore could not afford to
tap in to a new Indiana County Municipal Services Authority system, according to
Johnson.

Johnson said about $5,000 is needed for each household.

In other county business, the commissioners approved a lease with MDS Energy to
drill a gas well on county property at the Belmont Complex.

"It will provide 400,000 cubic feet of free gas a year and help in our efforts
to keep the Belmont and cut down on some costs and taxpayer expense," said
Commissioner Patty Kirkpatrick.

Mitch Fryer can be reached at mfryer@tribweb.com or 724-543-1303, ext. 242.

To see more of The Leader-Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pittsburghlive.com/x/leadertimes/. Copyright (c) 2008, The
Leader-Times, Kittanning, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080516-KT-County-to-use-unspent-grant-money-to-aid-residents-0516

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KT


                        Copyright 2008 The Leader-Times


                              422 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Sunday Independent

                               November 23, 2014
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Irish Water bets its future on rinky-dink business strategy

BYLINE: Richard Curran

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1064 words


THE introduction of the lowest water charges in Europe appeared like a major
torpedo straight into the side of the finances of the fledgling state utility
company.

Not so, says Michael McNicholas, chief executive of the Irish Water parent
operation, Ervia. The Government has decided to adjust the balance between how
much of Irish Water's revenues come from household charges and how much comes
more indirectly from the Exchequer.

That is a political decision and not a financial one. Basically, the Government
decided to replace an (EURO)88m social welfare package ensuring the unemployed
and low paid didn't have to pay, with a system where everybody pays - albeit a
much lower amount.

If you want to look at Irish Water, its business plan and its ability to fund a
multi-billion-euro investment programme, in theory it doesn't matter where its
money comes from, households, state subvention or businesses.

But there is one teeny tiny problem.

In order for the Government to carry the costs and debts of running and fixing
Ireland's awful water network off the Exchequer balance sheet, then 51pc of its
income has to come from charges with the rest coming from state subvention.

Otherwise the EU could shoot down the whole apparatus. The new scheme, while a
great bonus for the public, who won't have to pay nearly as much in water
charges, looks decidedly dodgy on the maths Eurostat in Brussels might require.

Under the plan, punters will pay (EURO)270m next year, and then get (EURO)130m
back from the State in the form of a "grant". I think the technical term for
this kind of financial acrobatics is a "rinkydink".

But Brussels has given a green light to a massive (EURO)32bn rinky-dink for
Ireland before. Called Nama, its debts are off the Exchequer balance sheet
because, technically, the agency is not owned by the State - but by a holding
company which is owned by a handful of private institutions which get a limited
fixed return on their "investment."

If the EU does give a green light to this particular stunt, then Irish Water's
business plan is pretty watertight - assuming, of course, people do actually pay
their water bills in reasonably large numbers.

Because the amount of money due to flow into Irish Water's coffers under the new
pricing structure is relatively unaltered, management argue that they do not
have to dramatically alter their business plan.

They also argue that they will have enough funding to tackle the massive
problems in the system, including fixing 126 water treatment plants in need of
refurbishment and the 800km of water pipes that are over 100 years old.

One big unknown in all of this is how much businesses will have to pay in the
years ahead. The Government has hijacked the Regulator's role in setting water
prices until 2019 at least. But the Regulator will hold a consultation process
in the second quarter of next year on how much businesses will have to
contribute. Watch this space.

A closer look at the Irish Water business plan throws up some interesting clues
as to how much money it will need in the future from households, businesses,
government and borrowing.

Irish Water expects to invest up to (EURO)5.5bn in capital expenditure over the
next seven years. It costs (EURO)900m per year to run so its sevenyear running
cost should be around (EURO)6.3bn.

However, according to McNicholas, it has plans to cut its operating costs by
(EURO)1.1bn over the next seven years, bringing the operating cost total to
(EURO)5.2bn and the total cost of Irish Water to around (EURO)10.7bn.

Borrowing is expected to be (EURO)1bn to (EURO)2bn. If it hits (EURO)2bn, then
it needs to find another (EURO)8.7bn over seven years. If half its income is
supposed to come from charges, then households and businesses should pony up
around (EURO)4.35bn over the next seven years.

If the 2015 charges remained static for the following six years, they would
bring in around (EURO)3.5bn ((EURO)20m from households and (EURO)230m from
business per year). This leaves a gap of around (EURO)850m to be clawed from
charges over the following six years (between 2016 and 2022).

Given that the household charge cap is in place for half of that period, that
implies the cap will have to rise significantly after 2019 or business charges
will have to rise sharply, or the State's contribution through the back door of
the conservation grant ((EURO)100 per year per household) would have to rise.

It isn't clear how Eurostat over in Brussels would view such a move.

However, according to Ervia's chief executive, there are other variables in the
mix. For example, McNicholas believes people will conserve water even though the
financial incentive to do so will be very small. If you pay a net (EURO)160 for
all the water you want, cutting usage by 15pc might only save you a few quid a
year.

According to McNicholas, around 25pc of households are already below the implied
usage level in those charges and can reduce their bill easily.

The problem is, the more they conserve their water to reduce their bill even
further, the less money Irish Water will take in.

But McNicholas argues that based on water meter monitoring from monitors already
installed, around 10pc of leaks in the system are in the households themselves -
in other words, they are between the meter and the tap.

Fixing those could save on the amount of water processed and used and would be
worth (EURO)400m per year to Irish Water.

Equally, he said the top 20 household leaks they have found in the country are
losing one million litres of water per day, which is enough to supply the town
of Gorey!

Now households have clarity about water charges for the next four years, there
are several remaining uncertainties that will be vital to the success of the
Irish Water project.

1. Will Eurostat approve the new structure? 2. How much will businesses have to
pay? 3. How many people will pay their bill? 4. Irish Water has committed to
cutting its operating costs by 7pc per year. Will it succeed? 5. How much of
existing local authority debts associated with water will Irish Water take over?
It could be close to (EURO)200m.

6. How much of those debts will the Exchequer take up? At least for now, water
will not cost households very much. But it will cost us all more anyway through
a higher state subvention used by Government to get through this sorry mess.

Bizarrely, it just might work.

rcurran@independent.ie

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: THE GANG'S ALL HERE: From left, Managing Director of Irish Water John
Tierney, and Michael McNicholas of Ervia, Irish Water's parent company. Photo:
Shane O'Neill

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SDI


             Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              423 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Your Ottawa Region

                           October 20, 2010 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Stir over pipe project at Haley

BYLINE: Steve Newman

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 682  words


Construction of new water pipes, to replace decades-old pipes at the Haley
townsite, is expected to get underway by next week.

Whitewater Region Township council voted Sept. 22 to proceed with replacement of
the water lines in the Haley townsite.

However, several Haley residents are rolling their eyes for two reasons.

The project is going to result in much higher water bills for the townsite
residents for the next 40 years, and several residents don't believe the
township was actually going to use the awarded provincial and federal money for
their project.

Whitewater Region Mayor Don Rathwell admits he hesitated about going ahead with
the expensive project because of the cost to a small number of households.

The townsite's water pipes, which were installed in 1942 and 1952, are in bad
condition.

"We were contemplating (reallocating the money to a more extensive Cobden water
pipe project), but never without going back to the residents," Rathwell told the
Mercury.

RESIDENTS UNHAPPY

"I don't believe that," said Lloyd Shields, who has lived on the townsite since
the early 1970s. "They dragged their feet since last July with the news about
the grant until we got the information from Cheryl Gallant."

Haley resident Kim McDonald had a similar reaction.

"We are very disappointed with the present council for delaying this as long as
they have. It should have been done in the spring, and now they're waiting until
mid-October to do this, and winter's coming. Not very good."

The situation was discussed in a Sept. 2 meeting at Haley United Church attended
by more than 30 local residents, Malcolm Montgomery of MP Cheryl Gallant's
office, Mayor Rathwell and fellow council members.

Several residents were very angry and disgruntled, say local residents. "It got
a little hot at times," admitted Shields.

Another resident, Donald Broome of Cobden, said residents left the meeting
madder than hell.

"And who can blame them after they found out the head rooster and his head
rooster were trying to shanghai the federal grant money Cheryl Gallant had
gotten to upgrade the Haley water system - to fix the Cobden water system
instead - without consulting the town site residents first," said Broome in a
letter to the Mercury.

Shields says Gallant's office didn't know if the residents were still willing to
foot one-third of the cost of the Building Canada fund.

In these cost-shared projects, the province, the federal government, and the
municipality (or in this case the affected residents) each pay one-third of the
original cost estimate.

That estimate is $587,568, thus the provincial and federal governments each
contributed $195,856.

Rathwell says the township waited to start the project, in the hope Haley and
other small water sites in the province might benefit from special government
funding.

Whitewater's deadline for the tenders was Monday, Oct. 18 of this week.

"We hope to award the contract on the 20th," said Whitewater chief
administrative officer Dean Sauriol of last night's council meeting. The CAO
hopes the construction work will start almost immediately.

After meeting with residents Sept. 2, Rathwell indicated the project would
proceed if 80 per cent of the 34 affected households supported the plan.

Whitewater Region council received 29 survey responses, or 85 per cent support.

Some townsite residents, such as Shields, say they only became aware about the
status of the project in a letter to local residents from
Renfrew-Nipissing-Pembroke MP Gallant.

Awarded in the summer of 2007, the funds will have to be returned if not used by
March 31, 2011.

"What happened is the township never told us the money came through, and Cheryl
got in touch with us and indicated that they were trying to move the funds to
another project," said Shields.

"If they had taken the money someplace else, it's grant money we would never
have got again."

Following 2009 water plant upgrades, annual water bills for Haley residents will
likely jump early in 2011 from about $500 to $900. Following this month's
repairs, Rathwell says those bills are expected to rise, by next summer, to over
$1,300.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              424 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           January 24, 2015 Saturday

Irish Water funding will pass test, says Minister

BYLINE: Harry McGee

SECTION: IRELAND; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 252 words


The Government and Irish Water have  expressed confidence that the new water
utility will pass the "market test" in April that will uphold its status as a
separate entity from the State.

A leaked report from the European Commission stated that the reduced water
charges arrangement announced in November had created uncertainty over the
independence of Irish Water.

To remain off the Government balance sheet, such a body needs to show that at
least half of its funding comes from non-State sources.

The report from the directorate-general on Economics and Finance focused
particular attention on the water conservation grant of EUR 100 per household,
which it said could be construed as a direct transfer from the exchequer to
Irish Water via households.

Yesterday, Paudie Coffey, Minister of State at the Department of the
Environment, challenged this view, saying the conservation grant had nothing to
do with the market test. He said he was fully confident the funding model for
Irish Water would pass the test, which will be carried out  in April.

Mr Coffey said that hypothetical arguments were being put out before the test
was conducted. He also said  detailed analysis of the revised charging system
had been carried out by the Department of Finance.

For its part, Irish Water said its long-term funding plan was progressing well,
and would underpin its ability to fund its significant investment programme.

It said that changes announced last November "have had no net impact Irish
Water's total income".

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              425 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                             August 25, 2014 Monday

Water row underlines supply risk

BYLINE: Claire-Ann Marie C. Feliciano

SECTION: Pg. S1/1

LENGTH: 962 words


A ROW over water allocation has erupted between private sector concessionaires
for Metro Manila and a government body, months ahead of a potential supply
shortage flagged by a regulatory official just a week ago.

The National Water Resources Board (NWRB) has granted the request of the
National Irrigation Administration (NIA) for allocation to farms, a move
questioned by the two Metro Manila concessionaires who claimed the decision
violated protocol to be followed in the face of reduced supply.

The NWRB - composed of representatives of the National Economic and Development
Authority; National Hydraulic Research Center; the University of the
Philippines; as well as the Environment, Justice and Science and Technology
departments - recently authorized the release of 42 cubic meters per second
(cms) for NIA from Aug. 23 to 27; and 21 cms from Aug. 28 to 31.

Executive Director Sevillo D. David, Jr. said in a text message that water
allocation for the concessionaires was maintained despite the release of water
for irrigation.

"The board recognized the possible damage to crops [sic] that need to be
irrigated if no water is released," he explained. "To prevent damage to crops
and in the light of the food security program of government, the board decided
to grant allocation for NIA."

Mr. David explained that the allocation "will be used to irrigate 65% of
standing crops of around 14,300 hectares and seedbed of 7,700 hectares
considering the current low water level at Bustos Dam (near Angat in Bulacan)
and low rainfall in the area."

'THE THREAT IS REAL'

Both Maynilad Water Services, Inc. and Manila Water Company, Inc. questioned the
decision, saying affected stakeholders were not consulted.

"The decision of NWRB to release water for irrigation is in direct violation to
the Angat Dam water protocol, which clearly states that irrigation releases
should be suspended when water level in the dam is below 180 meters above sea
level (masl)," Cherubim O. Mojica, Maynilad's head for corporate communications,
said via text yesterday.

The water level at Angat Dam - which supplies more than 90% of Metro Manila's
household requirements - was at 178.17 masl yesterday.

Jeric T. Sevilla, Jr., Manila Water's corporate communications head, for his
part said the Angat protocol should be upheld and "kept sacred."

"We raise strong concern over the decision of the NWRB. It just decided to grant
NIA's request without official notification to MWSS (Metropolitan Waterworks and
Sewerage System) and the concessionaires," Mr. Sevilla said in a text message.

"What was the basis of NWRB for releasing 42 cms to NIA vs the 39 cms allocation
that was given to the concessionaires? NWRB should have discussed this with its
technical working group of concerned stakeholder agencies."

The two utilities underscored the need to be more careful in deciding Angat
Dam's water allocation, saying household supply was at risk.

Just last week, an NWRB official warned of possible water shortage by summer
next year given the receding level at the dam and an El Nino episode expected to
start towards the end of the year.

Mr. Sevilla noted that "NWRB should discuss the decision to see how it can help
Angat recover from its declining levels and how it can help prepare for the
onset of El Nino and bleak water supply in 2015."

"The threat [of supply shortage] is real."

NOT ENOUGH TIME

Maynilad's Ms. Mojica also claimed that the concessionaires were informed about
the decision only on Friday night, just before implementation on Saturday.

"Since then, we have been appealing to the NWRB and MWSS to suspend the
irrigation releases so the matter could be discussed further, given the looming
threat of El Nino on our water supply," she explained.

"It is unfortunate and alarming that our appeals remain unaddressed by the
concerned government authorities."

The Maynilad official added that the Angat Dam protocol should be followed
especially in the face of El Nino.

"Up until this time, NWRB has been consistent and vigilant in its observance of
the 180 masl protocol," Ms. Mojica said.

Asked how NWRB intends to address the water utilities' concern, Mr. David said
the agency will coordinate the matter with the concerned stakeholders and
convene the board if necessary.

"We are closely monitoring the water level of the dam as well as the current
weather and projections on that," Mr. David said.

"We will regularly coordinate with MWSS and NIA in reviewing current allocations
and recommend modifications if necessary," referring to the state bodies
concerned with household and irrigation supply, respectively.

Ayala-led Manila Water primarily provides water and wastewater services to the
east zone concession area covering the cities of Makati, Mandaluyong, Pasig,
Pateros, San Juan, Taguig, Marikina; parts of Manila and Quezon City, as well as
some areas in Rizal province.

As the west zone concessionaire, Maynilad provides water and wastewater services
to residents in most of Manila, parts of Quezon and Makati cities, the cities of
Caloocan, Pasay, Paranaque, Las Pinas, Valenzuela, Navotas and Malabon in Metro
Manila. Its franchise area also covers the cities of Bacoor and Imus and
municipalities of Kawit, Noveleta and Rosario in Cavite province.

Metro Pacific Investments Corp. (MPIC) and DMCI Holdings, Inc. hold 52.8% and
25.24% interests, respectively, in Maynilad. Japanese firm Marubeni Corp. holds
a 20% stake, while the balance is held by other shareholders.

MPIC is one of three key Philippine subsidiaries of Hong Kong-based First
Pacific Company Ltd., the others being Philippine Long Distance Telephone Co.
(PLDT) and Philex Mining Corp. Hastings Holdings, Inc., a unit of PLDT
Beneficial Trust Fund subsidiary MediaQuest Holdings, Inc., has a majority stake
in BusinessWorld.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              426 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Berwick Leader (Australia)

                           October 14, 2009 Wednesday
                                 1 - BL Edition

In Brief

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 269  words


Bikes for students

LUCKY students from primary schools in Casey and Cardinia have won bikes as part
of the State Government's 1000 bike Ride2School giveaway. The students,
nominated for the prize for their leadership qualities, are among 500 from in
the state to win a set of wheels. Upper House MP for Eastern Victoria Johan
Scheffer said: ``Studies show that kids who are involved in sport and recreation
at a young age are more likely to remain active as adults.''

Green grants

COASTAL conservation projects are about to get some green. State Government
grants totalling $1 million are available for volunteer-run Coast
Action/Coastcare programs that improve the health and value of Victoria's coast.
Information kits are available at dse.vic.gov.au/coasts

Premier's awards

OUTSTANDING volunteers will be recognised at the inaugural Premier's Community
Volunteering Awards. Community Development Minister Peter Batchelor last week
encouraged people to nominate individuals or groups that had made a real
difference to their communities. Details: call 1800 092 032 or visit
awardsaustralia.com/pcva

Free showerheads

CASEY households can be part of the State Government's latest 50,000 free
showerhead giveaway. Water Minister Tim Holding said 350,000 free showerheads
had already been given to Victorian households as part of the program, saving
over 4 billion litres of water every year. ``Older style showerheads can use
between 14 and 20 litres of water a minute, compared with a three-star
showerhead that uses only nine litres a minute,'' Mr Holding said. Contact your
local water authority to register your interest.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: BLV


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              427 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                          September 23, 2006 Saturday

Green living guide; Home directory

SECTION: GUARDIAN MAGAZINE SUPPLEMENT; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 1395 words


ENERGY INFORMATION

The Energy Saving Trust

0845 727 7200

www.est.org.uk/myhome

Non-profit organisation promoting

energy efficiency. Useful info on

improving your home's efficiency.

Energy Watch

0845 906 0708

www.energywatch.org.uk

Independent gas and electricity

watchdog.

Energy 21

www.energy21.org.uk

Network of grassroots renewable

energy groups.

National Energy Foundation

01908 665555

www.nef.org.uk

Independent educational charity

promoting energy efficiency.

GREEN ELECTRICITY SUPPLIERS

Green Electricity Marketplace

01256 392701

www.greenelectricity.org

Ecotricity

(not available in Scotland)

0800 032 6100

www.ecotricity.co.uk

Good Energy (formerly Unit(e))

0845 456 1640

www.good-energy.co.uk

Green Energy UK

0845 456 9550

www.greenenergy.uk.com

RSPB Energy (available through

Scottish Hydro Electric, Southern

Electric and Swalec)

0800 0525252

http://www.rspbenergy.co.uk

ELECTRICITY SUPPLIERS WITH

GREEN ENERGY TARIFFS

Northern Ireland Electricity

(Eco Energy)

0845 745 5455

www.nie.co.uk

EDF Energy (Green Tariff)

0800 096 9000

www.london-energy.com

npower (Juice)

08457 145146

www.npower.com

Powergen (GreenPlan)

www.powergen.co.uk

Scottish Power (Green Energy

and Green Energy Fund)

0845 2706543

www.scottishpower.com

ENERGY-SAVING

EQUIPMENT PROVIDERS

Centre for Alternative Technology

01654 705993

www.cat.org.uk

Practical research into sustainable

ways of living. Online shop sells

small wind turbines.

Encraft

01926 312159

www.encraft.co.uk

Company working on low-carbon

systems.

Energy Saving World

0800 3281451

www.energysavingworld.co.uk

Energy saving products like radiator

panels, insulation and CFLs.

Green Building Store

01484 854898

www.greenbuildingstore.co.uk

Green building products, including

Forestry Stewardship Council doors

and windows, water-saving toilets.

INSULATION

Cavity Insulation Guarantee Agency

01525 853300

www.ciga.co.uk

The body that certifies cavity wall

insulation.

Thermafleece

01768 486285

www.secondnatureuk.com

Insulation material made from

the wool of British hill sheep.

Warmcel

01495 350655

www.warmcel.com

Insulation made from 100% recycled

newsprint.

RENEWABLE ENERGY SYSTEMS

AES Solar Systems

01309 676911

www.aessolar.co.uk

Solar water heating systems,

also available as DIY kits.

Cel-F Solar Systems

0870 330 2202

www.cel-f-solar.com

Water heating, photovoltaics

and wind turbines too.

Ecoheat

01422 843414

www.ecoheat.co.uk

Installation and service for

high-efficiency domestic energy

systems, plus solar.

Energy & Environment

0161 881 1383

www.energyenv.co.uk

Sell solar power equipment.

Filsol Solar

01269 860229

www.filsol.co.uk

Welsh company that manufactures

and installs photovoltaic and water

heating systems.

Imagination Solar

0845 458 3168

www.imaginationsolar.com

PVs and water heating, plus low

energy lighting systems.

Marlec Engineering Co

01536 201588

www.marlec.co.uk

Rutland windchargers and solar PVs.

Monaghan & Hornal

01786 447120

www.sun-harvester.co.uk

Motto: We promise the earth . . .

and you get into hot water!

Rainbow Solar Trading

01983 614957

www.rainbowtradingpost.co.uk

Solar and wind power systems,

plus composting toilets. Also

eco-properties.

Rayotec

01932 784848

www.rayotec.com

Solar and underfloor heating systems

(both warm water and electric).

Select Solar

0845 0031353

www.selectsolar.co.uk

Solar kits, gadgets and toys, as well

as PV solar panels.

Solarcentury

020 7803 0100

www.solarcentury.co.uk

One of the larger solar companies,

installing PV solar systems as well

as many other projects.

Solartwin

0845 130 0137

www.solartwin.com

A solar panel water heating system

with a solar-powered electric pump.

Turbine Services

01900 85616

www.turbineservices.co.uk

Specialises in wind turbines and

water turbines.

Wind and Sun

01568 760671

www.windandsun.co.uk

Wind and solar systems plus lighting

and solar-powered toys.

Windsave

0141 4207400

www.windsave.com

Small wind turbine generator

system.

ENERGY GRANTS

Before considering investing in

any energy-saving or renewable

technology, check to see whether

you qualify for any of the many

grants now available.

Low Carbon Buildings

0800 9150990

www.lowcarbonbuildings.org.uk

DTI-funded grants towards micro-

generation domestic projects.

Scottish Community and

Household Renewables Initiative

0800 138 8858

www.est.org.uk/schri

Grants towards community and

household renewable schemes.

WATER

Elemental Solutions

01981 540728

www.elementalsolutions.co.uk

Independent advice on ecological

waste-water systems.

Ofwat

www2.watervoice.org.uk

Economic regulator for the water

and sewerage industry in England

and Wales.

Water Wise

020 7344 1838

www.waterwise.org.uk

Independent UK non-governmental

organisation promoting water

efficiency.

WATER-SAVING EQUIPMENT

Aqualogic

0870 8503757

www.aqualogic-wc.com

Range of water-saving products.

Envireau Rainwater Management

01296 633000

www.envireau.co.uk

Rainwater harvesting systems for

carwashing and toilet flushing.

Gramm Environmental

01273 844899

www.grammenvironmental.com

Water recycling systems.

Hippo the Water Saver

01989 766667

www.hippo-the-watersaver.co.uk

Simple system o a plastic container

in your toilet cistern o for saving

water while flushing.

Rainharvesting Systems

0845 2235430

www.rainharvesting.co.uk

Rainwater harvesting systems for

homes as well as larger businesses.

WATERLESS TOILETS

Composting Toilet World

www.compostingtoilet.org

Information website about

composting toilets, sponsored by

CT manufacturer Envirolets.

Eastwood Services

01502 478165

www.sun-mar.com

UK dealers for Sun-mar

composting toilets.

CLEANING

Ecover

www.ecover.com

The original organic cleaning

materials.

Method

www.methodhome.com

New eco-cleaning home products

just arrived from San Francisco.

HOME

This is just a taster of the companies

offering ecological alternatives to

building materials and furnishings.

Construction Resources

020 7450 2211

www.constructionresources.com

State-of-the-art ecological building

materials.

Ecomerchant

01795 530130

www.ecomerchant.co.uk

Sustainable building materials

including paints, lime and earth

products and insulation.

Greenfibres

01803 868001

www.greenfibres.com

Organic clothing, bedding and towels

as well as eco-cleaning.

The Green Shop

01452 770629

www.greenshop.co.uk

Eco-balls, log-makers, natural paints

and smart energy meters.

Healthy House

0845 4505950

www.healthy-house.co.uk

Specialise in removing allergens from

the domestic environment.

Natural Collection

0870 3313333

www.naturalcollection.com

Fairtrade and environmentally-

friendly gifts, clothes and

household goods.

Old House Store

0118 969 7711

www.oldhousestore.co.uk

Motto: iTraditional materials

for Modern Times.i

Womersleys

01924 400651

www.womersleys.co.uk

Natural and eco-friendly building

products.

SELF-BUILD ADVICE

Association for Environment

Conscious Building

0845 4569773

www.aecb.net

Campaigns for heightened

environmental awareness in building.

Building for a Future

01559 370798

www.newbuilder.co.uk

Publishers of Green Building magazine

and the Green Building Bible.

Build It Magazine

020 7772 8300

www.self-build.co.uk

Magazine detailing self-build

projects and news around the UK.

Green Register of Construction

Professionals

0117 3773490

www.greenregister.org

List of architects, engineers, builders,

surveyors and tradespeople with

commitment to sustainable practices.

RECYCLING

For information on material-specific

local recycling centres, consult

WasteConnect or Waste Watch's

National Recycling Directory

Freecycle

www.freecycle.org

International organisation: recycling

by giving your unwanted furnishings

to other people.

Recycle Now

0845 3313131

www.recyclenow.com

Information site funded by WRAP.

Waste Aware Scotland

01786 468248

www.wascot.org.uk

Scottish recycling campaigns.

FURTHER READING

There are dozens of books offering

you tips for lowering your domestic

carbon footprint, but the Guardian's

own A Good Life: the Guide to

Ethical Living by Leo Hickman is one

of the easiest to follow (honestly).

On a higher, less immediately

practical level, the Humanure

Handbook by Joe Jenkins is a

wonderful classic about the

potential usefulness of, er, poo.

Green Books and the Centre For

Alternative Technology are good

places to go for specific information

on solar power, wind power and

composting. The new Grand Designs

Handbook by Kevin McCloud is full

of tips from projects featured in the

TV series. Out Of The Woods by Pat

Borer and Cindy Harris is the first

book to turn to if you want to try a

bit of self-build, closely followed by

the Green Building Bible, which

publishes a new, two-volume edition

in October (newbuilder.co.uk).

The Shelter Sketchbook by

John S Taylor (first published in

1983) is a beautiful book containing

Taylor's drawings of architectural

ideas and innovations all around

the world.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              428 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                    September 15, 2016 Thursday 7:33 AM GMT

SF and DUP unite to prevent introduction of water charges in Northern Ireland

BYLINE: By Noel McAdam

SECTION: NORTHERN IRELAND

LENGTH: 629 words


The Executive has again agreed to block the introduction of water charges that
would cost Northern Ireland households an average £400 a year.

The Executive has again agreed to block the introduction of water charges that
would cost Northern Ireland households an average £400 a year.

Ministers yesterday voted to maintain their current position of opposing extra
domestic charges, which involves an annual subsidy of around £300m to NI Water.

The charges would, if brought in, help offset the Treasury's cuts to the
province's block grant caused by to the introduction of corporation tax powers.

But a joint Sinn Fein and DUP proposal at yesterday's Executive meeting - the
first after the summer recess - will ensure the continuation of the policy
against water charges for the foreseeable future.

Sinn Fein MLA Conor Murphy said afterwards: "I am pleased that the Executive
backed this proposal and that homeowners in the North will not be charged for
water.

"Access to water is a basic right and we will ensure that water charges will
continue to be blocked. Sinn Fein remains absolutely opposed to the introduction
of domestic water charges, North or South."

A paper commissioned by the Executive more than 18 months ago, however,
questioned whether the subsidy to NI Water was till "prudent".

It pointed out that Northern Ireland was unique in the UK with householders not
paying a direct charge for water and sewerage services, although it conceded
they do "make an indirect contribution through the domestic regional rate".

The paper argued, "Given this predicted sustained period of budget constraint in
Northern Ireland, due consideration should be given to financing measures
outside the usual Westminster allocations" - and included a range of ideas, with
extra borrowing among them.

"Given the regional rate only constitutes part of the Northern Ireland total
household rates bill, a question arises about the basis for the Executive's
assessment of consumer confidence," it added.

"By not introducing water charges to Northern Ireland, the Executive is
effectively left with no choice but to support NI Water financially, by
approximately £300m a year.

"This subsidy is projected to increase in the coming years. Is it prudent that
the Executive continues to subsidise NI Water to the extent it does?"

In the last debate in the Assembly, however, MLAs backed a DUP motion
reaffirming the rejection "of the imposition of water rates on the people of
Northern Ireland",

DUP MLA Trevor Clarke said: "We are all familiar with the fact that the water
charge would be, on average, just over £400 per household.

"The average rates bill per household is approximately £800. For many, it is a
struggle to find what they have to pay without an additional burden being put on
them."

Alliance is the only main party at Stormont that has supported the possible
introduction of water charges in the past, among a range of other options.

In the last debate, however, Alliance MLA Chris Lyttle argued: "We oppose the
introduction of additional water charges at this time because other Executive
parties have failed to tackle waste and inefficiency in their departments.

"We do, however, need to give serious consideration as to how water and sewerage
infrastructure will be adequately financed and governed if fit-for-purpose
provision for existing and new customers, environmental protection, flood
prevention and economic growth are to be achieved.

"Alliance believes that existing charges for water should be more open and
transparent.

"Households should have an identifiable charge for water separated from the
rates bill, with no household paying twice.

"That would provide a clearer picture of how our water and sewerage system is
being paid for, with protections for vulnerable households."

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              429 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            February 24, 2017 Friday

IP Australia grants trade mark 'EVERDURE BY HESTON BLUMENTHAL ' to Shriro
Australia Pty Limited

LENGTH: 295 words

DATELINE: New York



 Australia:  Shriro Australia Pty Limited, has been granted trademark (1778218)
titled as "EVERDURE BY HESTON BLUMENTHAL

 " from -21-JUN-2016-, through -21-JUN-2026-, from the Australian trademark
office.





 Status: Registered/Protected





 Goods & Services:    Class 8: Hand tools and implements (hand operated);
cutlery; scrapers, slices, spatulas, knives, forks, tongs and hand operated
sharpening tools



 Class 11: Apparatus (for outdoor use) for lighting, heating, cooking,
refrigerating and drying; culinary and household apparatus and appliances in
this class for the cooking of foodstuffs; hot water systems, water heaters,
domestic heating apparatus, ovens, barbeques, cookers, rotisseries, grills, hot
plates, and stoves (all for outdoor use); parts and accessories for the
aforementioned in this class



 Class 21: Household and kitchen utensils and containers; culinary and domestic
utensils, cookware and containers (not of precious metal or coated therewith);
crockery; drinking utensils in this class; brushes (except paint brushes);
articles for cleaning purposes; glassware, porcelain and earthenware not
included in other classes; cooking utensils namely barbeque tools and
implements, cooking tools



 Class 37: Installation, maintenance and repair of household apparatus and
appliances; installation, maintenance and repair of hot water systems, water
heaters, domestic heating apparatus, ovens, barbeques, cookers, rotisseries,
grills, hot plates and stoves







 Type of Mark: Word



 Date of Acceptance:   08-DEC-2016



 Date of Registration:  23-FEB-2017



 Registration Advertised:  02-MAR-2017



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              430 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                  Toronto Star

                   December 13, 2001 Thursday Ontario Edition

Tory plan may push up water costs

BYLINE: Theresa Boyle, Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A06

LENGTH: 589 words

HIGHLIGHT:
Legislation proposes that users pay full cost of services

Many Ontarians could be hit with massive hikes to their water bills under
proposed legislation requiring municipalities to recover the full cost of
providing water and sewer services.

The Sustainable Water and Sewage Systems Act, introduced yesterday by the
Conservative government, is a full-cost recovery measure intended to wean
municipalities off reliance on government grants for the upkeep of water works.

"It would help ensure that Ontario's water services are safe and sustainable for
future generations," Premier Mike Harris told the Legislature.

"This legislation would ensure that municipalities have the resources they need
to ensure that their water and sewer infrastructure is modern and well
maintained," he added.

Mike Price, general manager of water and waste water for the City of Toronto,
warned earlier this year the move could result in Toronto households paying
twice as much for water.

The average Toronto household now pays about $350 a year for water, an amount
that could jump to $700 if it is phased in over the next five to 10 years, Price
noted.

But Councillor Betty Disero (Ward 17 Davenport), chair of the city's works
committee, disagreed, saying the majority of Toronto residents already pay the
true cost of their water and sewer services and do not rely on government
subsidies.

"The impact (of the legislation) on Toronto will be minimal. We do that already,
have full-cost recovery," Disero said.

"All water and waste water, it pays for itself, it's self-sustaining."

Pat Moyle, executive director of the Association of Municipalities of Ontario,
said the Walkerton tragedy led the government to introduce the bill.

"Walkerton has certainly brought this matter to everyone's attention. It's been
the driver for a lot of changes," he said. "People want to ensure sewer and
water facilities are up to standard and part of that puzzle is the financing."

Under the bill, all municipalities will be required to prepare reports for the
province, detailing an inventory of their sewer and water facilities and any
upgrades needed. They must also outline what costs are involved in providing the
services and what revenue they obtain from them.

"The act specifies that the full cost of providing services includes operating
costs, financing costs, renewal and replacement costs and improvement costs,"
Municipal Affairs Minister Chris Hodgson told the Legislature.

Municipalities will also have to provide the province with "cost recovery
plans," explaining how they intend to pay the full cost of providing sewer and
water services.

"In some cases, there may be significant (cost) increases involved in bringing
(the systems) up to what they should be," Moyle said.

"Smaller municipalities face the biggest transition because they are more
dependent on government grants," he said adding, "it's too hard to say at this
point" what the full impact of the bill will be.

The Association of Municipalities of Ontario will have plenty of opportunity to
influence the legislation, Moyle said, noting that it has only just received
first reading.

AMO is generally supportive of the full-cost recovery scheme, Moyle said.

"We're living in a different reality now. I suspect one of the motives behind
this is to make municipalities more self-sufficient and not so dependent on
provincial and federal grants," he said.

But NDP Leader Howard Hampton accused the government of having a different
agenda, saying they want to privatize municipal water works.


LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2001 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              431 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                              June 9, 2015 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

'Public health risk' as lead discovered in water pipes of 75,000 homes

BYLINE: Niall O'Connor

SECTION: NEWS; FRONT PAGE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 164 words


A NEW grant is to be rolled out for households, schools and hospitals to repair
water pipes at risk of lead contamination, the Irish Independent has learned.

An alarming 75,000 homes, representing 5pc of the overall number, have had lead
detected in their pipes by Irish Water.

Environment Minister Alan Kelly will today brief Cabinet on the discovery, which
has been described as a "public health risk".

>Thousands move back home to save mortgage deposits - page 11 There is
particular concern about the impact the lead levels will have on pregnant women
and small children - prompting the Government to launch a major awareness
campaign in the coming weeks.

Among the measures set to be discussed at Cabinet is the establishment of a
grant system that is targeted at low income households who will need to have the
issue of lead in their pipes addressed.

However, not all households affected will be entitled to State support, a
Government source told the Irish Independent.

Full story, Page 9

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              432 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                              May 11, 2007 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Testing The Waters

BYLINE: CHRISTIAN M. WADE, The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: PASCO; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1185 words


RECLAIMED WATER SERVICE TO EXPAND WITH PROJECT

By CHRISTIAN M. WADE

The Tampa Tribune

NEW PORT RICHEY - Hundreds of millions of gallons of drinking water is drawn
from wellfields across the state every day - not only to quench the thirst of a
growing population, but also to nourish lawns and gardens.

Though most municipalities limit irrigation to one day a week, Floridians on
average still use more water on their yards than they consume.

It's something this west Pasco County city wants to change.

New Port Richey officials are preparing to expand the city's nascent reclaimed
water system as part of a long-term conservation effort.

The ambitious venture will begin with an estimated $2.2 million project that
will offer reclaimed water to the city's North River neighborhood.

Eventually they hope to hook up the entire city to the system.

Reclaimed water is treated wastewater from sewage treatment plants used for
agricultural purposes such as lawn irrigation.

The project's cost will be split between the city and the Southwest Florida
Water Management District, which has pledged a matching grant. The city will pay
half through its stormwater reserve fund.

City Manager Scott Miller said the city is expected to receive the bulk of the
grant - or $700,000 - this year and the rest in coming years.

Users will be charged a flat rate of $10 a month for unlimited water.

"That's a deal," he said. "I'd like to make it available to everyone."

City planners say they chose the North River neighborhood because residents had
expressed strong interest in participating in a reclaimed water project as part
of a long-term redevelopment plan for the area.

Miller said it's a matter of getting a return on the city's investment

"We want at least 50 percent of the people to commit to doing it," he said. "If
we don't get that, the system is not going to pay for itself."

It's also an issue of higher consumption levels in the neighborhood.

There are 483 households in North River, and residents use more than 109,000
gallons of water a day on their lawns, according to figures submitted for the
grant proposal to Swiftmud, a common name for the water district.

The project would provide more than 217,000 gallons of reclaimed water a day to
the neighborhood, city officials have estimated.

Waste Not, Want This?

For several years, the city quietly has been tying new customers into the
reclaimed system, targeting areas where the demand is strong.

Hundreds of residents in the Jasmine Hills and Woodridge Estates subdivisions
and east Grand Boulevard now use reclaimed water.

Most of the city's public parks, downtown streetscaping and median flower and
tree displays are irrigated weekly with reclaimed water.

It also is provided to several public schools in the city and to Magnolia Valley
Golf Course.

City officials laud the results of these pilot projects, saying the
neighborhoods served boast some of the finest lawns in the city.

"It's been very successful," Miller said. "All the lawns are green."

A mix of Swiftmud grants and local funding has fueled the expansion.

"We'd like to provide it in every area where people are going to use it," said
Tom O'Neill, the city's public works director. "But we need to get the
commitments from these areas or we don't get the state funding."

The Call To Conserve

New Port Richey buys more than 85 percent of its drinking water from Tampa Bay
Water, and city officials say they have an ample supply.

Still, as in many other municipalities, officials here are concerned about the
state's growing level of consumption, which has strained reserves.

The city council recently reduced lawn watering to one day a week.

"With the amount of people coming to Florida, we're eventually going to run
out," Miller said. "We're wasting a very important resource."

Regionally, Tampa Bay Water managers envision replacing drinking water with
reclaimed water for irrigation by 2025.

In the past 20 years, Swiftmud planners partially have funded at least 275
reclaimed water projects in the district, which spans 17 counties along the west
coast of Florida, from Levy to Charlotte.

That translates into more than 200 million gallons a day.

"Our ultimate goal is to supply an alternative water source so people aren't
using high-quality groundwater on their lawns," said Anthony Andrade, a senior
reclaimed water project manager for Swiftmud.

Statewide, less than 1 percent of the drinking water from regional wellfields
and reservoirs is consumed by Floridians. Most of it is used for lawns, crop
irrigation and other commercial uses.

Initially It Was Free

Several reclaimed water projects are in the works across the county.

Since 1990, Pasco has used wastewater for irrigation. The county now serves
10,000 customers, pumping about 11 million gallons of reclaimed water in 2005,
officials said.

The demand is strong. Every drop of the nearly 20 million gallons produced daily
typically is used, county officials say. It takes about six households to make
enough reclaimed water for one household.

In the beginning, county officials were giving away the recycled water, agreeing
to free long-term contracts with some bulk commercial customers. Now such
customers have meters and pay based on the amount they use.

"When we started doing this, we had to literally beg people to take reclaimed
water," said Bruce Kennedy, Pasco's assistant administrator for utilities. "Now
we don't have enough to go around."

The county is building a reservoir for reclaimed water on 35 acres next to its
wastewater treatment plant on Parkway Boulevard, which will conserve more than
300,000 gallons a day of drinkable water.

Swiftmud and the county will split the $3.8 million price.

In Timber Greens, a $500,000 project will give about 300 residents access to
reclaimed water. The project includes creating a storage pond to hold up to
500,000 gallons of reclaimed water and a pump station capable of putting out 1
million gallons a day.

Zephyrhills supplies several neighborhoods and schools with reclaimed water.
Dade City has several projects under way but only provides reclaimed water to a
handful of farms.

(CHART) AT A GLANCE

Here are a few facts and figures pertaining to the Southwest Florida Water
Management District, which spans 17 counties, from Levy to Charlotte, including
Pasco:

o More than 45 percent of wastewater is reused.

o Six power plants use reclaimed water as cooling water.

o More than 160 golf courses irrigate with reclaimed water.

o Almost 9,000 acres of crops, mostly citrus, are irrigated with reclaimed
water.

o More than 78,000 residential customers irrigate with reclaimed water.

Information from Swiftmud. Figures are from 2005, the most recent available.

Reporter Christian M. Wade can be reached at (727) 815-1082 or
cwade@tampatrib.com.

Photo credit: Tribune photos by ANDY JONES

Photo: Public works officials Roger Goodwin, left, and Thomas O'Neill stand over
a reclaimed water processing area.

Photo: New Port Richey will spend an estimated $2.2 million for a project to
expand its reclaimed water service.

Copyright © 2007, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO 2

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              433 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            January 13, 2017 Friday

Half of households could still face water charges

BYLINE: Sarah Bardon

SECTION: FRONT PAGE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 316 words


Political Reporter

More than half of the country's households could still face domestic water
charges if the expert commission's recommendations are implemented, an
Oireachtas committee has heard.

The expert commission has proposed the State allow each household a free daily
allowance and estimated it could be in the region of 123 litres per person a
day.

Householders would then be asked to pay for anything above their average
allowance.

Appearing before the Oireachtas Committee on the Future Funding of Domestic
Water Services , Irish Water managing director Jerry Grant said more than half
of the population use more than 123 litres a day.

In response to questions from Anti-Austerity Alliance TD Mick Barry, Mr Grant
said setting the allowance was a policy matter.

Minister for Housing Simon Coveney has said he believes 123 litres would be an
acceptable daily allowance.

The average usage in Ireland is about 46,000 litres a year, but figures given to
the committee by Irish Water show most homes use more than this.

Billing spending

This would mean they would have to make a payment if the commission's report is
accepted.

Irish Water also told the Oireachtas committee it spends an annual EUR 25
million on billing its customers.

It said EUR 13 million was spent in distributing bills, the call centre based in
Co Cork cost EUR 10 million to run and there was a further EUR 2 million in
staff costs. The committee was told this money would be saved if a decision was
taken to abolish water charges.

Meanwhile, chief executive of Ervia, Michael McNicholas, defended the utility's
spend on consultants, insisting they were "international experts".

He insisted EUR 73 million was not wasted and was spent on expert advice
necessary to establish the company.

The money was spent on building the necessary software and computer systems
needed to establish a national water services company, he added.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2017 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              434 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Pretoria News (South Africa)

                              May 07, 2013 Tuesday
                                   E1 Edition

Bucket system backlog blamed on municipal woes

BYLINE:  Babalo Ndenze

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 572 words


BUCKET toilets will be with us for many years to come, says Human Settlements
Minister Tokyo Sexwale, as inadequately equipped municipalities struggle with
the massive backlog.

Municipalities have proved to be the weakest link in the mess, according to
Sexwale, a situation considered by the South African Human Rights Commission to
be a violation of basic human rights.

Sexwale was responding to a parliamentary question from DA MP Stevens Mokgalapa
on the bucket system.

Mokgalapa had asked Sexwale what the sanitation backlog was and the reasons for
it. He also asked him to give the date by which the backlog would be cleared.

The minister revealed that the national sanitation backlog stood at 2 278
million households.

Sexwale said the backlog was the combination of an exceptionally large backlog
inherited in 1994 and an increase in the number of smaller households.

Rural-urban migration and the influx of foreigners into informal settlements,
particularly in urban areas, contributed to the backlog.

Insufficient budget allocations by municipalities for sanitation were an
obstacle to reducing the backlog significantly.

"The target date to eradicate the basic sanitation services backlog is December
2014," the minister said in his reply.

"However, this target may not be met due to insufficient financial resources and
a lack of technical and financial management skills at municipal level."

It was not clear when the bucket system would be eradicated, especially in rural
areas, Sexwale said.

The matter would receive priority attention during the development of the Water
and Sanitation Master Plan, which was to propose steps to eradicate the bucket
system, he said.

"Municipalities are encouraged to utilise their municipal infrastructure grant
allocations for this purpose as well," said Sexwale.

The ANC parliamentary caucus discussed the eradication of the bucket system at
length at its recent lekgotla, at which the MPs talked about matters relating to
"social transformation".

"Parliament must ensure the process of eradicating the bucket system in
provinces where it still exists is accelerated," chief whip Mathole Motshekga
said after the caucus's lekgotla in March.

"Attention must also be given to areas still facing challenges of water
provision. Where there are pipes with no running water, urgent steps should be
taken to ensure that water reticulation is undertaken."

In February, the SA Human Rights Commission raised concerns about sanitation in
RDP homes, with its head, Lawrence Mushwana, saying recommendations made to the
Department of Human Settlements had been ignored.

One recommendation was that the bucket system be eradicated.

Mushwana said the department had failed to make any progress, and the system
remained prevalent in the Eastern, Northern and Western Capes.

According to a comprehensive report released in January by the SA Institute of
Race Relations, Gauteng had eradicated the bucket system, while in the Western
Cape it remained in use by about 2 percent of households.

The Moqhaka Local Municipality in the Free State is also grappling with the
bucket system.

The DA's Free State leader, Patricia Kopane, MP, said the municipality was
ignoring two orders from the SA Human Rights Commission that it "respect the
dignity of residents" and build proper toilets.

"As a result, residents use bucket system sanitation, which is another human
right violation by the Moqhaka Local Municipality," said Kopane.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PN


                Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              435 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

SF and DUP unite to prevent introduction of water charges

BYLINE: NOEL McADAM

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 605 words


THE Executive has again agreed to block the introduction of water charges that
would cost Northern Ireland households an average £400 a year.

Ministers yesterday voted to maintain their current position of opposing extra
domestic charges, which involves an annual subsidy of around £300m to NI Water.

The charges would, if brought in, help offset the Treasury's cuts to the
province's block grant caused by to the introduction of corporation tax powers.

But a joint Sinn Fein and DUP proposal at yesterday's Executive meeting - the
first after the summer recess - will ensure the continuation of the policy
against water charges for the foreseeable future.

Sinn Fein MLA Conor Murphy said afterwards: "I am pleased that the Executive
backed this proposal and that homeowners in the North will not be charged for
water.

"Access to water is a basic right and we will ensure that water charges will
continue to be blocked. Sinn Fein remains absolutely opposed to the introduction
of domestic water charges, North or South."

A paper commissioned by the Executive more than 18 months ago, however,
questioned whether the subsidy to NI Water was till "prudent".

It pointed out that Northern Ireland was unique in the UK with householders not
paying a direct charge for water and sewerage services, although it conceded
they do "make an indirect contribution through the domestic regional rate".

The paper argued, "Given this predicted sustained period of budget constraint in
Northern Ireland, due consideration should be given to financing measures
outside the usual Westminster allocations" - and included a range of ideas, with
extra borrowing among them.

"Given the regional rate only constitutes part of the Northern Ireland total
household rates bill, a question arises about the basis for the Executive's
assessment of consumer confidence," it added.

"By not introducing water charges to Northern Ireland, the Executive is
effectively left with no choice but to support NI Water financially, by
approximately £300m a year.

"This subsidy is projected to increase in the coming years. Is it prudent that
the Executive continues to subsidise NI Water to the extent it does?" In the
last debate in the Assembly, however, MLAs backed a DUP motion reaffirming the
rejection "of the imposition of water rates on the people of Northern Ireland",
DUP MLA Trevor Clarke said: "We are all familiar with the fact that the water
charge would be, on average, just over £400 per household.

"The average rates bill per household is approximately £800. For many, it is a
struggle to find what they have to pay without an additional burden being put on
them."

Alliance is the only main party at Stormont that has supported the possible
introduction of water charges in the past, among a range of other options.

In the last debate, however, Alliance MLA Chris Lyttle argued: "We oppose the
introduction of additional water charges at this time because other Executive
parties have failed to tackle waste and inefficiency in their departments.

"We do, however, need to give serious consideration as to how water and sewerage
infrastructure will be adequately financed and governed if fit-for-purpose
provision for existing and new customers, environmental protection, flood
prevention and economic growth are to be achieved.

"Alliance believes that existing charges for water should be more open and
transparent.

"Households should have an identifiable charge for water separated from the
rates bill, with no household paying twice.

"That would provide a clearer picture of how our water and sewerage system is
being paid for, with protections for vulnerable households."

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Pleased: Sinn Fein's Conor Murphy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BTT


                Copyright 2016 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              436 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                          September 5, 2012 Wednesday

Montgomery

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 560 words


DAYTON

City Commission meeting canceled

Today's meeting of the City Commission, scheduled for 6 p.m., has been canceled
because of a lack of a quorum. Three of the five commissioners are unable to
attend.

The next City Commission meeting will be Wednesday, Sept. 12, at 8:30 a.m. STAFF
REPORT

DAYTON

Conservancy district gets praise from state

The Miami Conservancy District has gotten praise from the Ohio Environmental
Protection Agency for its "People Prevent Pollution" campaign that emphasizes
easy-to-use ideas around the house to reduce water pollution. OEPA called the
campaign an "Outstanding Project." The District was awarded a $47,427 grant from
OEPA for the campaign that partnered with other agencies to raise awareness of
water quality issues. STEVE BENNISH

CENTERVILLE

Foundation to honor pair at fundraiser

The Centerville-Washington Foundation will recognize Ad-am and Bootie Zengel as
Community Founders during an Oct. 10 reception at the Golf Club at Yankee Trace.
The event will raise money for the foundation, which provides grants to other
organizations.

For more information, call (937) 433-0811 or go to www.ce
ntervillewashingtonfoundatio n.org.

KETTERING

City to find out costs for recoating slides

City Council has approved seeking quotes for recoating water slides at Adventure
Reef Water Park at the Kettering Recreation Complex.

A previous recoating was done two years ago. A longer-lasting material will be
used following the park's closing for the season. City officials estimate the
cost at more than $40,000.

TERRY MORRIS

DAYTON

Household budget workshop Sept. 24

A budgeting and finance workshop open to all Dayton Public Schools families will
be from 6 to 7:30 p.m. Sept. 24 at the district's Community Room at the corner
of Fourth and Ludlow streets downtown.

They can learn how to set up a household budget; finance a car, home or college
education; the goal is to leave with an actual budget for the household and
information on how to select and develop a banking relationship. The school
district, Key Bank and Parents Advancing Choice in Education are sponsoring this
Parent University session. To register, call (937) 542-3013. MARGO RUTLEDGE
KISSELL

VANDALIA

Pull to raise funds for Special Olympics

Registration is open for a Dayton Plane Pull to raise money for Special Olympics
Ohio. Dayton International Airport will host the event from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m.
Sept. 8 at Wright Brothers Aero.

The plane pull tests teams of up to 20 members to see which is the fastest to
pull a FedEx 727-200 aircraft 12 feet.

Each team must raise $750 to participate. Registration is open at www.sooh.org;
online registration is encouraged. Team members will receive a 2012 Dayton Plane
Pull T-shirt.

Interested people can select a team name and register at
http://sooh.kintera.org/ dayton-planepull-2012. For more information about
Special Olympics Ohio, visit http://www.sooh.org/ or telephone (614) 239-7050.
The plane pull is free and open to the public.

STEVE BENNISH

OAKWOOD

City accepts bid for street improvements

The city has accepted a bid of $118,020 from the Leo B. Schroeder Co. for the
removal and replacement of concrete streets including Shafor Boulevard, Garden
Road, Raleigh Road, Woodstock Drive and Schantz Avenue. The work will require
about 120 days.

City manager Norbert Klopsch said $125,000 had been budgeted for the project.

TERRY MORRIS

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              437 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                            June 10, 2015 Wednesday

A fair lead costs deal is essential - Water pipes threat

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 199 words


Minister for the Environment Alan Kelly told his cabinet colleagues yesterday
that Irish Water had found lead pipes or lead joints in something around 75,000
homes. This figure would probably rise if all homes were surveyed.

The minister s assertion that home owners will be responsible for the vast
majority of the repairs and expenses incurred may be a tad premature. Mr Kelly
has announced a  2,000 per-house grant to help households cover the cost but the
grant will not be offered to every household and will target low-income
families. On the face of it, that seems reasonable but if the lead is in a
section of the water supply system installed by a local authority, or on behalf
of a local authority, it seems unreasonable to expect an individual to pay to
remove the threat. The costs should be at least shared, maybe by a reduction in
local property taxes or water charges for a period.

Irish Water, the HSE, the EPA, the Commission for Energy Regulation, and the
Department of the Environment will be involved in the campaign to remove the
threat.

The news also raises the question: What material are we using today that will in
time be identified as toxic?

VISIT THE VIEWPOINTS HOME PAGE

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              438 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                       June 24, 2005 Friday Final Edition

Grey power helps keep the garden green

BYLINE: Scott Hannaford

SECTION: A; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 583 words


Business Reporter

After more than two years of development and testing, Canberra company Perpetual
Water has begun selling its home-based grey-water recycling system and is
predicting a growing market for its products beyond the ACT border.

Based at Phillip, the company began installing one of the first commercial
household grey water treatment systems yesterday.

It hoped the system would become a feature of most new and renovated homes in
Canberra in coming years.

The company said it believed the system had the potential to radically reduce
the amount of household water going down the drain in the ACT.

While it was not the only grey water treatment system on the market, managing
director John Grimes said the Perpetual Water system was the only one available
which removed most of the biological contaminants, leaving highly cleaned water.

"In NSW you've got 3000 new houses built a month which have to comply with [laws
requiring a reduction of potable water use, generally achieved through rainwater
tanks].

"That's a huge opportunity, especially given the space required and the cost of
putting a tank underground." The company had also had inquiries for the system
from as far afield as Fiji, Canada and Cyprus.

The system works by taking waste water from the shower, bath, vanity sink and
laundry and processing it through a series of settling tanks and absorption
filters.

The treated water is then stored in a holding tank attached to the side of the
house ready to be used for the garden, toilet or washing machine.

"Rainwater tanks obviously depend on rain to fill, and if you get 60 days with
no rain, it makes them useless after a few days.

"With this system it's constantly being filled, and the size of the unit is far
smaller than the tanks many people are installing in places like Sydney's
western suburbs.

"It's like putting your house on constant Level 5 water restrictions because you
aren't using any [mains] water on the garden, yet you've got plenty of other
water you can use to keep the garden looking good without the long-term damage
of putting untreated grey water straight on the garden," Mr Grimes said.

The Canberra company has also been spotted by the ABC's New Inventors program
and is due to be featured in the coming weeks, a move which has launched the
careers of a number of other successful Australian inventors.

Since the company formed and began work on the product in 2003, Perpetual Water
has received financial assistance from a Knowledge Fund grant.

It has also received a number of awards, including winning a 2004 Yellow Pages
Business Ideas Grants award.

Mr Grimes said that despite his lack of chemistry background, he had decided to
find a solution to the problem of how to use the wasted water coming out of his
house and had set about tracking down scientists who could help him develop a
user-friendly product.

"I'm not a water expert, but I think one of the lessons of our company is you
don't have to be an expert to be an innovator. It's all about finding a solution
to a problem ... which is driven by market pull rather than product push." He
said a recent round of capital raising had seen local investors contribute about
$1million in just a few days, a sign of confidence in the company's prospects.

One of the next challenges for the company was to extend its systems beyond
household use to cater for industrial grey-water recycling and for larger plants
in apartment and office buildings.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2005 The Federal Capital Press of Australia Pty
                                    Limited


                              439 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           November 26, 2011 Saturday

Poland: Suski district Renewable Energy Program

LENGTH: 344  words


Total budget of the project: US $ 12,133,679.53 (CHF 11%295%242)
Date of grant approval: 18.06.2011
Date of completion: ongoing
In the Suski district, private households account for an important share of
environmentally harmful emissions. Some 60% of these emissions stem from coal
based devices used by households for heating and domestic hot water production.
Through the installation of solar systems, the project aims at improving air
quality in valuable nature reserves by reducing emissions from mostly coal based
water heating systems of private households and the regional hospital in the
Suski district.


Theme/Focus Area: Environment and Infrastructure
Basic Infrastructure: Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy
Target Group: The direct beneficiaries will be the district hospital in Sucha
Beskidzka and private households within or in proximity of valuable nature
reserves. Indirect beneficiaries are the inhabitants of the wider area.
Context: The Suski district is home to an important variety of flora and fauna
that is protected by five Natura 2000 sites. Since there are no significant
industrial premises located in the region, private households account for an
important share of the overall polluting emission in the area. Due to dispersed
settlements there are no central heating installations and most households have
coal based heating devices.
Goals: Improvement in health and living conditions for the whole population in
the covered region, Improvement in environmental conditions, especially air
quality, in the covered region.
Activities: Purchase and installation of complete solar systems for domestic hot
water production on more than 2%300 carefully selected residential buildings.
Purchase and installation of a complete solar systems for hot water  production
in the regional hospital of Sucha Beskidzka.
Results: Increase of solar energy in the national Polish energy balance.
Reduction of conventional fuels used in residential buildings and in the
hospital.
Reduction of emissions from residential buildings.

country :Poland
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              440 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    Cape Cod Times (Hyannis, Massachesetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 30, 2010 Sunday

Cape septic woes could drain wallets for years

BYLINE: Doug Fraser, Cape Cod Times, Hyannis, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 2368 words


May 30--Who pays?

That's the crux of Cape Cod's wastewater debate.

Cape taxpayers could spend a total of $3 billion to $8 billion to stem the tide
of nitrogen, largely from septic systems, flowing into our harbors, bays, rivers
and ponds. It's little surprise that the cost of treatment is dividing Cape
towns.

The expense is so great that towns might have to carry the debt for 50 years --
two generations. And that could threaten other town capital projects as well as
future Proposition 21/2 overrides, some town officials say.

But those officials face this contradiction: Although the Environmental
Protection Agency and the state Department of Environmental Protection require
under the federal Clean Water Act that towns clean up nitrogen, there is little
hope of significant government funds or loans to do it.

That leaves officials dependent on taxpayers' willingness to pay for wastewater
treatment, along with innovative financing and occasional federal or state
dollars. And officials must figure out how -- or if -- to divide the costs
between all taxpayers and those connected to the system.

"It is an unfunded mandate," said Adam Krantz, the managing director of
government affairs for the National Association of Clean Water Agencies, a trade
association in Washington, D.C., representing public wastewater treatment
agencies.

"The federal government has taken the position that their job is to regulate,
but not to be a partner on the funding side," Krantz said.

Wastewater is by far the most expensive municipal project ever undertaken in any
of the Cape towns. For instance, Falmouth's total municipal debt right now is
$150 million. Under one possible wastewater financing scenario, that debt would
more than double in 2016 by borrowing $200 million to finance just the first
phase of the project. And that phase encompasses just 4,000 households, or less
than one-quarter of the population. The town would need to borrow a second $200
million between 2027 and 2037 to treat waste from 4,000 more households and
businesses.

Barnstable potentially has the most expensive cleanup costs on the Cape with
$675 million in townwide sewer improvements. To put that in perspective, the
town's financial advisory committee on wastewater estimated that Barnstable's
$33,033 per household average cost was nearly seven times the $4,893 per
household cost of the $4.2 billion Boston Harbor cleanup.

Federal funding fluctuates

Funding from the federal government for wastewater infrastructure can be hit or
miss, said Mark Forest, chief of staff for U.S. Rep. William Delahunt, D-Mass.
The amount of money varies widely year to year based on administrations and
Congress, he said, but has improved slightly under the Obama administration and
the current Congress.

Last year, for example, the U.S. Department of Agriculture announced that
Chatham would receive $40 million in a grant and low-interest loans. The town
had received $2 million from the USDA earlier in the year.

Additional funding for wastewater and drinking water projects for towns on the
Cape and Martha's Vineyard was announced in January, including $30 million more
in grants and loans from the USDA and $44 million in federal stimulus money
through the state's revolving loan fund.

Although federal money for wastewater did increase from around $2 billion to $10
billion this year, thanks largely to stimulus money, the EPA estimates there is
a gap of $150 billion to $400 billion between what is needed for clean water
infrastructure and federal funding levels over the next decade.

The federal government used to be a better partner. After the Clean Water Act
was passed in 1972, it spent around $60 billion over the next decade subsidizing
up to 70 percent of construction costs for wastewater treatment plants
nationwide. That changed in the 1980s when construction subsidies were phased
out and funds were slashed and shunted to the states as low-interest loan
programs instead of grants. Through much of the '90s, the annual total
contribution was below $2.5 billion. That has recently improved to around $5
billion per year. And the program changed slightly for the coming year with the
federal government now requiring that 30 percent of what is given to states be
awarded in grants.

Jackie LeClair, the regional municipal assistance manager for the EPA argues
that, thanks to federal contributions, state clean water revolving funds have
been growing for 20 years, creating more lending power. The $1.9 billion that
has flowed to the New England region over the years has been leveraged into $5.6
billion in low-interest loans to communities, she said. Recent Massachusetts
legislation reserved $1 billion in zero-interest loans over the next decade for
communities to deal with wastewater pollution of coastal waterways.

Still, as of June 2009, the main funding source for Massachusetts wastewater
projects, the Clean Water State Revolving Fund, had provided a little less than
$1 billion in the past two decades.

Town officials aren't holding their collective breath on federal or state aid.

"I guess I wouldn't bother gnashing my teeth over it. That seems to be a
hopeless cause," said Peter Boyer, former Falmouth town manager, who has taken a
leading role as vice-chairman of the town's wastewater plan review committee.
He's been helping to figure out how the town will pay for as much as $450
million in wastewater infrastructure.

Like many involved in wastewater at the municipal level, Boyer is focused on how
to reduce the burden on all taxpayers and those who connect to the sewer system.
He walks a fine line between making these massive projects affordable and
getting consensus from enough voters, including those who don't directly
benefit.

Because two-thirds of Falmouth does not need wastewater treatment, Boyer thinks
the town has to structure payments so that the one-third who will be served by a
sewer system bear a significant portion of the costs by paying betterment fees.
He knows the town will face several debt exclusions that will require a
two-thirds vote to pass.

If the first $200 million phase of Falmouth's wastewater plan was covered solely
by taxes, it would mean a 12-percent tax increase, or $350 a year added onto the
tax on a $400,000 home. Boyer doesn't think that will fly with voters.

"It's a matter of developing that consensus of what is fair," he said.

But any financial scenario also has to sit well with those who will be required
to connect to sewers. With the help of state legislation, and by extending the
payback time to 50 years, Boyer hopes to get betterments under $1,000 a year. He
thinks 90 percent of the 8,100 households that are likely to need treatment can
afford that.

But $1,000 could still be a make-or-break amount for the remaining 800 or so
households. And those who are connected to the system will have to pay a monthly
fee based on usage, like a water bill.

The reality is that there will be little aid for most of those households, and
any relief will likely be limited to low-income elderly, Boyer said.

"Will some people get driven out of town?" Boyer asked. "Unfortunately, that is
going to happen."

Additionally, Boyer assumes that in light of such a massive investment, there
will be no operational budget overrides in Falmouth for at least 20 years.

"Something could happen. An upgrade of a water system, a bridge collapse, a
hurricane washes out town roads," Boyer said. But the days of going to the well
for routine overrides are over, he said.

Situations vary across cape

He fears the town risks taxpayer revolt if taxes go up too steeply, so Falmouth
will hold off on construction and borrowing for another five years until the
town pays off enough debt to take on the first installment of the massive loans.

Chatham is more fortunate because the town has paid off a number of projects in
the past decade and cut its debt payments in half. Even if the town replaces the
police station at an estimated $16.9 million and the fire station for $8
million, tax bills will still drop steadily over the next 20 years by as much as
75 cents per thousand valuation.

That was one reason Chatham chose to go forward with the first phase of a $266
million wastewater project, including a $60 million expansion of the treatment
plant and installation of pipes to one section of town. It was easier in Chatham
than in Falmouth for town officials to decide that the burden should be shared
equally by all taxpayers. Nearly all the town will ultimately be connected to
the sewer system, although for some properties it may take decades.

Even without factoring in the debt drop-off, the impact on a median-priced
$535,000 home is considerably lower than in Falmouth and is estimated at $22,879
over 50 years, with an average yearly cost of $438. With the combination of debt
reduction and excess revenues generated by new sewer system customers, Chatham
taxpayers could see as little as $60 per year added taxes on a median-priced
home.

Compare that with Falmouth, where the combination of betterments and the tax
increase for more than 8,000 homes could be much as $3,000 per household per
year in the worst-case scenario and around $1,200 in the best.

Meanwhile, the town of Barnstable learned this year what happens when officials
try to pass the check only to those who directly benefit.

Residents of the Stewarts Creek neighborhood in Hyannis vehemently protested
when the town decided that a new $3.1 million sewer system would be paid for
only by those who connect to the system. The result was an unpalatable $22,000
assessment per household. The town is now working out a way to ease their burden
with some of the cost borne by other taxpayers.

Stewarts Creek is small potatoes compared to the rest of Barnstable's project.
The town has the largest, most expensive, wastewater project of any Cape town,
at $675 million, affecting nearly 12,000 households and businesses, or 43
percent of the town. Officials are also proposing to do a $209 million road
improvement project at the same time. They are working on ways to fund both
projects.

Escalating user fees, the cost to connect, combined with the property tax
increase and a betterment charge makes Robert Ciolek, the former chief operating
officer for the MWRA, who now works on Barnstable's financial wastewater
advisory committee, skeptical of those who say they shouldn't have to pay for
someone else's sewer.

"The average (sewer) fee in Barnstable right now is $350 (a year), but that
could go up by 200, 300, 400 percent," cautioned Ciolek.

The increases are likely because sewer commissions tend to go to ratepayers to
finance future capital expenses or to bridge shortfalls in funding. The MWRA's
average yearly fees went from $400 at the start of their cleanup to $1,200 at
the end, Ciolek said. And there usually is no financing available for the cost
to connect to the system and to decommission septic tanks, which, combined,
could range from a few thousand dollars up to $10,000 or more.

"If you make the case that everyone benefits equally from clean water then there
should be a contribution from everyone in the town," he said.

Barnstable Finance Director Mark Milne thinks towns should consider a more
regional approach. Milne would like to see at least some of the cost of cleaning
up Cape waters encompass all Cape taxpayers, regardless of whether their town
has a wastewater problem. He, and others, envision a countywide trust, a water
bank similar to the former Cape Cod Land Bank, that helped towns to purchase
open space.

Regionalizing infrastructure

A regional funding source could also encourage regionalization of
infrastructure, such as new wastewater treatment plants, which can reduce costs
by as much as one-third.

"Every homeowner would pay into the tax. Everyone pays the same amount. We all
share the same aquifer, the same water and we all share the same economy," Milne
argued.

The federal government also might be more willing to contribute to wastewater
projects if the region were able to raise money through a countywide funding
source, said Forest.

But Boyer, from Falmouth, doesn't believe that Sandwich, for instance, which has
little or no wastewater problems, would be interested in paying to sewer his
town.

"When you get a county program, who decides who gets what money?" asked Boyer.
"I wouldn't want that job."

But that is essentially what Maryland did to help finance its portion of the
Chesapeake Bay cleanup. In 2004, the state created the Bay Restoration Fund and
assessed each home and home-equivalent unit such as hotels and motels an annual
$30 fee. That steady revenue stream of around $70 to $80 million a year helps
leverage between $600 million and $1 billion in loans each year for wastewater
projects, as well as grants to upgrade major wastewater treatment plants, sewage
distribution systems and failing septic systems.

There are other innovative ideas on the horizon, such as a National
Infrastructure Bank, championed by Sen. Chris Dodd, D-Conn., and Rep. Barney
Frank, D-Mass., and endorsed by President Obama and some big-city mayors. The
idea is to create a bank that would provide low-cost loans to finance
infrastructure such as roads and wastewater, said Jeffrey Hughes, director of
the Environmental Finance Center at the University of North Carolina.

But Krantz is skeptical that money from such a bank would ever make it to rural
areas like Cape Cod. Instead, he would like to see a national clean water trust
fund similar to the national highway trust fund. He hopes that $10 billion a
year could be raised largely by taxing industries highly dependent on clean
water.

"The federal government has come back into the game," Krantz said, but needs to
establish a steady funding source to pump at least $10 billion a year into
projects.

"Help is on the way."

To see more of the Cape Cod Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.capecodonline.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Cape Cod Times, Hyannis, Mass.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100530-CA-Cape-septic-woes-could-drain-wallets-for-years-0530

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                         Copyright 2010 Cape Code Times


                              441 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 8, 2007 Thursday

Sewer projects on tap for spring: Lines to be extended to 2 subdivisions

BYLINE: James Mayse, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 598 words


Feb. 8--This spring, the Regional Water Resource Agency will break ground on two
major sewer line extension projects, which have a combined cost of $770,000.

David Hawes, executive director of RWRA, said residents in the Stonybrook
subdivision are very interested in getting sewers -- a project that will connect
about 43 homes to sewers at a cost of $240,000.

The agency also plans to begin work extending sewers to Glenview subdivision,
south of U.S. 60 East. The Glenview expansion will connect about 125 homes to
sewers at a cost of $530,000. Much of the cost for the Glenview expansion will
be offset by $243,000 in Infrastructure and Economic Development Fund dollars.

Stonybrook is southeast of Owensboro between Kentucky 298 and the William H.
Natcher Parkway. Charlie Roberts, who has lived in the neighborhood for more
than 34 years, said septic tank failures have been causing problems for
homeowners.

"Every time we have a wet spell, you can't flush the toilet," Roberts said.
During periods of heavy rain, sludge from septic tanks rises to the surface,
leaving black pools in yards, Roberts said.

"We didn't have much of a problem when we first moved here because there were
only six or eight houses," Roberts said. Increased development caused the septic
systems to become overwhelmed, he said.

Problems with septic tanks are common in the county.

"There's no such thing as an (unsewered) neighborhood in Daviess County that
doesn't have septic issues," Hawes said. RWRA has documented hundreds of homes
across the county that are yet to be connected to sewers.

Neighborhoods where a high number of residents petition for sewer service are
given priority by the sewer agency. As septic tank problems worsened, more
Stonybrook residents became interested in obtaining sewer service, Roberts said.

"We made several attempts over the years," he said. "Of course, a lot of people
didn't want to instigate a sewer program because they weren't having a problem
at that time. I'm sure glad some of them finally came over. You always have a
few who don't want to do anything."

Before RWRA begins a sewer extension project, agency officials hold public
meetings to discuss the project with neighborhood residents. Normally, at least
a few will complain about the plan.

But no one in the Stonybrook neighborhood objected to the extension project,
Hawes said.

"This is the first time I didn't have negative feedback from the group," Hawes
said. "Generally, I'd say this is a sign the vast majority want it.

"This is a project we've been wanting to do for several years."

No grants will be used to help pay for the Stonybrook project, which will cost
each household several thousand dollars. But the $243,000 in state grant dollars
available for the Glenview project will cut the resident cost by $1,800 per
household, Hawes said. The grant money for the project was approved in the 2005
state budget.

Hawes said RWRA officials will bid the contract on the Stonybrook project in the
late winter or early spring, after the agency has received all the required
easements from homeowners.

Roberts said he is looking forward to having the sewer lines installed.

"We've been planning on it," he said. "... We want to do some work on our back
property but can't do it until (the ground) dries up."

Copyright (c) 2007, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070208-OW-0208-Sewer-projects-on-tap-for-spring

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2007 Messenger-Inquirer


                              442 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            January 27, 2015 Tuesday

Ecological Community Demonstration Project in Addressing Climate Change

LENGTH: 490  words


Grantee:  Hangzhou Ecological Culture Association
Area Of Work:  Climate Change Mitigation
Operational Phase:  Phase 5
Grant Amount: US$ 50,000.00
Co-Financing in-Kind: US$ 27,018.00
There is few related policy on ecological community establishment to adress
climate change issue in China. Currently, only one official document 'Technical
Guideline and Key Matters on Establishment of Green Ecological Residential
ommunity' enacted by Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development. In
Hangzhou city, some competition activities on 'green community' or 'low carbon
community' have organized, which focus on environmental protection publicity and
outreach. Few projects can provide participative and practicable activities and
methodologies on low carbon to the public. The project will demonstrate a low
carbon ecological community to address climate change by practicable activities.


Main problems:
1. Lacking of sustainable and stable endogenous power of community to push
forward and maintain communty's environmental protection and ecological
construction;
2.Water resources of community haven't been used optimized;
3. Wastes of community haven't been sorted and recycled;
4. Community greening needs to be improved;
5. Lacking of energy conservation facilities and awareness.
Solutions/activities:
1.training volunteers and facilitate to establish community self-organization;

2. reform community lanscape pool by ecological means and construct rain harvest
system;
3. outreach on waste sorting and promote kitchen waste for compost, exchange
article by article, jumble sale and set up dangerous waste collection bin and
waste recycling station;
4.Promote roof greening and household gardening and farming activities;
5.Demonstrate solar energy facility and promote community energy conservation
reformation.
Anticipated results/outcomes:
1.Established a 50 members volunteer group and faciliate 10 community people to
participate in low carbon activities, which will reduce 120 tons of CO2
emissions;
2. a 400 cube meters water pool ecologically restored, which reduce 4800 tons of
water per year; the rain harvest system save 9000 tons of water per year;
3. 84 households participated in waste sorting and kitchen waste for compost
activities, which reduce 244 tons of GHG emissions per year;
4. Roof greening reduce 16.2 tons of GHG per year;
5. Solar energy facilities reduce 1077 tons of GHG per year.
Grantee Contact : Mr. Hao Xin
Phone: 0571 87755197

Email: greenxinhao@gmail.com
Address : Room 2204, No. 337P, Shaoxing Road,


Xiacheng District
Hangzhou City , Zhejiang Province ,
Website : http://www.greenzj.org
Project completion date : 2016-10-31 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : No. 2 Liangmahe Nanlu
Beijing, Chaoyang, 100600

Country :China
Email : yi.liu@undp.org,jing.li@undp.org

Financier : Global Environment Facility Small Grants Programme (SGP),

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              443 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                   Standard-Speaker (Hazleton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 25, 2009 Saturday

$12.5M grant to aid 8 local water projects

BYLINE: Mia Light, Standard-Speaker, Hazleton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 829 words


Apr. 25--The Hazleton City Authority Board of Directors, which oversees clean
water services in Greater Hazleton, hosted state Sen. Raphael Musto, D-14, at
its regular meeting Thursday for official announcement of more than $12.5
million in state grant money for water system upgrades across its service area.

Awarded through the Pennsylvania Infrastructure Investment Authority, the
$12,508,600 grant will help accomplish eight water system projects effecting
14,200 households in 13 municipalities across a three-county area.

Phillip R. Andras, chairman of the HCA board, expressed appreciation to Musto
for his support of city water issues.

"The board is well aware of your support through the many years on major
projects and issues that have confronted the authority," Andras said. "Your
concern and knowledge of issues and challenges facing the authority in providing
a safe and reliable water supply and in protecting its existing water resources
is greatly appreciated."

The HCA system improvements will affect households in the Luzerne, Carbon and
Schuylkill counties, including the City of Hazleton; the boroughs of West
Hazleton, Beaver Meadows and Jeddo, and the townships of Banks, Lausanne,
Packer, Black Creek, Foster, Hazle, Sugarloaf, Delano and Mahanoy.

"Many of Pennsylvania's water and sewer systems are aging and in need of funds
to fix the problems," Musto said. "These investment in our clean water
infrastructure are desperately needed."

In addition to funding through PennVEST, Pennsylvania is addressing sewer and
water infrastructure issues with $223.8 million in federal stimulus funds and
another $800 million in gaming revenues, Musto said. When the gaming funds are
combined with proceeds from last year's bond initiative, $1.2 billion will be
spent over the next several years to fix ailing water and sewer systems
statewide.

"The bond funds were approved overwhelmingly by voters through referendum last
November," Musto said. "This investment will not only improve our environment
but will also create and support thousands of jobs which are the foundation of
our economy."

Local projects

n Locust Street project: Installation of 3,800 linear feet of new 8-inch water
main, tie-ins, service renewals, new fire hydrants and paving from Diamond
Avenue to 17th Street in Hazleton.

n Upgrade Perry Court pump station at Third Street and Perry Court: Installation
of two new pumps, piping, new electric service, generator and building addition.

n Jeanesville-Junedale project: Install 1,275 feet of new 12-inch main to the
village of Jeanesville; install 2,300 feet of new 8-inch main tie-ins, service
renewals, new fire hydrants and final paving in Junedale, Banks Township, Carbon
County.

n SCADA system upgrades: Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition is a computer
system that gathers and analyzes real-time data, pinpointing the location of a
leak, transferring the information in an alert to the home station, and carrying
out analysis and control, such as determining if the leak is critical.

n Broad Street project: Install 4,000 feet of new 12-inch water main in Hazleton
from Laurel Street to Mill Street, including tie-ins, fire hydrants, service
renewals, railroad crossings, new pressure-reducing valves at the Hazleton
General Hospital and on Buttonwood Street and final paving; install 550 feet of
new 12-inch main on Locust Street from Broad Street to Maple Street in Hazleton;
PennDOT conflicts and tie-ins on miscellaneous side streets in Hazleton and West
Hazleton.

n McKinley Street tank and distribution improvements: Construct a new
2-million-gallon welded steel water storage tank, including foundation and new
valve house at 8th and McKinley Street; install 300 feet of new 8-inch water
main on 5th Street from McKinley to branch Court; install 500 feet of new 8-inch
water main on 6th Street from Lincoln Street to Grant Street; install 250 feet
of new 8-inch main on 7th Street from Branch Court to Lincoln Street; install
225 feet of new 8-inch main on 9th Street from McKinley Street to Branch Court;
and install 200 feet of new 8-inch main on 11th Street from Wilbur Court to
Grant Street.

n Drifton tank replacement in Butler Township: Demolition of the existing 66,000
gallon steel tank and valve building and construction of a new 300,000 gallon
welded steel water storage tank, foundation, valve house and SCADA system.

n Filtration plant upgrades: re-build three separate filters at the HCA water
filtration plant in Hazleton.

mlight@standardspeaker.com

To see more of the Standard-Speaker or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.standardspeaker.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Standard-Speaker, Hazleton,
Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090425-ZX-12.5M-grant-to-aid-8-local-water-projects-0425

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZX


                                 Copyright 2009


                              444 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                 Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 3, 2012 Thursday

Porter-Tower Joint Municipal Authority receives $11 million to upgrade
wastewater treatment facility

BYLINE: Mark Gilger Jr., Republican & Herald, Pottsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 616 words


May 03--TOWER CITY -- The Porter-Tower Joint Municipal Authority received $11
million in state funds as part of a $115 million investment in water
infrastructure projects throughout the state announced April 25 by Gov. Tom
Corbett.

"These projects will significantly continue to improved waterways, including the
Chesapeake Bay, and will also create hundreds of new jobs that are so vital to
our local communities," Gov. Corbett said in a press release. "These projects
serve the dual purposes of responsible environmental stewardship and steadfast
economic recovery, both of which are critical to the future of Pennsylvania."

The $115 million investment consists of $82 million in low-interest loans and
$33 million in grants for 28 projects in 17 counties.

The Porter-Tower Joint Municipal Authority received a $6,855,220 low-interest
loan and a $4,698,780 grant to build a new wastewater treatment facility and
modify existing facilities, eliminating inadequately treated sewage discharge.

"Our plant is hydraulically overloaded," said Wayne Orlick, the authority's
superintendent. "With the Chesapeake Bay Watershed Initiative limiting
discharges, plants need to be specially equipped and we needed to build a new
plant."

Established in 2008, the CBWI provides technical and financial assistance along
with strict regulations regarding conservation of local water sources and the
Chesapeake Bay. New limits and requirements will go into effect in October 2013.

"Hopefully, we have everything in place by Oct. 1, 2013, to meet the
requirements," Orlick said.

Orlick said the loan carries a 1-percent interest rate over a period of 20
years.

"It is going to raise rates, but we don't have a choice with the plant being too
small," Orlick said. "Rates have actually been increasing the last several years
and we still probably have a couple more increases to go yet."

Orlick said the plant bills quarterly by water usage. He said currently the
average rate per household is $53 per month. To pay off the loan, he said the
average monthly rate will increase to about $65 in the next two years.

The Porter-Tower Joint Municipal Authority provides services to about 1,400
households in Tower City and portions of Porter Township. Orlick said he hopes
to start opening the project for bid by mid-May.

The new plant will increase the capacity of the authority to extend its services
to Williams Valley High School, which are currently using a failing plant. The
plant already services the Williams Valley Elementary School.

Orlick also said that with the new plant, they are able to service the new
Salveo Health Care building in Tower City, allowing the company to expand to the
area and create 24 jobs. The company has been renovating the former Bestock
building on Wiconisco Avenue for its new personal care facility.

Other awards announced April 25 range from $19 million to upgrade a wastewater
treatment system in McKean County, creating 60 new local jobs, to a $266,000
grant for construction of nutrient-management facilities on a farm in Lancaster
County, improving water quality of the Chesapeake Bay watershed.

Funding comes from a combination of state funds approved by voters, federal
grants to the Pennsylvania Infrastructure and Investment Authority from the
Environmental Protection Agency and recycled loan repayments from previous
PENNVEST funding awards.

Project funds are disbursed after work bills are paid and receipts are sent to
PENNVEST.

For more information and a complete list of awarded funds, visit
www.pennvest.state.pa.us.

___ (c)2012 the Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pa.) Visit the Republican &
Herald (Pottsville, Pa.) at republicanherald.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120503-RN-Porter-Tower-Joint-Municipal-Authority-receives-11-million-to-upgrad
e-wastewater-treatment-facility-0503-20120503

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RN


                       Copyright 2012 Republican & Herald


                              445 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

USPTO grants trade mark "LOOLOO" to Coway Co., Ltd. CORPORATION (KOREA)

LENGTH: 168  words

DATELINE: Alexandria


Coway Co., Ltd. CORPORATION (KOREA), has been granted trademark (4607598) titled
as "LOOLOO" from the United States Patent and Trademark Office.

Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 011. US 013 021 023 031 034. G & S: Water purifying apparatus and
machines for household purposes; filters for water purifying apparatus and
machines for household purposes; bidets; ventilation devices and installations,
namely, ventilation hoods, ventilating exhaust fans, and HVAC units; air
purifying apparatus and machines for household purposes; water ionizers for
household purposes; air filtering installations; household air cleaners; water
sterilizers; water softening apparatus and installations; disinfectant
apparatus, namely, disinfectant dispensers for toilets; electric humidifiers for
household use; electric coffee machines; electric dehumidifiers for household
purposes; electric cooking utensils, namely, electric cooking pots, electric
cooking ovens, electric rice cookers, microwave ovens, and hot plates

Filing

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              446 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                           October 21, 2006 Saturday

Energy subsidy plan for homes runs out of cash: £3.5m allocation used up halfway
through year DTI hints green scheme may get more money

BYLINE: Ashley Seager

SECTION: GUARDIAN HOME PAGES; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 723 words


The government's green credentials suffered an embarrassing blow yesterday after
it emerged that a system of grants for renewable energy for householders has run
out of money this year. As Tony Blair signed a letter with his Dutch counterpart
warning that Europe only has 10-15 years to avoid "catastrophic" tipping points
on climate change, solar and other renewable power groups said all the grants
available for households had been used up, half-way through the current
financial year.

The scheme to encourage people to adopt green measures means homeowners can get
a grant of up to 50%, saving thousands of pounds, on the cost of installing
features such as solar panels to generate electricity.

Earlier this year the Department of Trade and Industry replaced its old Clear
Skies programme of grants for renewable energy with one known as the Low Carbon
Buildings Programme (LCBP) which put £80m in a pot for the next three years to
boost the use of solar and wind power among others. Of this, just £6.5m was
allocated to subsidise the use of renewables by households, with the rest going
to promote greater use of alternative energy by public and other large
buildings. Of the £6.5m, £3.5m was allocated for the 2006- 07 financial year,
£2m for next year and £1m the year after, with the idea that by then the
renewables industry should be up and running without needing any subsidy.

But because of the popularity of the grants, this year's £3.5m, supposed to last
until next April, ran out this week.

The Solar Trade Association, British Wind Energy Association and Renewable
Energy Association have written a joint letter to the energy minister, Malcolm
Wicks, warning that the viability of the fledgling industry is at risk. "With
six months of the financial year left to run, renewable energy installers and
their customers now face a major black hole in government support until the
start of year two of the programme in April 2007.

"This follows your department's decision to make severe cuts in grant support
for household renewable energy systems earlier this year under the new LCBP. It
was a decision which conflicts with the government's own microgeneration
strategy and rapidly rising public interest in mass-market renewables."

Gareth Ellis, head of renewables at the National Energy Foundation, added:
"There is much more regulation and funding encouraging the application of
renewables to new buildings and homes, but it is important to remember that the
big market out there is existing homes.

"If the market for renewables is not encouraged then we are not only missing a
huge opportunity but also jeopardising the tremendous progress achieved by
specialist renewable energy businesses in the UK to date."

A spokesman for the DTI hinted that more money may be found to top up the empty
grant pot, either in new funds or in money diverted from elsewhere in the LCBP.
"We want to develop a sustainable industry that does not rely too much on
subsidies and the fact that you can now buy solar panels and micro-wind turbines
in the high street shows that we are getting closer to that on the domestic
front at least." But he said the DTI was reviewing the amount that will be
available for the household stream: "We will be meeting with industry
representatives to discuss any changes, and we hope to make an announcement
shortly."

Recent calculations by the Guardian showed that with the sharp rises in
electricity and gas prices over the past year, solar energy for houses now makes
economic as well as environmental sense, but only when the grants are included.

In the case of solar photovoltaic cells, the grant is worth 50% of the typical
installation cost of £12,000. Photovoltaics have remained expensive because of a
worldwide shortage of silicon, from which they are made.

guardian.co.uk/environment

Household grants

DTI grants in theory available for renewable energy installations :

Solar thermal Solar panels generating hot water, 50%-70% of annual needs. Grant
is £400, 8-10% of installation cost.

Solar PV

Solar panels generating electricity, up to half annual needs. Costs around
£12,000, grants roughly 50%.

Wind turbines Up to 30% of overall £1,500 cost.

Small hydro Up to 30% of overall cost, around £4,000 per kW installed, up to 5
kW.

Ground/air/water heat pumps

System can cost £6,500. Grant is £1,200, up to 30% of costs.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              447 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                           October 27, 2007 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Solar advantage; Retrofitting an older home or adding solar panels to a new home
will reduce your energy bill

BYLINE: Patrick Langston, Citizen Special

SECTION: STYLE WEEKLY: HOMES; Green Side Up; Pg. I7

LENGTH: 786  words


Should you retrofit your home with solar power? The short answer is probably for
your hot water heater, definitely for your pool (I know, summer's a distant
memory), but likely not for your household electrical needs.

Your hot water heater is an energy hog, accounting for up to one-quarter of your
household's energy consumption.

Add greenhouse gas emissions associated with conventional hot water heating --
between 600 and 760 kg a year, according to the Ontario Ministry of Energy --
and endlessly renewable, non-polluting sunshine seems a no-brainer.

"From April to September, solar power will cover 90 per cent of your heating,"
says Michael McGahern, whose company, Ottawa Solar Power, sells, installs and
services solar hot water systems. "From June to September, it'll be 100 per
cent."

Factor in cloudy days and cooler temperatures through the balance of the year,
and a solar power system will meet 50 to 60 per cent of your annual hot water
needs.

A system for a family of four runs around $6,500, according to McGahern.

Subtract your federal and Ontario grants and rebates of $1,300, add $300 for the
energy audit required to qualify for those grants and rebates, and, based on
today's energy prices, you could expect a payback in seven to eight years, he
says.

If energy prices spiral, as some predict, payback will be even faster.

A solar hot-water system for a family of four needs a couple of
three-by-five-foot, glycol-filled collector panels installed, preferably, on a
south-facing roof.

Heavily insulated copper pipes carry the heated glycol from the panels down the
outside of the house and into the basement, where a new hot water tank with a
heat exchanger feeds your existing unit.

When the sun shines, your hot water's free; when it doesn't, your electrical or
gas-fired tank kicks in.

For optimal operation, the panels need direct sun from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. every
day, says McGahern, although the storage tank does hold the heat for up to 24
hours. The water is hottest in late morning and early afternoon.

Installation involves a couple of technicians clambering over your roof and
through your basement for about a day and a half. You'll also need a municipal
building permit.

However, "the single best use of solar energy is heating your pool," says
McGahern. "It can pay for itself within a year, a year and a half."

A system runs between $3,000 and $5,000 and, like conventional pool heating,
extends the swimming

season by two to four weeks at both ends. These systems typically work by
pumping the pool water through solar panels. Like other systems, components are
usually long-lasting and low-maintenance.

As to solar-generated residential electricity, McGahern says, "People putting in
those systems are doing it from an environmental point of view, not an economic
one."

A typical Canadian household consumes 20 to 30 kWh of electricity a day, while
even an ultra-efficient home uses three to six.

According to the experts, a solar-based electricity-generating system with its
array of sun-tracking photovoltaic panels, energy inverters and batteries will
cost $30,000 and up for every 3 kW it produces.

What's more, homeowners usually have a generator or stay hooked to the hydro
grid for those back-to-back days of cloud cover.

McGahern faults Canadian governments for short-sightedness in not subsidizing
solar technology as some European countries do.

"Through subsidies, they've spawned a multi-billion dollar industry which is
feeding those countries. They developed a tremendous amount of knowledge which
is going to benefit all of us 10 years from now."

Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp. (www.cmhc.gc.ca) and Natural Resources Canada
(www.canren.gc.ca) are good sources of information on most things solar.

Quallium, an Ottawa-based startup company, has installed solar electricity
systems for clients hungering to go off-grid. The systems are especially
practical for cottages far from hydro lines, says company owner Paul
Fritz-Nemeth.

He adds that a $5,000 to $10,000 system can provide backup for critical
household circuits to run furnace pumps and other basic equipment during a power
failure.

Not all solar panels are created equal, so it's best to ask about tolerance
variations: a good 100-watt panel will generate 95 to 105 watts; take a pass on
the one that bottoms out at 75 watts.

"The real problem is our habits," says Fritz-Nemeth. "Big-screen TVs consume a
lot of power, especially when they're left plugged in all the time.

"People think the cost of solar systems depends on the size of their house. It
really depends on what your habits are."

Patrick Langston writes about environmental issues and trends every second week
in Style Weekly Homes. Contact him at careerac@ca.inter.net

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Solar power is the way to go if you're talking about heating hot
water or a swimming pool, but it's still not an economical substitution for a
household's electrical needs. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2007 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              448 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Nelson Daily News (British Columbia)

                             April 6, 2010 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Water meters a must

BYLINE: Monty Miedreich, Nelson Daily News

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 249  words


To the Editor:

The City of Nelson wants to show itself as "Green Community" yet it does little
to promote water conservation. The continued inequitable flat rate charge does
nothing to promote conservation as all households pay the same amount regardless
of how much water they actually use. This flat rate system penalizes seniors,
smaller households, and persons who practice water conservation by choice. The
current system in effect subsidizes larger households and property owners who
continue to practice unwise water use.

The City currently practices water conservation by issuing a "request" that
people only water their lawns and gardens on alternate days during the height of
summer. I say "request" as I have yet to learn of any enforcement action against
those who do not comply. No enforcement translates to minimal compliance.

I am in favour of the City of Nelson converting to a system that actively
promotes water conservation by reducing consumption. The simplest way to achieve
this is by installing water meters. This will provide consumers with a real
indication as to how much water they are using and they will learn to adjust
their water use accordingly.

Water meters may cost the homeowner a bit of money initially but this is a small
price to pay if it means we can save water for future generations. Perhaps the
city could help homeowners offset the cost by reviewing funding opportunities or
other grants with more senior levels of government.

Monty Miedreich,

Nelson, B.C.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Nelson Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              449 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 6, 2014 Saturday

USPTO grants trade mark "STYLEPLUS" to OAK LAWN MARKETING, INC (JAPAN)

LENGTH: 341  words

DATELINE: Alexandria


OAK LAWN MARKETING, INC (JAPAN), has been granted trademark (4595087) titled as
"STYLEPLUS" from the United States Patent and Trademark Office.

Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 011. US 013 021 023 031 034. G & S: Solar water heaters; water
purifying apparatus; electric lamps; lighting apparatus; laundry dryers,
electric, for household purposes; humidifiers for household purposes; water
purifiers for household purposes, electric; electric bath-water purifying
apparatus for household purposes; air purifiers for household purposes;
dehumidifiers for household purposes; electric fans for household purposes;
water ionizers for household purposes; electrically heated carpets; electric
cooking pots for household purposes; electric coffee makers for household
purposes; Japanese electric leg-warming apparatus for household purposes
(electric kotatsu); electric cooking stoves for household purposes; electric
radiant heaters for household purposes; electric footwarmers for personal use;
electric toasters for household purposes; electric kettles for household
purposes; electric blankets for household purposes; electric refrigerators for
household purposes; electric freezers for household purposes; electric cooking
ovens for household purposes; microwave ovens as cooking apparatus, for
household purposes; electromagnetic induction cookers for household purposes;
futon dryers for household purposes; hot plates for household purposes; electric
space cooling apparatus for household purposes; range hoods as extractor hoods,
for household purposes; hair dryers for household purposes; deep fryers,
electric; air filtering installations; bread baking machines; coffee roasters;
heating installations; gas water heaters for household purposes; gas cooking
ovens for household purposes; barbecue grills; ice chests for household
purposes, not for carrying with; household tap water filters; showers; toilet
stool units with a washing water squirter; disinfectant dispensers for toilets;
waste water treatment tanks for household purposes

Filing

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              450 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    The Blairsville Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 22, 2014 Friday

County approves contract for West Wheatfield water extension

BYLINE: Greg Reinbold, The Blairsville Dispatch, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 716 words


Aug. 22--The Indiana County Board of Commissioners took action Aug. 13 on two
water line extension projects and agreed to seek funding for improvements to
affordable housing units in Blairsville and Burrell Township.

The commissioners awarded a materials contract for Highridge Water Authority's
Penrose Hollow and Gamble Road water service extension project in West
Wheatfield Township to L/B Water Service, Inc. The low bid for 7,000 linear feet
of PVC pipe and miscellaneous fittings was $64,995. Highridge employees will
install the line, which will provide public water service to 15 households. The
project is being funded from Indiana County's 2012 Community Development Block
Grant entitlement funds.

The commissioners also approved a change order with Kukurin Contracting, Inc.
reducing the cost for the Central Indiana County Water Authority's water line
extension project on Center Township's Cherry Run and Ginter roads by $1,574
after balancing quantities of materials actually installed. The revised project
total is $261,052. The project is being funded with Center Township's 2010, 2011
and 2012 block grants.

The county will apply for $210,000 in Pennsylvania Housing Affordability and
Rehabilitation Enhancement funds from the Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency.
The funds would be used for major rehabilitation activities at 13 rental
properties in Blairsville and Burrell Township owned and managed by the Indiana
County Community Action Program and rented to households with incomes at 50
percent of the county's median income or less.

The commissioners approved a contract agreement with KU Resources, Inc. of
Duquesne for the Phase 1 Environmental Site Assessment for properties at 600 and
620 N. Fifth Ave. in White Township as part of development for the Homeless
Veterans Housing Project. The $2,550 contract will be paid using 2011 block
grant funds.

The access road project at the Joseph Land Development (119 Business Park) in
Center Township will be moving forward after commissioners approved a contract
agreement with Francis J. Palo, Inc. of Clarion. The contract totals $496,119
for construction of the access road off Luciusboro Road and is being funded
through the Appalachian Regional Commission Access Road program and
Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program.

Commissioners approved three change orders related to the Diamond Drug
RemedyRepack project at the County Commerce Park, which will result in a net
decrease of $8,305 for changes to the plumbing, electrical and general
contracts.

Commissioners voted to accept grant funds from the Pennsylvania Bureau of
Aviation for the Indiana County/Jimmy Stewart Airport's obstruction removal
project. The project is being bankrolled by $186,000 in federal funding, a state
share of $10,333 and a local match of $10,333 paid by the airport authority.

The commissioners also recognized the Civil Air Patrol with a proclamation,
noting that the U.S. Congress earlier this year approved awarding the volunteer
organization a Congressional Gold Medal, the highest civilian honor, for its
service.

In other business, the commissioners:

--Approved the purchase of a 2014 Jeep Cherokee for the county's Children and
Youth Department from Tri-Star Motors. With state-contracted pricing and the
trade of a 2004 Dodge Caravan, the Jeep will cost $22,752 from the department's
budget.

--Appointed Jerry Gillette of Indiana to the Indiana County Municipal Services
Authority for a term expiring in January, 2020.

--Passed a resolution to allow the addition of Venango County to the Region 13
emergency management task force

--Approved the sale of two surplus vehicles and equipment to the high bidders,
bringing in a total of $6,019.01.

--Approved submitting Liquid Fuels funding authorization to PennDOT District 10
for Indiana Borough and East Wheatfield Township. Indiana Borough's share of
$104,146.73 will be used for its Streetscape Segment C project while East
Wheatfield's $28,330 will be used for paving streets in the village of Charles.

Greg Reinbold is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. He can be reached at
724-459-6100, ext. 2913 or greinbold@tribweb.com

___ (c)2014 The Blairsville Dispatch (Blairsville, Pa.) Visit The Blairsville
Dispatch (Blairsville, Pa.) at www.triblive.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140822-DH-County-approves-contract-for-West-Wheatfield-water
-extension-0822-20140822

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DH


                    Copyright 2014 The Blairsville Dispatch


                              451 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                              April 3, 2011 Sunday

Water, woes and ways

LENGTH: 904 words

DATELINE: Dhaka


Dhaka, April 3 -- There is a proverb: water, water everywhere but not a single
drop to drink. In our early lessons in economics in the university, water was
cited as an example of a "free good" flowing heavily by the courtesy of the
nature. Children play in ponds, fishermen fish in paddy fields, vast seas and
oceans - all indicate to supply exceeding demand. But in this 21st century, none
would possibly pin hope on that.

Economics text books had to revisit earlier stance in the wake of water becoming
the scarcest commodity. In fact, it would not be an exaggeration to say that
water could be the greatest constraint to overall development of the human
society in the years to come. Bangladesh is already having a pinch of that -
both for production and consumption purposes. In the following paragraphs, we
shall look into an attempt to ameliorate the problems arising out of the
scarcity of drinking water. This case study could possibly be cast as a replica
for pursuing the model elsewhere.

From 15 km north of Bogra Sadar lies Rainagar union. Almost all of villages
under this union were faced with fierce problems of pure water - filled with
iron and arsenic contamination. A cursory comparison of the parameters between
actual and recommended shows that drinking water there, was dreadful to make
lives of the people always dreary. It was thus no surprise that most of the
households were griped by water panic with heavy tolls on human productivity.
The irony is that people had money - as business activity seems to be the
dominant occupation - but there were no options available.

Meantime, Bangladesh received a grant from the International Development
Association (IDA) for the Bangladesh Water Supply Programme Project (BWSPP), and
intended to apply a part of that proceeds of the grant payments under contracts
to build pipe water supply systems in about 300 villages and growth centers in
rural areas. Thus, as one of the feasible and sustainable technological options
to provide arsenic safe drinking water in villages and growth centers in pipe
water, BWSS had started a programme to implement building of pipe water supply
systems in villages through private sponsor. BWSPP and Dhribo - local NGO famous
for serving socio-economic uplift of the poor - signed a grant agreement for
construction and operation of Nimpara Piped Water Supply Scheme under the aegis
of IDA grant in 2009.

Within two years, the production well was installed according to data received
from test by recommended institutions. The drilling was done by using
appropriate suitable equipment and using the most common and indigenous method
of well drilling i.e. the water jet system of drilling. There were two
production wells averaging a depth of 50 meters. Development of the production
well was undertaken adequately by a compressor after 48 hours of installation
until water was found to be clean and free from sand, turbidity and other
impurities. But when water was tested, all parameters except iron, barium and
manganese were found within the Bangladesh drinking water limit. For example, in
terms of water quality parameters, the concentration of iron was 6.9 mg as
against Bangladesh standard of 0.3-1.0 and WHO guideline values for drinking
water of 0.3; Manganese was at 1.0 against 0.1 and 0.4 respectively and Barium
at 27ppb against 10ppb. To address the problems of excess barium and manganese,
a treatment plant had to be set up in Nimpara village under piped water supply
scheme.

It is interesting to find that there are three sources of funds - of around Tk.
16 million - for this project comprising two deep tube wells, one treatment
plant, 10 kin mainline and 6"-4" pipe production lines: IDA/World Bank, 75%, NGO
Dhrubo, 15% and local community 15%. While the technical part was taken care of
by the World Bank with collaboration from BWSPP and Directorate of Public Health
and Engineering (DPHE), the onus lay on Dhrubo to organize people, educate and
ready them for a payment for pure drinking water. It is no wonder that faced
with the woes of water, people of that locality gladly accepted the
conditionality. The line charge was fixed at Tk.3000 (multiple connections) and
Tk. 2500 for single connection. The monthly tariff was fixed at Tk. 140 and 120
respectively. Thus 1000 households are receiving pure drinking water, from a
total capacity of 55000 liters. The beauty of the project is that all charges
are fixed by the representatives of the community through dialogues and
deliberations with agencies concerned. In fact, people of the locality are at
the heart of the whole programme. They agreed on getting water supply three
times of two-hour duration each day.

The story suggests that people's participation is a must in project designing,
maintenance and meeting costs to make a project live up to its life-time.
Economic use of resources could only be ensured by making people feel that
subsidy is at best a short-run solution to the scarcity problems (such as water
in this case); sustainability would hinge on how much people are willing to
share the costs of production and distribution. And finally, close monitoring
and supervision is needed to avert free riding and adverse selection. Published
by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              452 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            April 6, 2016 Wednesday

63,000 Liberians to Gain Access to Safe and Regular Water Supply

LENGTH: 561 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 WASHIGNTON: The World Bank Board of Executive Directors today approved a new
financing of US$10 million International Development Association (IDA)* credit
to increase access to piped water supply services in Liberia's capital,
Monrovia, and surrounding areas, and improve the operational efficiency of
Liberia Water and Sewer Corporation (LWSC).


 The Liberia Urban Water Supply Project (LUWSP) which targets 63,000 direct
beneficiaries, 44 percent of which are females, will facilitate critical
repairs, rehabilitation of the existing distribution network and the extension
to new areas with additional customers. The project will facilitate new
connections, more hours of water supply, fewer interruptions in water service
and closer proximity to safe water supply sources.
 "This project constitutes an important step towards implementing the
Government's Agenda for Transformation and post-Ebola Economic Stabilization and
Recovery Plan, which emphasize the urgent need to improve water and sanitation
service delivery in Liberia," said Inguna Dobraja, World Bank Country Manager
for Liberia. "A reliable and affordable source of clean water is an essential
precondition for a healthy population and robust economic activity."
 Project beneficiaries of the LUWSP comprise residents of Central Monrovia,
Somalia Drive, Duport Road and Roberts International Airport Highway. The
construction work will create job opportunities for Liberians and improve access
to services and living conditions. Communities with large percentage of poor
households that are unable to afford private household connections will benefit
from the construction of standpipes or kiosks. The LWSC will also develop a
rate-payment scheme to allow these poorer households to finance connection fees
over a longer period.
 "The World Bank's intervention will fund critical rehabilitation of the
existing network, as well as invest in the extension of LWSC's distribution
capacity in order to supply more Liberians with safe water," said Deo-Marcel
Niyungeko, Task Team Leader. "This new project will also boost revenue
generation for the LWSC."
 The LUWSP will reduce water losses and improve water flows to Central Monrovia,
as well as address urgent rehabilitation needs along Somalia Drive and in
Central Monrovia to restore water supply in the city center. Key transmission
lines along Duport Road, Somalia Drive and Roberts International Airport highway
will be rehabilitated / extended to reduce bottlenecks and create backup
capacity in these areas. Furthermore, the installation of bulk meters across the
network will allow the LWSC to set up district metered areas to track and
address non-revenue water more effectively.

 * The World Bank's International Development Association (IDA), established in
1960, helps the world's poorest countries by providing grants and low to
zero-interest loans for projects and programs that boost economic growth, reduce
poverty, and improve poor people's lives. IDA is one of the largest sources of
assistance for the world's 77 poorest countries, 39 of which are in Africa.
Resources from IDA bring positive change to the 1.3 billion people who live in
IDA countries. Since 1960, IDA has supported development work in 112 countries.
Annual commitments have averaged about $19 billion over the last three years,
with about 50 percent going to Africa.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              453 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Worcester News

                             March 23, 2010 Tuesday

Water users should know their rights

BYLINE: Richard Vernalls

SECTION: LATEST (WN NEWS LATEST)

LENGTH: 176 words


WATER customers are being reminded of their rights by a consumer champion.

The Consumer Council for Water wants Severn Trent Water customers to know about
free services they could apply for.

It is reminding bill-payers they have a right to ask for deliveries of free
bottled water in an emergency, as well as Braille or 'talking' water bills and
schemes to help protect against bogus callers.

The consumer council has published the top tips to help customers struggling to
afford water bills.

Customers who have a meter and either have three children under 19 in full time
education, or a medical condition that means they need to use more water, are
eligible for help under the WaterSure scheme if they also receive income related
benefits.

WaterSure caps a household's water bill at the average rate for their area so
vulnerable households can use the water they need without having to worry about
a high bill.

Water companies also offer more flexible payment schemes, and many have special
tariffs, trust funds, and grant schemes to help customers get out of debt.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              454 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Mirror

                            March 9, 2000, Thursday

WATER CHARGES TO SURGE BY 45%;
 AND FAMILIES FACE COUNCIL TAX INCREASE AS WELL

BYLINE: Patricia Kane

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 499 words


SCOTS households are to be hit with a massive hike in water charges - with some
increasing by a whopping 45 per cent.

Announcing the controversial rise yesterday, Scotland's three water authorities
claimed it was necessary to fund system improvements.

But the news - which coincides with today's increases in council tax bills -
immediately came under fire from opposition MSPs who called on the Scottish
Executive to block the increase.

Speaking in the Scottish Parliament, the SNP's Fisheries and Water Industries
spokesman Richard Lochhead said: "There's a lot more could be done to keep water
bills down.

"Labour has abandoned water consumers and they have abandoned the water
industry.

"It is unfair to ask consumers to make up for the neglect of the water industry
by a Labour administration."

The steepest rise in water and sewerage bills is due in the north of Scotland
where charges for the average household will go up by just under 20p a day from
April.

In the east of Scotland the average rise will be 25 per cent, with the west
facing an 18 per cent rise.

The increase means in the north of Scotland, householders in Band D - the
average rate - who were paying pounds 227 will now pay pounds 299.58.

Mr Lochhead also called for the borrowing limits of water companies to be
increased so they do not have to increase charges to customers.

Environment Minister Sarah Boyack insisted it was necessary to reverse "decades
of under investment".

She said: "The provision of high quality, safe and reliable water and sewerage
services is essential."

But she said that no customers would ever be cut off for not being able to
afford to pay their bills.

Tory MSP Murray Tosh dismissed the SNP's calls for investment to be funded from
the Parliament's block grant as "the economics of the kindergarten".

He said: "I suspect the money they are going to use is the same money they were
going to use a fortnight ago to build all our motorways or the railway system."

To pay for the investment, Mr Tosh said he would invite private companies to
enter into partnership with the water authorities.

Meanwhile water board bosses tried to justify the increases.

North of Scotland Water Authority chairman, Colin Rennie, said: "We will spend
pounds 500m on the biggest ever environmental clean-up in the north of Scotland.

"As charges are our only source of income, they have to rise as our spending
level rises."

East of Scotland Water chairman, councillor Robert Cairns, said: "It is
essential that we put in place an accelerated and robust investment programme."

West of Scotland Water chief Professor Alan Alexander, said: "More money is
needed to make available much needed capital to increase our investment."

The water authorities' announcement came as the country's 32 local authorities
yesterday announced rises of as much as 11 per cent in council tax bills.

The average increase will be just below six per cent.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: INVESTMENT: Sarah Boyack

                            Copyright 2000 MGN Ltd.


                              455 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Jacksonville Daily Progress (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 14, 2015 Saturday

Residents of Fairview await results of waterline grant

BYLINE: Jo Anne Embleton, Jacksonville Daily Progress, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 802 words


Feb. 14--REKLAW -- It's a period of wait-and-see for the Rusk City Council and
residents of the nearby Fairview community, as a Feb. 27 "know-by" date
approaches.

That's when both groups learn whether city officials are eligible to apply for a
Small Town Environment Program grant through the Texas Department of Agriculture
to fund a project that will extend waterlines into Fairview, where about a dozen
households rely on hand-dug wells and bottled water to meet their needs.

"According to (Fairview residents), they've always had problems (having access
to a good water source)," said Reklaw City Secretary Judy Ritter. "It probably
goes back generation after generation -- they've dug out several wells, but I
don't think there's ever been a deep water well, just the shallow hand-dug ones,
from what I can gather."

In a Palestine Herald-Press story that ran Nov. 13, 2014, Fairview resident
Norman Griffin described growing up without running water, and shared concerns
that the situation has caused health concerns due to possible contaminated well
water.

Griffin, now in his 30s, told the newspaper that "up until I was 12, I remember
going down to the Frankston spring well to fill up jugs for baths. This is still
happening today, and yet they act like they have no idea about it. We pay taxes
in both (Cherokee and Rusk) counties, and yet no one wants to do anything about
it."

Since then, Reklaw city leaders have looked into grants to help remedy the
situation: The STEP grant would bring relief more quickly than a grant from the
Texas Water Development Board for a new well, which could take two to three
years to construct, said Ritter.

"Even if the STEP grant application was approved, and we were able to extend
waterlines into Fairview, we will still have to draw new wells and have storage
tanks (erected), because we want to plan for the future," she said.

A water study done by Tyler engineering firm Schaumburg & Polk Inc. revealed the
city's current system is able to serve the needs of the dozen or so households
in the Fairview community, she added.

Meanwhile, city leaders are waiting to hear whether they can proceed with the
STEP grant application, she said.

The lines provided through grant funding -- which are to be awarded in June --
would extend up to three miles, and terminate at Mud Creek. Residents living on
the far side of that body would be served by Southwest Rusk County Water
Corporation, according to Ritter.

This particular grant, however, is dependent upon volunteers.

In late January, a town hall meeting was convened in hopes of identifying
individuals willing to support the project through volunteer time and services.

City council members will convene in a 6 p.m. meeting Feb. 17, and are expected
to discuss a short-term remedy -- such as purchasing a pallet of drinking water
for residents, Ritter said. "There's nothing else on (the agenda) about the
water project, but we want to do something to help them."

In the meantime, a conversation this past May between a Fairview resident and
one from Palestine about the the water situation in the community has brought
help from an unexpected source: The Palestine Multicultural Center.

Center director Betty Nickerson said LaTonya Carter began describing conditions
in Fairview, and how the lack of clean water had impacted the lives of residents
there.

"I asked her how long that had been going on, and she said, 'We've never had
clean water,'" Nickerson recalled. "They have contaminated water, and it's
causing health problems."

She began contacting politicians and turned to social media to raise awareness
in hopes of helping resolve the situation.

Next month, she and another volunteer will travel to Dallas to appear on a radio
program to appeal to listeners. "We are steadily seeking help," she said.

Her hope, Nickerson added, is that one day, she and Carter's children "will play
in the water in (the family's) front yard."

Palestine businesses have gotten on board by donating bottled water -- stores
like Kroger, Brookshires, WalMart, Schlumberger -- and one entity even donated a
500-gallon water barrel to Carter's family so they have ready access to potable
water.

Danya Oliver of the Palestine Community Center pointed out that all these
donations are a mere drop in the bucket, and that the need in Fairview is
ongoing.

Until residents there have access to running water, "we still need to get a lot
more people on board (with donating bottled water)," Oliver said.

Donations may be dropped at 1402 W. Oak St., or phone the center at 903-729-3488
to arrange pick-up.

The Palestine Herald-Press contributed to this story.

___ (c)2015 the Jacksonville Daily Progress (Jacksonville, Texas) Visit the
Jacksonville Daily Progress (Jacksonville, Texas) at
www.jacksonvilleprogress.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150214-JD-Residents-of-Fairview-await-results-of-waterline-grant
-0214-20150214

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JD


                   Copyright 2015 Jacksonville Daily Progress


                              456 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Stirling Times (Perth, Australia)

                              June 5, 2007 Tuesday

Support pours in for saving water

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 195  words


Water-saving leaders Kiarash Sohrabi, Josh Ward, Jess Rao and Grace Brooks.
Picture: Dominique Menegaldo d262903

STUDENTS from Coolbinia, Tuart Hill and Warriapendi primary schools attended a
water saver s leaders summit designed to help them teach classmates how to
reduce water use at home. The summit was held at the Tuart Hill school on
Tuesday.

Oz Green representative Jodi Lennox returned on Friday to help Tuart Hill s four
young leaders Grace Brooks, Jess Rao, Josh Ward and Kiarash Sohrabi introduce
water-saving measures across the school community.

Tuart Hill teacher Terri Snart said the ideas put forward were as simple as
reminding students to take shorter showers and wash cars on the lawn.

Year 5, 6 and 7 students learned which rooms used the most water and were given
a household water audit to take home and complete.

They will monitor their households over the next two months.

The water-saving approach is part of a national program that aims to save 1.5
billion litres of water.

Tuart Hill principal Leah Vogler said the school took pride in being a waterwise
school. It recently applied for a grant to recycle water from the school roof
for flushing toilets.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CST


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              457 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            December 19, 2011 Monday

Poland: Renewable Energy Systems in 10 Municipialities of the Swietokrzyskie
Voivodship

LENGTH: 461  words


Amount of the Swiss grant: CHF 16%845%958
Total budget of the project: US $ 23,990,442.24 (CHF 22461278)
Date of grant approval: 21.10.2011
Date of completion: ongoing
This project is situated in the Swietokrzyskie Voivodship in Southern Poland.
The air pollution and emission levels in in this region are substantially higher
than in Western European countries. The 10 municipalities participating in this
project are located close to Natura 2000 areas, thus the high air pollution
jeopardizes the vulnerable fauna and flora of this protective area.
Consequently, this project aims at increasing energy efficiency and reducing
emissions of greenhouse gases in the region.


Theme/Focus Area: Environment and Infrastructure
Basic Infrastructure: Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy
Target Group: The direct beneficiaries are carefully selected public
institutions and private households located in 10 municipalities of the
Swietokrzyskie region. They will not only benefit from reduced emissions and
better air quality, but also from a higher disposable income as less
conventional fuel needs to be purchased. Indirect beneficiaries are the
approximately 140%000 inhabitants of the 10 municipalities as well as visitors
due to reduced emission and better air quality.
Context: The project%s overall objective is to improve energy efficiency and to
reduce emissions of greenhouse gases by installing solar collectors providing
energy for hot water purposes on 23 public buildings and around 4%000 private
households. Furthermore, a photovoltaic system for the lighting of a public park
will be installed to serve as a demonstration object. The project contributes to
the implementation of the Polish government%s energy policy (particularly with
regard to increasing the share of renewable energy in the national energy
balance and reducing emissions).
Goals: The goal of the project is to improve health and living conditions for
the whole population in the covered region and to improve environmental
conditions, particularly with regard to air quality, in the covered region.
Activities: Purchase and installation of complete solar systems for public
buildings for domestic hot water production.
Purchase and installation of complete solar systems for residential buildings
for domestic hot water production.
Purchase and installation of a photovoltaic system as a demonstration object.
Awareness raising and training courses to ensure that the new renewable energy
systems are used and maintained properly and that accompanying energy saving
measures are taken.

Results: Increased share of renewable energy from solar collectors
Reduction of conventional fuel use
Substantial reduction of CO, CO2, SO2, NOx and dust emissions.

country :Poland
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              458 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  The Leader-Times (Kittanning, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 3, 2009 Friday

State budget mess could cause local social service 'disaster'

BYLINE: Mitch Fryer, The Leader-Times, Kittanning, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 562 words


Jul. 3--With Pennsylvania ending the fiscal year without a state budget,
Armstrong County Commissioner Rich Fink doesn't know what will happen to social
services agencies in the county that depend on state money.

"How long can they run their programs and what if they can't?" Fink asked at the
county's public meeting Thursday. "We know there are services that could come to
an end. It has the potential to be a disaster."

Fink is concerned about the uncertainty facing agencies such as the Armstrong
County Community Action Agency. State funds could end as soon as July 17, he
said.

The Armstrong County Community Action Agency is a nonprofit organization serving
the low-income and disadvantaged locally. It was started in 1965.

The state and federally-funded agency is one of the largest providers of human
services in the county. The agency assists individuals with issues such as
nutrition, housing, transportation, education, job training, job placement,
disaster assistance and self-sufficiency and oversees programs such as Head
Start and the local food bank.

Fink said Community Action in the county has a budget of about $200,000 a month
for medical transportation such as getting people to dialysis treatment.

"They cannot miss their trips," Fink said.

The agency also spends about $180,000 a month to provide day care.

"If that goes away what happens to the jobs of the working poor who depend on
that care to go to work," Fink said.

"My heart goes out to all those consumers," he said.

The commissioners are concerned that the county may have to pick up for the
state if budget discussions drag on.

"The county is fiscally sound," said Commissioner Chairwoman Patty Kirkpatrick.
"But we do not have an open check book."

Fink added, "If the services stopped and they (the state) are looking for a
contribution (from the county), I don't believe we have that kind of money."

Waterline project extended

In other county business, the commissioners approved a contract modification for
the Roseville waterline project that provides additional homes with water.

The original project to bring water service to 24 households in Roseville, where
residents had relied on individual wells, springs and cisterns for their water
supply, was completed under budget from funding made available through a
$450,000 Community Development Block Grant competitive grant for Bradys Bend
Twp, and a $100,000 Safe Water Grant through the Pennsylvania Department of
Environmental Protection secured by state Sen. Don White, R-Indiana.

The project involved the construction of a water line to Roseville from the
Petroleum Valley Regional Water Authority's distribution system.

Jennifer Bellas, community development division director for the county's
Planning Department, told the commissioners there was approximately $142,000
left from the grant to extend service to five more households.

Mitch Fryer can be reached at mfryer@tribweb.com or 724-543-1303, ext. 1342.

To see more of The Leader-Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pittsburghlive.com/x/leadertimes/. Copyright (c) 2009, The
Leader-Times, Kittanning, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20090703-KT-State-budget-mess-could-cause-local-social-service-disaster-0703

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KT


                        Copyright 2009 The Leader-Times


                              459 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                             March 11, 2011 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Sask. homes going green, survey says

BYLINE: Taylor Shire, Saskatchewan News Network; Regina Leader-Post

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 466  words

DATELINE: REGINA


More households in Saskatchewan are going green.

According to Statistics Canada's 2009 Households and the Environment survey
released this week, being environmentally friendly is becoming the norm.

Gordon Dewis, research analyst for Statistics Canada who managed the survey,
said Saskatchewan ranked fairly well when compared with the national average and
was in line with neighbours Manitoba and Alberta.

More than 14,750 Canadian households were surveyed by telephone in late 2009 by
Statistics Canada. The survey covered consumption and conservation of energy and
water, indoor environment, household hazardous waste and purchasing decisions.

Households in Saskatchewan were more likely to unplug electronics when going
away for an extended period of time. Six out of 10 households in the province
unplugged, while Canadian households were slightly lower at 57 per cent.

In 2009, 21 per cent of Saskatchewan households were energy audited, compared
with 12 per cent of Canadian households.

Dewis said there was an energyefficiency grant program being offered in
Saskatchewan during the survey.

"This may account for the relatively high proportion of households that had
conducted an energy audit because it may have been a criteria for getting a
grant," said Dewis.

Saskatchewan ranked highest in the country when it came to closing blinds during
the hottest part of the day. Ninety-three per cent of Saskatchewan households
did this, while 83 per cent of Canadian households closed them.

Eighty-eight per cent of Canadians own at least one type of energysaving light,
while Saskatchewan households were higher at 91 per cent. Half of Canadian
households used dimmers on household lights, while 43 per cent of Saskatchewan
households had them.

Forty-two per cent of households had a low-volume toilet in Canada and
Saskatchewan. Sixty-three per cent had a low-flow shower head in Canada, while
51 per cent had one in Saskatchewan.

The number of households that had a lawn in Canada was 70 per cent and 76 per
cent in Saskatchewan. Of those who maintained a lawn, 43 per cent in Canada
watered their lawn while Saskatchewan was much higher, at 66 per cent.

More environmentally friendly cleaning products are becoming available. Eighty
per cent of Canadian households purchased "green" cleaning products, while that
number was 84 per cent in Saskatchewan.

"We are starting to see products become more available in conventional grocery
stores, whereas before, people who wanted to be eco-conscious had to go to
specialty stores," said Allyson Brady, executive director of the Saskatchewan
Environmental Society.

"As humans, we all depend on a clean environment, so we're providing for our own
health by being ecofriendly," she added. "There's definitely a trend toward
people being more environmentally friendly."

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              460 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                            January 3, 2013 Thursday

Grants urged to remove harmful lead water pipes

SECTION: IRELAND

LENGTH: 741 words


The party is proposing a scheme similar to the energy efficiency retrofit
programme that has boosted employment in the construction sector by grant-aiding
householders to insulate their homes and upgrade heating systems.

Forty-two public water supplies tested in the latest Environmental Protection
Agency inspections had lead levels that exceeded safety thresholds that will
come into effect in December this year.

A number of the breaches are attributed to old lead pipes in the public water
mains networks and four county councils are under EPA direction to replace those
under their control by December.

A total of four kilometres of lead piping has been identified in counties Cork,
Clare, Kerry and Longford and the EPA said work to replace them was either
already under way or action plans had been agreed.

But the sources of the other breaches are not so readily identifiable. "It is
possible that other lead mains are present but have not yet been identified. For
example, such mains may have been laid a long time ago and records may be
inadequate to determine the exact location," the agency said in its annual water
quality report.

The other key contributor to the problem, however, is lead in the internal
plumbing of private homes where pipes were installed prior to 1970 when the
phasing out of lead began.

"Any level of lead should not be in your water supply," said EPA inspector
Darragh Page.

"It does not come from rivers or lakes. It's not coming from industry and there
are no human or natural sources of lead in Ireland, so if there is lead in the
water, it's all coming from the pipe work."

Putting an exact figure on the number of households affected is difficult but a
conservative estimate based on a housing stock of 1.5 million would put around
32,000 at risk.

"We found that 97.8% of samples were compliant, so you could assume that 2%
might have lead. You cannot say that for definite, but it's definitely
substantial," Mr Page said.

He said Dublin city alone was known to have several thousand homes still with
internal lead pipes and that situation was replicated across the country.

Ireland is not alone in having legacy issues with lead pipes. The problem is
more prevalent in England, Scotland, France and, in particular, the United
States.

But unlike Scotland, for example, where there are grants for private
householders to replace their pipes with plastic or other alternatives, there
are no such incentives here.

Green Party environment spokesman Malcolm Noonan said householders should be
offered financial help. "A retrofit programme for lead service pipes should be
given serious consideration," he said.

The Department of the Environment said internal plumbing in privately owned
homes was the responsibility of the householder and it did not intend
introducing any grant scheme.

Public health specialist Dr Anthony Breslin urged householders who had any
doubts to have their pipes checked.

He said the full impact of lead exposure was serious and irreversible
neurological disease, but children at the earlier stages could sometimes present
with a mild developmental delay and lead should and would be considered a
possible cause.

Public awareness about the dangers of lead was high when it began to be removed
from paint and petrol, but in the 20 to 30 years since people have become more
complacent.

The EPA said the cost and inconvenience of digging up and replacing pipes seemed
to discourage some people.

However, there is also inconvenience in being supplied by lead pipes. In one
instance, the EPA placed a water restriction notice on the Lappan's Terrace
estate in Little Island, Cork, in 2008 advising residents not to drink the water
because of the presence of lead. That restriction remains in place.

Cork County Council said the mains serving the 75 houses was made of iron and
caused no problem, but 20-metre pipes ran from the mains to each house and many
of these were made of lead.

Only about two metres lay on public ground, however, and a spokesman said it
would be of little use replacing that short section if the householders did not
replace the remaining 18 metres that lay on their own properties.

"Obviously the council would replace the external part of the service in any
case where the household first replaces the part within the curtilage of the
dwelling."

Cllr Noonan said a more proactive approach should be taken in all cases where
lead pipes were known to exist even within private households.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              461 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                              July 2, 2010 Friday

Turn down tap on water rates

BYLINE: Stephen Chase Commentary

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 1218  words


In its most recent presentation to Saint John Common Council, the chairman of
Saint John's economic development agency identified the implementation of a
modern water treatment and delivery system as an economic development
initiative: it will encourage people to choose Saint John as a place to live and
do business. This claim is an endorsement of council identifying water treatment
as its No. 1 priority.

While this is an important quality-of-life issue that must be achieved, water
needs to be affordable or we not only risk losing any competitive advantage that
an otherwise quality system would provide but also place on the ratepayers an
onerous burden of parsimonious consumption even for the bare necessity of use.
This would create a situation that would be the exact opposite of what we wanted
to achieve.

Water costs are rising

The city's general operating and capital borrowing program (which is distinct
from the water utility operating and capital borrowing program) provides an
opportunity for council to implement some fiscal policy measures that will
dampen the rising cost of water rates, which is expected to increase by more
than 20 per cent by 2012 from the 2009 rate. This will further push Saint John's
water rate, which is already the highest in Canada, a good distance past those
of other Canadian municipalities.

This is not good. It will be a determent to attracting new residents and
commercial enterprise, and will also result in a financial water hammer that
will be untenable for those already hooked up to our pipes. Moreover, this rate
does not yet account for the cost to build and operate the much-needed water
treatment plant, which is estimated to cost $257 million, and the $100 million
waste water treatment system currently under construction.

To truly make this council's priority, water rates need to be wrestled down so
that growth - both residential and commercial - is encouraged along with quality
of life. This strategic fiscal reform can be achieved by way of policies and
legislative changes that skilfully link the operating and capital budget
programs together in support of achieving water treatment at affordable
measures.

The solution

I believe the water utility's operating funding and the repayment of debt
incurred by the water utility's capital costs should be proportionally shared
from the general tax fund. At present this is not the case, because the water
utility budget must be built on a user pay, cost-recovery basis. All operating
expenses and debt payments for water and sewer capital investment must be
recovered in water rates.

Although ideally user pay is a good management practice, the difficulty is that
Saint John has large fixed costs and demanding infrastructure needs with a
relatively small customer base, to create rates that would be affordable and
sustainable on a user pay system alone.

This proposal would need to be considered in the context of balancing the city's
overall finances with service needs. The collateral impact would mean lowering
spending in the general capital program if payments to the water utility were to
be made without adding further pressure to an already high tax rate; there's no
logical sense in turning down the dial on one rate only to increase another
rate.

Instead of using general operating funds to make debt payments on capital
projects not deemed a priority, those funds could used to maximize the funds
allowed to be transferred to the water utility. This is premised on water
treatment being council's top priority - this priority being formed on quality
of life and economic development.

To effect this proposed fiscal policy, council would have to consider wisely
which infrastructure projects requiring capital borrowing are the most
beneficial to growth and service delivery. Some projects may not make the cut.

Why the city should pay

Critics of this plan generally offer three arguments:

*Water and sewerage is a utility and therefore should be self-supporting on its
service and consumption charges.

This typically a good management practice and a reasonable argument to an
extent; however, in Saint John's particular circumstance wherein literally vast
century-old systems must be replaced, this approach creates a debt burden that
is unwieldy. Moreover, provincial and federal governments provide grant money
for water projects. This grant money comes from the taxpayers' coffers,
establishing the principle of subsidizing a water utility from general tax
funds. The city's own general tax fund should not be treated any differently
under this practice, when it is the most directly connected.

*The use of water meters will bring down rates by controlling the amount of
water used.

Don't take this argument to the bank. Saint John water meter rates currently are
higher than the flat rate. Based on conservative data from Statistics Canada, a
2.5 person household would be paying $1,062 per year if they had a water meter
in their Saint John home. Compare that to the $864 flat rate currently paid by
most households and you should get my point. I would also suggest that many
households in Saint John are double the average household size that Statistics
Canada uses for its data.

Saint John's metered pricing structure is so high that even to meet the current
lower cost flat rate, each household would have to reduce its water consumption
by at least one half - a worthy cause in terms of water stewardship yet a mighty
challenge for any household.

*Some households in Saint John do not use municipal water, so it would unfair to
provide greater support to the water utility through the general tax base.

Any program that would advance the overall good of the city should be supported
by all taxpayers because, both directly and indirectly, all households will
benefit. Further, consider that the city already provides services that do not
serve all residents - for example, public transit.

I find it difficult to accept that we can provide funds to subsidize public
transit (operated by a commission) which not everyone needs or uses, yet we
cannot provide funds to the water utility that the majority of residents both
need and use. However, if this were to be a show stopper, the city could use a
sanctioned measure to ensure these neighbourhoods are not taxed unfairly.
Council could implement "tax zones" which is permitted under the Municipalities
Act. These zones would reflect taxes set in regard to whether the neighbourhood
is serviced by water or not.

Council needs to take measures to avoid the rate shock facing Saint John
citizens. These measures go beyond the dependence of federal and provincial
largesse for water service projects in Saint John and the principle of wise
water use by consumers. At two-thirds funding for water projects, the support of
the federal and provincial governments has been significant. But given the
magnitude of investments required, the city's share of these capital-intensive
projects will create a cost surge that will flood the water rates.

In addition to prudent management of the utility's operations and not over
building capital projects, Saint John Common Council must explore and implement
fiscal changes that will allow the general tax fund to support the water
utility.

Stephen Chase is deputy mayor of Saint John, representing voters at large.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2010 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              462 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                   The National Business Review (New Zealand)

                                October 24, 2008

Building code puts regulation ahead of market solutions

BYLINE: Bruce Kohn

LENGTH: 479 words



HIGHLIGHT: Political parties differ in their approach to the great shower debate



The debate over limitations on the flow rate of showers highlights political
differences in the approach to climate change issues that have crept under the
public radar in recent months.

These differences show up in the approach by Labour and the Greens to the use of
regulation for changing public behaviour by comparison with the National and Act
view that more reliance should be placed on market mechanisms.

The former brings charges of "nanny state." The latter brings personal choice
into play.

In the case of high or low flow showers market forces can be used effectively
through water meters with pricing mechanisms structured to impose extra charges
on households that exceed specific levels of water use. Within the water
industry this is referred to as "demand management."

Does it work?  A Beacon Pathway survey undertaken in July and August of last
year is revealing about daily per capita water use.  The significant water
conservationists were Nelson (160 litres), Waitakere (167), Rodney (179),
Manukau (189), Papakura (190) and Tauranga (216). All these districts use
metered volumetric charging. They were followed by non-metered areas - Upper
Hutt (227), Christchurch (333), South Taranaki (450), Kaikoura (648), Kapiti
(650) and Queenstown Lakes District (750).

The survey would suggest that if energy saving is related to household water use
those people living in areas that have water meters installed are better at it
than those in other districts.

But rather than rely on demand management techniques,  the government prefers
the regulatory mechanism of the Building Code. This may be regarded as a
substitute for action by the generally publicly owned (by local authorities)
water utilities to introduce water metering through most of the country.

Nor does the government trust the pricing mechanisms of electricity or gas
supply companies to engender changed personal habits when it comes to water
heating. Again the Building Code comes into play with the proposed introduction
of new requirements for limiting the size of hot water cylinders.

Provision is made for exceptions where householders augment electric or gas
heating with solar water heating systems.

This regulatory approach on these issues is in marked contrast to the policy
followed by the Energy Efficiency and Conservation Authority (EECA) in respect
of insulation provision. It is an article of faith within the climate change
amelioration movement that heightened levels of insulation in homes will help
significantly to reduce energy use by retaining internal household warmth.

Consequently, the EECA is planning $1 billion of subsidies over 15 years with
various levels of financial assistance according to income levels for insulation
retrofit in older homes and apartments. Landlords can apply for and obtain a
grant to help with making homes cozier for tenants.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Fourth Estate Holdings Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              463 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 4, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: FEMA Recovery Grants are for Disaster-Related Expenses

LENGTH: 437  words

DATELINE: Washington


Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news release:

As Mississippi disaster survivors receive FEMA checks or direct deposits to help
them recover from the severe storms, tornadoes and flooding of April 28 through
May 3, it is important to understand that there are limits on how the money can
be spent.

Use of the money for other than eligible expenses could result in having to
return funds back to FEMA.

FEMA does not provide survivors with an itemized list of eligible expenses
tailored to their specific situation. But it does provide an important booklet,
"Help After a Disaster," that spells out the kinds of expenses authorized in the
Individuals and Households Program.

The grant covers only repair or replacement of items that were damaged as a
direct result of the disaster and were not covered by insurance. Repairs and
rebuilding may not improve a home above its pre-disaster condition unless such
improvements are required by current building codes.

Use of the money is limited to repairing the home so that it is safe and
sanitary so survivors can live there. It will not be enough to return the home
to its condition before the disaster.

The money can be spent to repair structural parts of the home such as
foundation, outside walls and roof.

Survivors also may use FEMA assistance provided for housing needs to repair:

Windows, doors, floors, walls, ceilings and cabinetry.
    Septic or sewage systems.
    Wells or other water system.
    Heating, ventilating and air conditioning.
    Utilities (electrical, plumbing and gas.)
    Entrance and exit ways, including privately-owned access roads.
    Blocking, leveling and anchoring of a mobile home and reconnecting or
resetting its sewer, water, electrical and fuel lines and tanks.

Survivors also may receive money for "Other than Housing Needs." This money is
provided to repair damaged personal property or to pay for disaster-related
expenses and serious needs, limited to items or services that help prevent or
overcome a disaster-related hardship, injury or adverse condition. It does not
pay to return or replace personal property to its condition before the disaster.

Examples of allowable Other than Housing Needs are disaster-related medical and
dental costs, funeral and burial expenses, clothing, household items, heating
fuel, disaster-specific clean-up items, a vehicle damaged by the disaster and
moving and storage expenses.

Survivors should keep bills and receipts for three years to show how all of the
FEMA grant money was spent. FEMA is authorized to do an audit.

For further information please visit: http://www.fema.gov/

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              464 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             Sowetan (South Africa)

                             July 19, 2011 Tuesday

SA IS TODAY A BETTER COUNTRY

BYLINE: Zanele Mngadi

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 950 words


Criticisms of indecision against President Jacob Zuma are based on ignorance
 YOUR correspondent Mpototi Zwane (Letters, "Zuma a Colossal Failure", Sowetan
July 13) claims that President Jacob Zuma is indecisive and that government is
failing in service delivery, a sweeping statement definitely not based on fact.


 The president makes decisions every day in line with the powers vested in him
by the Constitution and legislation, performing the functions of head of state
and head of the national executive. Allegations of indecision are either
mischievous or based on ignorance.
 With regard to criticisms of governance, the facts speak for themselves.
 Government performance is viewed collectively, starting from the period of
democratisation in 1994. More than two million houses have been built for the
poor, giving shelter to over 10million people.
 Six million households have gained access to clean water since 1994 and
electricity has been connected to nearly five million homes. In 1994, only
62percent of households had access to clean drinking water, today 93percent do.
 In 1994, only 50percent of households had access to decent sanitation, today
77percent do. In 1994, only 36percent of South Africans had access to
electricity, today 84percent do.
 Today the majority of people are provided free basic services in water and
electricity.
 By 2010, close to 15million people were receiving social grants. Of those,
9,5million are children aged under 14 years, compared with just 2,4million in
1996.
 This year the child support grant has been extended to children up to the age
of 18 years, an additional two million children, in order to alleviate poverty.
 More than 400000 children receive government subsidies to attend early
childhood development centres. More than 8million children at primary and
secondary schools benefit from school feeding schemes.
 This year government announced expanded access to tertiary education. Student
loans are now being converted into bursaries for qualifying final-year students.

 Students in further education and training colleges who qualify for financial
aid are now exempted from paying fees.
 Crime is declining. The murder rate, for example, declined by 8,6percent in
2010.
 Economically, government has adopted the New Growth Path, with a central focus
on promoting economic growth and job creation.
 To improve the way government works, the performance monitoring and evaluation
function was established in the Presidency.
 This innovation includes the signing of performance agreements between the
president and ministers, a first for the country. This enables every department
to know exactly what is expected of them, to enable improved monitoring.
 The administration has also introduced a national planning function, through
the National Planning Commission (NPC).
 The NPC, led by Minister Trevor Manuel with Cyril Ramaphosa as deputy
chairperson, will produce reports on a range of issues that impact on our
long-term development, such as water security, climate change, food security,
energy security, infrastructure planning, human resource development, defence
and security matters, spatial planning, demographic trends and so forth.
 They have already produced a diagnostic report which South Africans have been
invited to comment on.
 Another key feature of the administration is the decision to focus on five
priorities for the next five years. These are education, health, rural
development and land reform, the fight against crime and job creation.
 The president is currently personally undertaking monitoring visits around the
country to assess performance.
 He visited Eastern Cape on June 7 to monitor education and Limpopo on July 7 to
assess health facilities. All nine provinces will be visited to inculcate the
culture of accountability and delivery.
 Current key presidential projects include the revitalisation of education in
Eastern Cape, where government has invoked a Section 100 intervention.
 Also important for that province is an intensive presidential project boosting
development in the King Sabata Dalindyebo municipality in the OR Tambo district,
to improve infrastructure such as roads, the airport, water, sanitation and
other key services in the Mthatha area.
 This forms part of government's stated commitment to provide hands-on support
to municipalities.
 A high-level task team of ministers and a technical team led by
directors-general are working with the province to ensure that these services
are delivered.
 The president will conduct a site visit in September to check progress. These
are just two examples of hands-on monitoring and leadership by the president.
 The country is playing a key role in peacemaking and peacekeeping in the
continent, including Libya. We have also prioritised economic diplomacy as part
of efforts of creating jobs through stronger ties with both the developing and
developed world.
 Our membership of the Brics, G20 and other key institutions are designed to
help further boost interactions to the benefit of the country's growth and
development.
 President Zuma has said continuously that while we have achieved a lot, much
more still needs to be done, and that working together with communities, we can
achieve more.
 Those commenting on the delivery record of government or the leadership style
of the president would do well to look at the facts closely before making false
pronouncements.
 l Mngadi is the chief director for communications in the Office of the
President, in the Presidency.
  CARING LEADER: President Jacob Zuma dropped in on Vulumzi Junior Primary
School on his recent monitoring site visit to Eastern Cape. He also visited
Limpopo and will go to other provinces.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Sowetan


                    Copyright 2011 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              465 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Port Macquarie News

                            July 11, 2012 Wednesday

ABOUT 100 households will get a helping

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 315 words


ABOUT 100 households will get a helping hand to realise their home ownership
dreams.

More affordable housing will follow Port Macquarie-Hastings Council's success in
securing a $3 million infrastructure grant through a federal government program.

The Building Better Regional Cities program funding will assist in the
construction of a new water reservoir at Sancrox, and a road extension of Ruins
Way to service a new residential development at Innes Peninsular.

The state budget also contained multi-million dollar funding for the water
reservoir.

The water reservoir and road will collectively service more than 4750 new homes
in the area.

Port Macquarie-Hastings Council will implement a housing affordability rebate
scheme, in conjunction with the new housing development, to assist about 100
households with the purchase of new homes in the Thrumster and Lake Innes
Peninsula area.

Details of the rebate scheme will be released separately following formal
agreement with the Federal government.

Lyne MP Rob Oakeshott said the funding meant the Sancrox Water Reservoir, needed
to service a residential development at Thrumster, could be built sooner.

"It also allows The Ruins Way at Innes Lake to be extended to provide access to
another 750 planned lots," he said.

"In a further effort to improve housing affordability, the council will offer a
rebate scheme to low to moderate income earners to reduce the purchase price of
the lots at both sites, once they become available."

Mr Oakeshott said the Hastings had experienced declining housing affordability
in recent years as a result of strong population growth, a slowing in
construction and higher demand for rental properties.

"This Commonwealth grant will help ease some of that pressure by making it
possible for the council to bring forward its infrastructure works in the
Thrumster and Innes areas by three to four years," Mr Oakeshott said.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              466 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                               February 14, 2001

A Scottish Executive review of water charges draws to a close on Friday. But
with the latest round of increases, ROB CRILLY finds that some customers are
paying more than others

BYLINE: By Pmitchell

SECTION: News:Environment:Energy, Pg.17

LENGTH: 969 words


Bill Howie director of Voluntary Service Aberdeen is facing GBP 44,000 on his
bill. Picture: Amanda Gordon

Charities worried over impact of water bills

Its a huge imposition, says director of VSA

IF CHARITIES ever took their free water supply for granted, they won't do for
much longer.

The latest round of water charge increases two weeks ago was accompanied by an
announcement that in future they would have to pay. Scot$-land's three water
authorities say it breaches their legal duty not to discriminate between
customers.

And among domestic cus$-tomers there is growing recog$-nition that poorer
households are worst affected by rises in water charges.

Citizens Advice Bureaux throughout the Highlands and Islands in particular, are
re$ -porting an upsurge in clients worried about water bills.

Citizens Advice Scotland says that almost all inquiries about debts include
problems paying for water.

It means the most vulnerable in society could be hit by a double water whammy.

Voluntary Service Aberdeen is bracing itself for a water bill of GBP 44,000 a
year for its 15 residential care homes, offices, day centres and thrift shops.

Director Bill Howie said: "The voluntary sector has been fighting this for two
years and it really has been a blow that the decision has been taken that full
water rates will be charged."

The charitable relief is a throwback to the days when water was supplied by
regional councils. A Government grant enabled the councils to offer charities an
80% rebate. Most also overlooked the remainder.

But now the three authorities that took over the water system in 1996, and do
not receive the same grant, are to end the scheme which they say pushed up bills
for other customers.

A spokesman for the North of Scotland Water Authority also said that the rebate
caused anomalies, such as the private nursing home, run at a profit, able to
escape what would have been a GBP 110,000 bill.

In order to reduce the bur$-den, he said, changes are being introduced over five
years and charities are being offered free water meters if they will help reduce
bills.

But the measures have not placated charities. The Scottish Council for Voluntary
Organ$-isations estimates the national bill at GBP 25million a year.

Mr Howie said: "It is a huge imposition that wasn't there before. Charities
exist for pub$-lic benefit and to be putting on charges to make it more
dif$-ficult for charitable organisa$-tions to serve the public seems to be
counterproductive.

"The impact on the larger homes for old people will be an extra GBP 6,000 cost a
year. Al$ -ready we are finding it difficult to operate these units in a viable
way."

The Scottish Executive is considering ways of helping domestic customers meet
rising bills which are needed to bring the water infrastructure up to scratch.
At present there is no system of relief for customers on low incomes.

Mary Prior, manager of Lochaber CAB, said this often came as a shock to people
facing large water bill increases.

She said: "The water charge element of council-tax bills is an issue of
particular concern among people on lower in$-comes, particularly as it doesn't
have any relief attached to it. All households are expected to meet those
charges."

A 72-year-old widow, of Mannofield, Aberdeen, who asked not to be named, said
that without savings it would be impossible to survive.

"I live alone and apart from having the 25% discount, I still have to fork out
GBP 108 a month for council tax which is a large percentage of my income," she
said. Water and sewerage charges account for GBP 30 of her council tax bill each
month for her band D home. Next year that will be GBP 36.

"I feel that is too much to pay and it is difficult finding that much money each
month," she added.

"The thing is that if you have a small pension coming in you are dependent on
savings to get some income coming in, and if you have savings then you're not
entitled to any reduction in council tax. And even if you do receive council tax
benefit you don't get anything towards water bills at all."

The Scottish Executive, in its consultation paper, ac$-knowledges that rises hit
those on low incomes hardest.

However, a spokeswoman said that as 85% of households receiving council-tax
benefit live in bands A and B, linking water charges to tax bands means
customers with less money have smaller bills.

The Executive has ruled out a permanent assistance scheme in favour of a
three-year relief programme costing GBP 24million. This will phase in the
increases for poorer customers, capping charges at less than GBP 200 next year
for households on council-tax benefit. But anti-poverty campaigners say this
will fail to help the poorest.

Citizens Advice Scotland chief executive Kaliani Lyle said: "CAS is concerned
that these clients will find it dif$-ficult to meet water and sew$-erage charges
once the proposed transitional scheme has been phased out by 2004-05. We would
therefore wel$-come a more permanent scheme to protect low-income households in
the long term."

The demand was echoed by Jim Milne, of Dundee Anti-poverty Forum, who said there
was a groundswell of opinion against the charging regime.

"When the increase for the present year was announced last February, people were
very angry. A lot of people didn't realise the extent to which the water rates
were having an impact.

"But when the council tax bills thudded through the doors last spring it was
brought home to people."

Social security is a "re$-served" power, administered by Westminster, preventing
the Executive increasing council-tax benefit or introducing "water benefit".

But Mr Milne said that did not necessarily rule out all forms of assistance.

"They have managed to in$-troduce transitional relief so there is a way of doing
it."

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2001 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                              467 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                             July 10, 2014 Thursday

Authority seeks grant for Kensington Heights sewer connections

BYLINE: By Marcus Rauhut mrauhut@publicopinionnews.com @MarcusRauhutPO on
Twitter

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 400 words


HAMILTON TOWNSHIP &GT;&GT; The Hamilton Township Municipal Authority is applying
for an $85,000 grant to help low- to moderate-income households connect to
public sewer.

Franklin County commissioners on Thursday agreed to submit a Community
Development Block Grant application on behalf of the authority.

HTMA will extend sewer to 46 homes in Old Kensington Heights, which includes
Kensington Drive, Sheffield Drive, Peach Street, and a portion of Funk and
Lawyers roads.

The extension was first proposed about 20 years ago, but the state Department of
Environmental Protection is requiring the work to be done within the next few
years, according to HTMA.

If the grant application is successful, it appears that five households would
qualify for assistance, HTMA Manager Sharon Purnell said. The money would help a
homeowner build a lateral line from the house to the new sewer main.

It's unclear when grant funding announcements will be made by the state
Department of Community and Economic Development.

When HTMA failed to qualify for a portion of Franklin County's 2013 Community
Development Block Grant allocation, the county forwarded HTMA's request for
$500,000 to the state under the category of "urgent need." DCED determined that
the project did not meet the "urgent need" requirements for the statewide CDBG
competitive grant.

The state suggested that the county revise its application to compete for CDBG
funding that targets low- to moderate-income families. In order for all homes in
the project area to qualify for the grant funding, more than half of the
households have to be low- to moderate-income.

The cost of connecting to the sewer varies by household. Some will have to pay
more than $15,000.

"It's going to be very costly to all the residents," Kensington Drive resident
Diane Coccagna told commissioners. "I'm asking that you look in favor of the
grant they're asking for."

She asked what assistance would be available to those who do not meet the low to
moderate-income requirements.

"Right now funding for those types of projects is very tight. It's a good
question," said Phil Tarquino, director of the county planning department.

Purnell said HTMA has applied for another grant to help offset costs for
everyone through the Pennsylvania Small Water and Sewer Program. The board meets
in September.

Staff writer Jim Hook contributed to this story. Marcus Rauhut can be reached at
262-4752.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                              468 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Telegram (Superior, Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 22, 2010 Friday

Grants target rural homeowners, facilities

BYLINE: Maria Lockwood, Superior Telegram, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 837 words


Jan. 22--The United States Department of Agriculture Rural Development has
linked Northland libraries, approved funding for a Parkland sewer project and
repaired roofs over the heads of area families.

The agency wants to do more.

Money is available for homeowners, businesses and community facilities through
the USDA. Area Specialist Sue LaPorte will be in town 11 a.m. to noon Tuesday at
Catholic Community Services, 1416 Cumming Ave., to discuss USDA programs with
area residents.

"We can't do anything within the city of Superior," LaPorte said, but more than
30 programs offer grants and fixed-rate loans to those in the outlying area.

Direct loans to purchase or build a home are available to qualified homebuyers.
USDA loans require no down payment, lock the homeowner into a fixed interest
rate -- currently less than 5 percent -- for 33 years and allow the debt to be
repaid at one percent interest.

"It's just a wonderful program," LaPorte said.

The USDA also offers Guaranteed Rural Housing loans to moderate income families.
Through this program, the homebuyer works with an approved lender with the USDA
guaranteeing the loan. Once again, no down payment is needed and it offers the
buyer a 30-year fixed rate mortgage.

Direct repair loans are also available to low income families so they can
continue living in their homes. The funding can be used for health and safety
issues such as wells, septic systems and roofs. Other home improvements, such as
new windows, doors and floors, may also qualify for funding. Additions are not
funded. The program offers fixed rate one percent loans. Repair grants are also
available, but only to very low income applicants age 62 or older who cannot
afford to pay a one percent loan.

The USDA is currently promoting funding for libraries and local foods
initiatives through the Community Facility Program, which has a statewide pot of
$2.2 million, according to Mark Brodziski, program director for business and
community programs with USDA Rural Development.

Rural libraries seeking building or equipment improvements, including additions,
computers and even new buildings, are encouraged to apply for USDA grants and
loans.

Ten years ago, Northern Waters Library Service received more than a quarter of a
million dollars from USDA Rural Development for a telecommunication system for
nine of its 27 member libraries, which cover Northwest Wisconsin and included
the Superior and Solon Springs libraries.

Nonprofit organizations and public entities such as schools can receive funding
for kitchen facilities, community gardens, food banks, farmers markets and
community kitchens aimed at increasing access to local foods.

In 2008, USDA Rural Development provided $547 million worth of grants and loans
in Wisconsin. Last year, that number shot up to nearly $668 million due to an
influx of American Reinvestment and Recovery Act dollars. Some of that
additional funding is still available, according to Kevin Tuttle, public
information coordinator for USDA Rural Development.

Of those 2009 funds, $8.9 million was poured into Douglas County; $1.25 million
of it to single family homes.

One project that has been earmarked for USDA Rural Development funding is
Parkland Sanitary District No. 1, according to Brodziski. The project would
provide grinder pipe stations and lateral lines to individual properties with
connection to a low-pressure sanitary collection system. USDA Rural Development
has approved approximately $7.7 million in grants and loans for the project,
Brodziski said. Parkland residents would still have to pay to run the pipe to
connect their homes to the lateral lines, LaPorte said, but USDA Rural
Development grants could be tapped for that purpose.

Homes and businesses must be situated in a town or village with a population of
20,000 or less to qualify for USDA Rural Development funding. Income
requirements vary from program to program, with the lowest income limit being
for repair loans and grants -- $20,950 for a one-person household or $29,950 for
a four-person household. To qualify for a USDA Rural Development direct housing
loan, a single-person household must make no more than $33,550. A four-person
household making $47,900 or less qualifies for the program. To qualify for a
guaranteed home loan, a one- to four-person household must have an income of
$75,750 or less.

More information on all USDA Rural Development programs, including income limit
tables, can be found online at www.rurdev.usda.gov/wi/.

To schedule an appointment with LaPorte while she is in Superior or for more
information, call (715) 635-8228, ext. 4.

To see more of the Superior Telegram, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.superiortelegram.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Superior Telegram, Wis.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100122-DG-Grants-target-rural-homeowners-facilities-0122

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DG


                       Copyright 2010 The Daily Telegram


                              469 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 16, 2014 Thursday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Awards Community Development Block Grant
for Infrastructure Improvements in Somerset County

LENGTH: 298  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Department of Community and Economic Development Secretary C. Alan Walker today
announced the award of a $500,000 Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) to
the Somerset County Commissioners to extend public sewer piping and improve the
pump station to handle the increased capacity in the Village of Gray in Jenner
Township, Somerset County.

"Improving sewer systems are a costly but necessary upgrade to ensure public
health and safety," said Sec. Walker. "This grant will help support these
efforts without leaving the Township and individual homeowners with the
financial burden."

The Jenner Area Joint Sewer Authority will provide sewer to residents of the
Village of Gray who are currently relying upon failing or marginally performing
on-lot septic systems. The project will include the extension of 7,000 linear
feet of new sanitary sewer piping and the connection of 21 households to the new
system. In addition, improvements will be made to the pump station to handle the
increased capacity. The project will benefit both the 21 households added but
also the existing households currently on the system.

The CDBG grant will provide funding to extend public sewer to the Village of
Gray area of Jenner Township, Somerset County, to eliminate deficient on-lot
systems.

The Community Development Block Grant Entitlement Program is federally funded
and provides funding for the smaller communities and rural areas of the
commonwealth for community development including but not limited to housing
rehabilitation, public services, community facilities, infrastructure
improvement, development and planning.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              470 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Newcastle Herald (Australia)

                              May 18, 2007 Friday
                                  Late Edition

More power to them;
OPINION & ANALYSIS

BYLINE: GREG RAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 726 words


WHAT annoys me about some economists is that they insist the only thing that
motivates people is money. They won't admit that some people act out of
altruism, wickedness or other motives, and they insist that free markets can
solve all problems.

I admit that markets can be incredibly efficient mechanisms for matching supply
and demand, but sometimes some people forget that markets, like money, are human
inventions and as such should always be monitored to ensure they are really
producing the greatest good. Where they aren't, there's nothing wrong with
giving them a bit of a tickle, using incentives and penalties to pull them into
line.

If dollar-based economics alone really drove everybody's decision-making, how
can we explain those people who have, over the past several years, been
investing in solar power panels for their homes?

I'm not talking about solar water heaters, for which the dollars and cents
argument is really very strong in many cases. If, for example, I invest $4000 in
a solar water heater that saves me $400 a year in power bills, surely that's as
good as a 10 per cent return on a bank deposit.

What I'm talking about is photovoltaic panels that use light to make power.

These are a fantastic idea, but in economic terms compared to other forms of
power supply available to households, they don't quite compete. To supply a
typical Hunter household with enough photovoltaic power to run its normal loads,
you'd have to spend about $50,000. That's a lot to invest in a system that might
save $1000 a year in power bills.

The fact is, though, that a growing number of people really are installing
photovoltaic cells on their rooftops to augment the supply from the coal-fired
grid. Most are buying modest systems worth $8000 to $12,000, enough to subsidise
their power bills by maybe a third.

Ask them why they're doing it and you don't hear much about saving money. What
you do hear about is saving the planet, cutting greenhouse gas emissions,
reducing dependency on fossil fuels, stimulating a worthwhile industry and for
those who buy a battery back-up system, the comfort of being blackout-proof.

Economists would argue that these people are paying for a feeling of worthiness.
But I applaud these irrational investors because they are paving the way to a
future in which photovoltaic power will be widespread, taken for granted and
perfectly defensible for household budgets.

Not many years ago a person who wanted photovoltaic panels installed had an
uphill battle against unsympathetic distribution authorities. Enough persisted,
however, and now every authority worth its salt is reasonably conversant with
solar power systems. Some actually sell and install them.

The Federal Government has helpfully provided grants of up to $8000 for solar
power systems over a certain size and this is definitely improving the economics
of photovoltaics. But it could do a lot more, as Germany has demonstrated.

Some years ago the German government decided it wanted to stimulate alternative
energy supply. It offered some grants, loans and subsidies, but the most
effective thing it did was to interfere with the market in electricity, passing
a law forcing power supply authorities to buy solar power at a generous premium
rate. This rate is subsidised by all power users via a very small increase in
their overall power bills.

For some parts of some days rooftop photovoltaic systems generate more power
than the house is using. When this happens, the power feeds back into the grid
and can be used elsewhere. In Australia most supply authorities reluctantly pay
a fairly dismal price for this exported power.

But in Germany the higher price for solar power suddenly meant a household
investment in photovoltaic panels could pay for itself after five years or so,
making the economics very attractive.

Not many years later Germany generates nearly half the world's photovoltaic
power and has become home to a thriving solar power industry that is making
great strides in the research, development and production of solar technology.
This industry, which sprouted overnight thanks to some well-planned government
intervention in the electricity marketplace, employs about 40,000 people in
Germany.

Not bad for a European country not generally known for brilliant sunshine.

If cloudy Germany can achieve that much, imagine what Australia could do.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Newcastle Newspapers Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              471 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            January 27, 2015 Tuesday

Demonstration and Promotion of Clean Energy and Adaptation Technologies for
Improved Household Agricultural Production

LENGTH: 349  words


Grantee:  The Bana Project of Lesotho
Area Of Work:  Climate Change Mitigation
Operational Phase:  Phase 5
Grant Amount: US$ 11,281.00
Description : The Bana Project is a Centre for care of orphaned and vulnerable
children.

Among its core programmes are the weekly feeding programme and sessions for
equipping the children with survival skills. With SGP support the Centre was
able to install a biogas digester, start a piggery project, and install a solar
system for water pumping and with contribution from the Ministry of Forestry and
Land Reclamation constructed a tank to harvest water from the roof. These
results were achieved through a project titled  Demonstration and Promotion of
clean energy technologies and water harvesting techniques for improved household
agricultural production . The challenges still facing the Centre are that
vegetable production has failed dismally for the past two years due to severe
drought and waterlogging caused by excessive rainfall that came very late in the
year. The installed solar system just pumps water and does not have the capacity
to meet the lighting and other energy needs of the Centre. The harnessed roof
water and the fertilizer from the bio-digester are not being put to good use
while the envisaged food production improvement is still a challenge. The
proposed intervention will focus on augmentation of the installed solar system
to demonstrate the full potential of solar power; and installation of a
greenhouse to counteract the effects of climate change on vegetable production.
Capacity building in business management will also be a major component of the
project.
Grantee Contact :
Mr. E. Botsane
Phone: +266-57143311
Address : P.O. Box4631, Mazenod
Maseru , AFRICA , 160
Project completion date : 2015-11-30 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : GEF-SGP Lesotho, C/O UNDP CO Lesotho,
13 United Nations Road, P.O. Box 301
Maseru, Africa, 100

Country :Lesotho
Email : nthabiseng.majara@undp.org,tseliso.tsoeu@undp.org

Financier : Global Environment Facility Small Grants Programme (SGP),

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              472 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                             June 4, 2014 Wednesday

Stopgap water plan gets county approval

BYLINE: BY MICHAEL J. WILLIAMS, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: 1; Pg. B

LENGTH: 534 words



HIGHLIGHT: Supervisors agree to step in if area near Wildomar loses its supply
unexpectedly.


A standby strategy for providing water to a neighborhood straddling the border
of Wildomar and Menifee should its source disappear received the Riverside
County Board of Supervisors' endorsement Tuesday.

Board members voted 4-0 without discussion to approve the plan under which the
county would take control of the faltering service operated by a private firm
and finance the extension of a water line from The Farm Mutual Water Co.

"It's really just a backup plan," said water company attorney John Schatz. "If
for some reason the system fails, there is a need to have some interim measure
available. We've agreed to look at (providing) a backup plan."

The supervisors' action authorized spending $22,400 to fund the project, money
the county expects to recover from customer payments and state subsidies,
according to Supervisor Kevin Jeffries.

Jeffries came up with the strategy as a stopgap measure while Elsinore Valley
and Eastern municipal water districts go through the process of extending
service to about 140 households on the north side of Bundy Canyon Road in
eastern Wildomar and western Menifee. A state grant is available to finance the
project, which is expected to cost more than $5 million.

For years, the community has put up with nitrate-tainted well water and erratic
service provided by the County Water Co. of Riverside. Company representatives
recently declared it could no longer afford to operate and asked the county to
take over, while warning the system may soon fail.

While Jeffries sought the assistance of the public water districts to provide an
emergency response, officials with those utilities have declined to participate
until approval of state legislation that protects them from being sued over the
situation. As a temporary aid, Eastern has provided a tank of potable water to
the community.

After the districts' rejection, Jeffries turned to The Farm Mutual Water Co.,
which serves about 1,200 households in the subdivision known as The Farm. It is
situated across Bundy Canyon Road from the County Water Co. service area.

Schatz said the agreement with the county still needs approval by the agency's
board of directors, which should vote on it later this month. The county has
promised The Farm company to cover any liability issues that may stem from its
involvement, Schatz said.

Senate Bill 1130, the legislation needed for the ultimate solution, awaits state
Assembly approval and the governor's signature after receiving Senate approval a
month ago. The measure by state Sen. Richard Roth, D-Riverside, is scheduled to
be heard by the Assembly Judiciary Committee on Monday.

"Sen. Roth believes it should be on the assembly floor by the end of the month
and then go to the governor's desk," said Roth's communications director, Chuck
Dalldorf. "There is no known opposition at this point."

While appreciative of the efforts to solve her neighborhood's water woes,
Lyndsey Amagrande, who lives on the Wildomar side, expressed frustration over
the lengthy delay.

"I am aware of the plan and wish they would get the ball rolling," she said in
an email. "Our water pressure has been very low, and continues to get worse with
the heat."



951-368-9690 or michaelwilliams@pe.com

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              473 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                              March 2, 2015 Monday

Howlin says water costs will not drop, despite Siptu calls

SECTION: IRELAND

LENGTH: 278 words


Mr Howlin also said he expects to engage with new pay talks with the public
sector workers soon, with a goal to hammering out a deal before the next budget.

Speaking at Labour s conference in Kerry, he responded to calls by Siptu
president Jack O Connor for a rise in the conservation grant for homes so their
water is free.

Mr O Connor said this should be introduced so that domestic users with normal
water usage levels would ultimately face no costs.

The Coalition s revised water charges scheme means a single adult household will
pay  60, while a multi-adult household will pay a maximum of  160.

Mr Howlin explained:  That is as low as we can make it, consistent with passing
the [EU s] market corporation test which we are determined to be an important
factor in allowing us to borrow the  600m that Irish Water will need to provide
potable and sustainable water across the country and to deal with the incredible
investments required to provide decent sewage systems.

Earlier, Environment Minister Alan Kelly told RTÉ s Claire Byrne on Saturday
that he would consider changes to the conservation grant.

Mr Howlin also responded to suggestions yesterday that the pension levy should
be the first thing reduced for public sector workers who had seen wage cuts in
the recession. This was a remark made by Impact general secretary Shay Cody
during a discussion on the recovery and jobs.

The minister said the public sector pay bill had now been reduced by  3bn
annually.

He said he wanted to engage in talks with trade unions after the first quarterly
economic figures become available to the Government and move to agree a new pay
deal in time for the budget in October.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              474 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Awards Community Development Block Grant
for Infrastructure Improvements in Somerset County

LENGTH: 321  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Department of Community and Economic Development Secretary C. Alan Walker today
announced the award of a $500,000 Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) to
the Somerset County Commissioners to extend public sewer piping and improve the
pump station to handle the increased capacity in the Village of Gray in Jenner
Township, Somerset County.

"Improving sewer systems are a costly but necessary upgrade to ensure public
health and safety," said Sec. Walker. "This grant will help support these
efforts without leaving the Township and individual homeowners with the
financial burden."

The Jenner Area Joint Sewer Authority will provide sewer to residents of the
Village of Gray who are currently relying upon failing or marginally performing
on-lot septic systems. The project will include the extension of 7,000 linear
feet of new sanitary sewer piping and the connection of 21 households to the new
system. In addition, improvements will be made to the pump station to handle the
increased capacity. The project will benefit both the 21 households added but
also the existing households currently on the system.

The CDBG grant will provide funding to extend public sewer to the Village of
Gray area of Jenner Township, Somerset County, to eliminate deficient on-lot
systems.

The Community Development Block Grant Entitlement Program is federally funded
and provides funding for the smaller communities and rural areas of the
commonwealth for community development including but not limited to housing
rehabilitation, public services, community facilities, infrastructure
improvement, development and planning.

For more information about the CDBG program and other community development
initiatives, visit www.newPA.com or call 1-866-466-3972.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              475 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Awards Community Development Block Grant
for Infrastructure Improvements in Somerset County

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Department of Community and Economic Development Secretary C. Alan Walker today
announced the award of a $500,000 Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) to
the Somerset County Commissioners to extend public sewer piping and improve the
pump station to handle the increased capacity in the Village of Gray in Jenner
Township, Somerset County.

"Improving sewer systems are a costly but necessary upgrade to ensure public
health and safety," said Sec. Walker. "This grant will help support these
efforts without leaving the Township and individual homeowners with the
financial burden."

The Jenner Area Joint Sewer Authority will provide sewer to residents of the
Village of Gray who are currently relying upon failing or marginally performing
on-lot septic systems. The project will include the extension of 7,000 linear
feet of new sanitary sewer piping and the connection of 21 households to the new
system. In addition, improvements will be made to the pump station to handle the
increased capacity. The project will benefit both the 21 households added but
also the existing households currently on the system.

The CDBG grant will provide funding to extend public sewer to the Village of
Gray area of Jenner Township, Somerset County, to eliminate deficient on-lot
systems.

The Community Development Block Grant Entitlement Program is federally funded
and provides funding for the smaller communities and rural areas of the
commonwealth for community development including but not limited to housing
rehabilitation, public services, community facilities, infrastructure
improvement, development and planning.

For more information about the CDBG program and other community development
initiatives, visit www.newPA.com or call 1-866-466-3972.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              476 of 996 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                           January 8, 2014 Wednesday

Strasburg Twp. Seeks Help With Grant;
Supervisors Hire Engineer To Apply For $250K In Federal Funds For Refton Sewer
Project

BYLINE: Donna Walker Correspondent

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 397  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


BY DONNA WALKER

Correspondent

Strasburg Township supervisors have hired the engineering firm Herbert, Rowland
and Grubic to complete the application for a $250,000 federal grant to offset
the cost of the Refton sewer project.

At a special meeting Monday, Dec. 30, supervisors agreed to pay $6,510 to HRG
because the firm has experience in applying for grants to finance major
projects, including wastewater treatment facilities.

"There is absolute expertise in writing grants," said supervisor C. Michael
Weaver.

As part of the approval, the supervisors said they will seek support from local
legislators on their own, a process they already have begun. Eliminating this
phase from the application agreement saves the township $1,400.

The community development block grant from the Department of Housing and Urban
Development also requires a survey of Refton Village residents' income levels.

To get the grant, the township must show that half of the households that will
hook up to the sewer system earn less than 80 percent of the township's median
income.

Township manager Mark Deimler said that number is $43,000 annually for a
two-person household and $53,750 annually for a four-person household.

RCAP of Lewisberry will conduct the survey of residents, which must be concluded
by April 1.

There will be 90 to 100 connections to the sewer system. Some hookups are for
businesses and won't be included in the survey.

The Refton sewage station will be located on 2.5 acres in the township park at
1323 Beaver Valley Pike.

Costs for construction of the new plant have been estimated at $2.8 million.

In another matter, supervisors discussed vacancies on township commissions and
boards.

The seven-member planning commission has one vacancy. It meets as needed on the
second Monday of the month.

Deimler said the supervisors could opt to make it a five-member committee if no
one applies for the open position.

In addition, the supervisors hope to re-establish a parks and recreation board
consisting of five people to handle the details involved in managing the
township park.

Interested persons should write a letter of interest to Strasburg Township, 400
Bunker Hill Road, Strasburg, Pa. 17579-9501. They can also call 687-6233 or send
an email to: strasburg1@comcast.net

Applicants must be township residents and over 18 years old. Supervisors said
the time commitment is about two hours a month.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              477 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                          February 21, 1998, Saturday

City's good standing bodes poorly for grants

BYLINE: AMYLIA WIMMER

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 563 words

DATELINE: INVERNESS



Inverness is applying for two federal grants - one to extend water and sewer
service and to correct drainage problems, another to improve downtown and  build
the first parking lot of a proposed govenment plaza.

The city's chances at winning the money could be hurt because the city's
finances are already in good condition. The city is trying to compensate by
adding extra incentives.

At least 51 percent of services financed by Community Development Block  Grants
must benefit low- or moderate-income households. But Inverness has few  areas
where low-income families live in poorly built, poorly maintained
neighborhoods.

That lack of need means a low score on Inverness' grant applications. The
maximum number of points a city can get for its community-wide need score,
assessed by the federal Department of Housing and Urban Development, is 250.
Grant consultants estimate Inverness' score at 54.

"Potentially, other communities that have bigger areas of blight could
benefit," said Bill Wiley, Inverness director of development services. "The
more work you do, the more you clean up your city, the lower your needs score
gets."

CDBG grants are based on a 1,000-point scale, and the communities with the  most
points receive $ 600,000 grants for neighborhood projects.

The Inverness City Council voted 5-0 Tuesday night to move forward with  plans
to apply for two CDBG grants. Applications are due in March, and city  officials
expect the state, which administers the federal grants, to rank  applicants in
April.

One grant would benefit the downtown area, where county commissioners plan  to
begin building a government plaza. The city lobbied commissioners to keep
county offices in downtown Inverness and has pledged to support development of
the plaza.

The first step is to build a parking lot for a judicial complex, which the
county might build in the next couple of years. That parking lot, to be built
on the old county jail property, would use $ 311,000 of CDBG grant money.

The rest of that grant would be used for downtown street lighting,  landscaping,
crosswalks and benches.

Inverness also plans to add, as an incentive, a pledge of $ 150,000 of local
money to downtown redevelopment. That move could improve the city's chances of
receiving the grant.

Pledging that money will delay some downtown projects. The city is waiting  to
spend $ 80,000 on street improvements downtown and thousands more for  engraved
bricks and a new city welcome sign.

Waiting to spend the money allows the city to include funding for those
projects in its local pledge.

The other grant, designed to help neighborhoods, would provide city water  to a
neighborhood off U.S. 41 N, near Andrew, Bruce and Carl streets. It would  also
extend sewer service off State Road 44 west along Carter and Colby  streets.

Those two projects would benefit about 40 households in Inverness,  including a
16-unit apartment complex. A third project to be funded through  the grant would
improve drainage on Zephyr Street between Line and Cherry  streets, where
stormwater lines have collapsed.

City Council members decided Monday that if Inverness is awarded both  grants,
it will choose the downtown grant over the one for low- to  medium-income
neighborhoods. The city cannot accept two CDBG grants in one  year.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITRUS TIMES

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                              478 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Farmers Weekly

                                August 12, 2011

Grants on offer for renewable household heating

BYLINE: Paul Spackman

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 263 words


Householders installing renewable heating systems such as biomass boilers, air
and ground-source heat pumps and solar thermal panels can now apply for grant
funding through a new government scheme.

The £15m Renewable Heat Premium Payment opened for applications on 1 August and
will run until 31 March 2012, providing one-off grant vouchers worth £300 to
£1,250, depending on the technology being installed.

For solar thermal products, any householder in England, Scotland and Wales can
apply. For those installing ground-to-water, air-to-water or water-to-water heat
pumps, and biomass boilers, support is targeted at those not connected to the
gas grid, relying on fuels such as oil, liquid gas, solid fuel or electricity
for their heating.

All successful applicants will have to meet certain conditions (eg basic
energy-efficiency measures must already be in place) and participants will be
asked to provide detailed feedback on their experience.

Installed products must be listed under the Microgeneration Certification
Scheme, and be fitted by someone registered under the scheme, or equivalent.

grants available

All houses

£300 - solar thermal (voucher valid for three months)

Houses not heated by gas from the grid

£950 - biomass boiler (voucher valid for six months)

£850 - air-source heat pump (voucher valid for five months)

£1,250 - ground-source or water-source heat pump (voucher valid for six months)

All installations must be complete and vouchers redeemed by the expiry date on
the voucher or 31 March 2012, whichever is sooner. No vouchers will be valid
beyond 31 March 2012.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                 Copyright 2011 Reed Business Information Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              479 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                            January 17, 2011 Monday
                                  City Edition

Time to engage in a realistic water debate

SECTION: COMMENT; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 301 words


Hopefully, now that the peak of the water emergency has passed (temporarily at
least), perhaps our elected representatives can settle down and engage in a
realistic discussion on the state of Northern Ireland Water (NIW)?

On the one hand it is said much of the water infrastructure is too old and worn
for its purpose, but on the other hand we are told emphatically the costs of
running and updating the system are already included in our domestic rates
charges and separate water charges will not be introduced.

In the last few weeks we have heard enough denials and petty point scoring from
politicians. And while an inquiry into the workings of NIW has been announced,
now Mr Murphy has agreed he too should be investigated. But why should there be
two investigations? Is this another example of how our politicians are willing
to squander taxpayers' money to protect themselves?

So the public can draw their own conclusions rationally, is it too much to ask
that some facts and figures be released?

How much of each household rates bill refers to water provision? What is the sum
total from Northern Ireland households collected in this way?

Is this grand total adequate to renew the water infrastructure within a
realistic time scale? If this amount is inadequate where will the shortfall be
found?

From a finite block grant, funding a water shortfall inevitably means something
else will have to be reduced -- from what will the shortfall be taken?

Why is it preferable to deprive that source than to pay for water?

Minister Murphy says NIW should be run by the Executive -- but does their record
to date inspire confidence? Examples of their management (or should I say
mismanagement?) skills that come to mind are the Maze site, not to mention
claims to streamline local government and education.

C Hasson

Belfast

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                Copyright 2011 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              480 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                            January 17, 2011 Monday
                                 First Edition

Time to engage in a realistic water debate

SECTION: COMMENT; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 301 words


Hopefully, now that the peak of the water emergency has passed (temporarily at
least), perhaps our elected representatives can settle down and engage in a
realistic discussion on the state of Northern Ireland Water (NIW)?

On the one hand it is said much of the water infrastructure is too old and worn
for its purpose, but on the other hand we are told emphatically the costs of
running and updating the system are already included in our domestic rates
charges and separate water charges will not be introduced.

In the last few weeks we have heard enough denials and petty point scoring from
politicians. And while an inquiry into the workings of NIW has been announced,
now Mr Murphy has agreed he too should be investigated. But why should there be
two investigations? Is this another example of how our politicians are willing
to squander taxpayers' money to protect themselves?

So the public can draw their own conclusions rationally, is it too much to ask
that some facts and figures be released?

How much of each household rates bill refers to water provision? What is the sum
total from Northern Ireland households collected in this way?

Is this grand total adequate to renew the water infrastructure within a
realistic time scale? If this amount is inadequate where will the shortfall be
found?

From a finite block grant, funding a water shortfall inevitably means something
else will have to be reduced -- from what will the shortfall be taken?

Why is it preferable to deprive that source than to pay for water?

Minister Murphy says NIW should be run by the Executive -- but does their record
to date inspire confidence? Examples of their management (or should I say
mismanagement?) skills that come to mind are the Maze site, not to mention
claims to streamline local government and education.

C Hasson

Belfast

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                Copyright 2011 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              481 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           January 24, 2015, Saturday

STATE Briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P10A

LENGTH: 931 words


McDowell man found guilty in shotgun slaying

WELCH - A 55-year-old McDowell County man has been convicted in the shooting
death of another man.

The Bluefield Daily Telegraph reported that a jury on Thursday found Wesley Owen
Payne, of War, guilty of second-degree murder in the death of Donald Lee Baker,
52, of Beartown. Baker was shot once in the chest with a shotgun at his camper
home in May 2013.

Payne faces up to 40 years in prison.

Prosecuting Attorney Ed Kornish told the jury that Payne was upset because his
girlfriend of more than 20 years had moved in with Baker.

The defense claimed that Payne never owned a gun. Payne testified that he found
the loaded shotgun on the hood of a vehicle and fired after Baker shot at him
with a rifle.

TSA: More guns found at W.Va. airports in '14

The Transportation Security Administration is reporting an increase in the
number of firearms that were discovered by TSA officers at checkpoints at West
Virginia airports.

In 2014, the TSA says, six firearms were detected at three West Virginia
airports. That's up two firearms from 2013.

At Yeager Airport, four firearms were found by TSA officers in 2014, double the
number found in 2013.

At Tri-State Airport in Huntington, two firearms were found. That's up by one
from the previous year.

At Raleigh Airport, officers reported finding no weapons at the checkpoint. One
was found in 2013.

W.Va. Senate passes bill that may delay final paychecks

The West Virginia Senate has passed a bill that would delay some paychecks for
employees no longer with their companies.

The GOP-led chamber passed the proposal 24-7 Friday, with only Democrats casting
dissenting votes.

When someone is let go, quits or resigns, the bill would let employers wait
until the next pay day to pay them.

Currently, the employee would have to be paid within four business days, or the
next pay day, whichever comes first.

If employees aren't paid on time under the bill, they would be eligible for
damages of twice the unpaid amount, in addition to the paycheck they're due.

Currently, employees are due their paycheck and three times the amount.

The bill moves to the House of Delegates for consideration.

W.Va. gets $12m in grant funding for infrastructure

More than $12 million in federal funding is heading to 14 infrastructure
projects in West Virginia.

Gov. Earl Ray Tomlin announced the Small Cities Block Grants on Thursday, adding
that more than $27 million in other government funding will be used to support
those projects.

He said the projects will benefit more than 7,300 West Virginia households.

They primarily involve the delivery of water services and water treatment
projects.

The funding ranges from $1.3 million to extend water service to 68 households in
the Braxton County town of Burnsville to $1.5 million to the Pendleton County
Commission to extend water service to 134 households in the Seneca area.

Other grants totaling $1.5 million are going to Pine Grove in Wetzel County,
Rowlesburg in Preston County and the Wyoming County Commission.

W.Va. inmates return to jail after heating repairs

AUGUSTA - Some 200 inmates are back at the Potomac Highlands Regional Jail
following repairs to the jail's heating system.

The West Virginia Regional Jail and Correctional Facility Authority relocated
the inmates to other regional jails on Tuesday while the work was under way. It
involved the flushing of liquid propane from system lines. The inmates were
relocated as a safety measure.

The authority says the return of inmates occurred without a hitch.

The inmates were back in their cells at the Hampshire County jail before dawn
Friday, ahead of forecast winter weather. The jail is located in Augusta.

WVU seeking applicants for Mountaineer mascot

MORGANTOWN - The hunt is on for one of the most high-profile positions in West
Virginia: the Mountaineer mascot.

A West Virginia University selection committee is looking for the next
buckskin-clad, musket-packing mascot to cheer on the Mountaineers.

Applications are available for students who want to step into the fringed boots
of the mascot for the 2015-16 school year. Besides an application, prospects
will also have to write an essay and provide references.

A selection committee of students and staff will review the applications and
interview candidates on Feb. 14. The top four finalists will participate in a
"cheer-off at the WVU Coliseum on Feb. 16.

The university's new mascot will be named during the second half of the men's
basketball game on Feb. 24.

Jenkins opens office in Beckley, plans more locations

Third Congressional District Rep. Evan Jenkins, R-W.Va., has opened a new office
in Beckley.

The office, at 223 Prince St., will be managed by Kim McMillion, who managed
former Rep. Nick Rahall's Beckley office for 16 years. The office phone number
is 304-250-6177.

Jenkins also has an office in Huntington and said he will open additional
offices in his congressional district in the coming months.

2014 Fall turkey season records 1,000-plus kills

The 2014 fall turkey hunting season in West Virginia saw more than 1,000 birds
taken.

The preliminary numbers were released by the state Division of Natural Resources
on Thursday. Curtis Taylor of the wildlife resources section said 1,016 turkeys
were checked in, compared to 999 in 2013.

Three of the six administrative districts reported increases in harvests from
2013 levels, ranging from a 4 percent increase in District 1 to a 69 percent
increase in District 6.

Top counties for 2014 were Nicholas with 90 turkeys, Greenbrier with 84,
Randolph with 83, Pocahontas with 54 and Preston with 53.

- Staff, wire reports

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Charleston Newspapers


                              482 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            October 27, 2014 Monday

#OKC Boxscore

BYLINE: By William Crum, Staff Writer

SECTION:

LENGTH: 723 words



#OKC Boxscore

Fire stations Condition study set;grant to fund safety effortThe Oklahoma City
Council has agreed to spend up to $225,000 to study the condition of the city's
fire stations. The study is to assess the cost of bringing stations up to
current building codes and National Fire Protection Association standards.
Addressing the condition of fire stations is one of the department's top three
budget priorities this year.Worth noting: Oklahoma State University-Oklahoma
City plans to use a $65,000 federal grant to install smoke alarms and fire
extinguishers specifically designed for kitchen use in neighborhood homes around
the university. Students in the municipal fire protection and EMS associate's
degree programs will host community fire safety and prevention seminars geared
toward high-risk, low-income residents.OKC Demographic snapshot:Ward 8 leads all
in incomeNorthwest Oklahoma City's Ward 8 is by far the city's most prosperous
ward.

The city keeps demographic data on each of the city's eight wards, documenting
household income, household size, race and ethnicity, and other characteristics
of the population. Current data is based primarily on the 2010 U.S. Census. Ward
8's median household income of $74,744 is 33.2 percent higher than the median
household income of $56,118 in Ward 5, the next most prosperous ward, in
southwest Oklahoma City. Ward 8 Councilman Pat Ryan is retiring after 10 years
on the city council. Attorney Mark Stonecipher has announced plans to run for
the seat in the March 2015 election.Worth considering: Each ward has between
70,000 and 80,000 residents; Ward 8 has 71,171 and an average household size of
2.32 people.On the money trailâ?¢ $24,776,650: Amount Oklahoma City will seek in
federal disaster recovery funds, primarily to upgrade electrical systems at the
Draper Water Treatment Plant. Power to the plant was disrupted for almost 24
hours by the May 20, 2013, tornado.â?¢ $16,536.32: Legal fees paid through the
end of September by Oklahoma City for the outside attorney who handles labor
negotiations with police and fire unions. Tony Puckett of McAfee &amp; Taft
charges $230 per hour.â?¢ $30,000: Oklahoma City's annual lease payment to the
Central Oklahoma Transportation and Parking Authority for street-level space in
the new Arts District Parking Garage, where an employee health clinic is
expected to open in January.They said it"The success of this clinic depends on
utilization."- Dianna Berry, Oklahoma City personnel director, discussing with
the city council plans for an employee health clinic. Berry said the key to cost
savings is getting as many employees as possible to use the clinic when medical
needs arise.Vote continues in world's best mayor campaignThe City Mayors
Foundation awards the World Mayor Prize every two years. Vote for OKC Mayor Mick
Cornett by submitting a brief written testimonial at oklahoma@worldmayor.com
Cornett is one of four North American finalists. Go online to www.worldmayor.com
for details.Friday is official trick-or-treat nightThe city council officially
declared Friday trick-or-treat night in Oklahoma City. Emphasizing safety, city
leaders asked residents who want to give out candy to turn on their porch
lights; trick-or-treaters are being asked to go only to houses with the lights
on.Halloween-themed events for children continue throughout this week in
Oklahoma City:â?¢ Pumpkinville continues daily through Friday at Myriad
Botanical Gardens, across the street from Devon Tower in downtown Oklahoma City.
Cost for children is $5, adults are $3.â?¢ "Haunted Hikes" for ages 6 and up
leave every half-hour starting at 7 p.m. Saturday from the visitors center at
Martin Park Nature Center, 5000 W Memorial Road. Register online at
www.okc.gov/active or call 297-1429. Cost is $5.Tweet of the week"Filmed all
summer w/@HBO to make this! "The Offseason" trailer"- @KDTrey5, Thunder forward
Kevin Durant. Watch at http://itsh.bo/1sUcXuw.It's a factOklahoma City says its
attorneys currently have 27 active property condemnation cases in
court.Present/absentThe mayor and all eight city council members attended the
Oct. 21 meeting.Looking aheadThe city council meets at 8:30 a.m. Nov. 4 at City
Hall, 200 N Walker Ave.William Crum, Staff Writerwcrum@opubco.comTwitter:
@williamcrumblog: www.newsok.com/blogs/civic-affairs


LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              483 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                             July 29, 2014 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Save money on heating and cut your household's carbon footprint with Grant
renewables

SECTION: DONT WASTE YOUR ENERGY;FEATURES; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 859 words


SAVE money on heating and lower your household's carbon footprint with the range
of Grant renewable heating appliances Homeowners across Northern Ireland are
becoming increasingly aware of the cost savings to be made by switching from
traditional fossil fuels to renewable fuels.

By switching to these modern and low-carbon fuels, householders across the
country are not only saving money on their home heating bills, but are also
reducing their carbon footprints by switching to a more environmentally friendly
fuel for heating their homes.

With this tremendous potential for cost savings and carbon reduction in mind,
Grant Engineering, one of Europe's leading manufacturers of highly efficient and
reliable heating products, is encouraging Northern Ireland's homeowners to
ensure they install the most efficient biomass and solar heating appliances
available when making the switch, to optimise the impact of their new
installations.

With some 35 years' experience in designing, manufacturing and supplying highly
efficient and reliable heating products - from their Grant Vortex Oil Condensing
Boiler, which features a patented condensing technology and ensures optimum
efficiency, to their state-of-the-art range of solar thermal panels and
cylinders - the company has led the way in ensuring that homes across the
country can access the latest cost-effective, environmentally friendly range of
heating solutions.

Grant Engineering has become synonymous with renewable heating appliances and
works with a strong network of certified Grant installers to ensure your
transition process is executed as smoothly as possible, with minimal disruption
to your home.

Grant is now considered by many to be the only option to consider when choosing
a new or replacement heating system.

With the much anticipated launch of the Domestic Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI)
in Northern Ireland expected within the coming months, Grant expects to see even
more interest in their range of high-efficiency products from residents in
Northern Ireland hoping to benefit from the government scheme which will provide
payments based on the amount of heat generated by their biomass installation.
Subject to terms and conditions.

Grant Spira Wood Pellet Boiler Winner of the Best Renewable Energy Product at
the SEAI Energy Show 2011, the Grant Condensing Wood Pellet Boiler is the first
wood pellet boiler with condensing feature on the market.

Fully automatic with an integrated pellet store that regulates the amount of
fuel being delivered to the burner in order to match heat demand, the boiler is
available in two outputs from 6-26 kW, and 9-36kW.

Utilising Grant's award winning patented condensing technology, installing a
boiler from the MCS-accredited Spira range of wood pellet boilers could also
enable homeowners in Northern Ireland to qualify for a grant of up to £2,500 via
the Renewable Heat Premium Payment (RHPP), subject to terms and conditions.

Grant Vecta Condensing Biomass Boiler Following the success of the Grant Spira
Condensing Biomass Boiler, Grant Engineering has developed a more compact
condensing wood pellet boiler in response to customer feedback.

This state of the art biomass boiler boasts a smaller footprint than any other
wood pellet burner, offering a biomass solution for suburban and urban
households across Ireland.

With an operating efficiency in the region of 95% and in the process of
receiving MCS accreditation as well as recognition under the Clean Air Act, the
Vecta Condensing Biomass Boiler answers the growing demand for biomass across
the UK and Ireland with a significantly smaller footprint than other wood pellet
boiler installations.

What's more, this compact boiler includes a self-cleaning boiler and burner
features, an integrated pellet store, rapid ignition system and a fully
condensing operation incorporating Grant's proven Vortex technology.

With the approaching annual Domestic Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) and the
existing RHPP of £2,500 combined with wood pellet prices being far more
competitive than LPG, Oil or Electricity for heating your home, the Vecta will
quickly become one of the most asked for wood pellet boilers available following
its launch in at the end of 2014.

Grant Solar & Cylinders Installing solar energy appliances is a highly effective
way of reducing the carbon footprint of a building. The Grant Solar Thermal flat
plate panels are a highly efficient means of using renewable energy from the sun
to provide free hot water used in the home.

The Grant Solar flat plate panel can provide up to 70% of the hot water
requirement for a domestic house. The Grant Solar flat plate panels are
extremely robust, low maintenance, easily installed and highly efficient.

Grant Engineering also provides a full range of stainless and copper solar
cylinders, suitable for all applications, which can be installed in homes that
have either public water mains or their own water supply.

Grant Engineering products are readily available from leading building merchants
and hardware suppliers. Visit www.grantni.com for more info, or contact the
Grant Engineering team: info@grantni.com or Freephone: 0800 279 4796.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BTT


                Copyright 2014 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              484 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                            April 18, 2012 Wednesday

Low-income households may get waiver

SECTION: IRELAND

LENGTH: 298 words


An interim draft report, seen by the Irish Examiner, states: "If charging for
domestic water consumption, then the balance of views and available research
would also suggest that a waiver system should be put in place to protect
low-income households."

The document suggests that in order to incentivise water conservation, "a grant
scheme could be established to encourage householders to install meters, check
the pipes on their boundaries for leaks, buy water conservation devices such as
low-flow showers, install rainwater harvesting systems and water purification
systems".

The confidential draft was circulated to members in recent days and expresses
concern about the liabilities that may be transferred to Irish Water, the state
company that will be set up this year to assume responsibility for water
services from the 34 city and county councils.

The committee sought information on the projected amount of assets and
liabilities that would transfer to Irish Water.

It is understood the last applicable valuation of assets was carried out in
2003. An independent report for the Department of the Environment suggested
there was no estimate available with regard to liabilities.

However, in the draft, the committee acknowledges the position of the department
that the "debt to asset value ratio is expected to be low and that a full due
diligence" would be conducted before the transfer.

"The identification and quantification of these financial liabilities will be
one of the key tasks to be rolled out as part of the implementation plan for
Irish Water," the draft report states.

"The department maintains, however, that over the past decade the exchequer has
funded on average 75% of the cost of water sector capital projects, so the debt
to asset value ratio is expected to be low."

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              485 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                            April 18, 2012 Wednesday

Low-income households may get waiver

SECTION: IRELAND

LENGTH: 298 words


An interim draft report, seen by the Irish Examiner, states: "If charging for
domestic water consumption, then the balance of views and available research
would also suggest that a waiver system should be put in place to protect
low-income households."

The document suggests that in order to incentivise water conservation, "a grant
scheme could be established to encourage householders to install meters, check
the pipes on their boundaries for leaks, buy water conservation devices such as
low-flow showers, install rainwater harvesting systems and water purification
systems".

The confidential draft was circulated to members in recent days and expresses
concern about the liabilities that may be transferred to Irish Water, the state
company that will be set up this year to assume responsibility for water
services from the 34 city and county councils.

The committee sought information on the projected amount of assets and
liabilities that would transfer to Irish Water.

It is understood the last applicable valuation of assets was carried out in
2003. An independent report for the Department of the Environment suggested
there was no estimate available with regard to liabilities.

However, in the draft, the committee acknowledges the position of the department
that the "debt to asset value ratio is expected to be low and that a full due
diligence" would be conducted before the transfer.

"The identification and quantification of these financial liabilities will be
one of the key tasks to be rolled out as part of the implementation plan for
Irish Water," the draft report states.

"The department maintains, however, that over the past decade the exchequer has
funded on average 75% of the cost of water sector capital projects, so the debt
to asset value ratio is expected to be low."

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              486 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      North Shore News (British Columbia)

                            October 28, 2007 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Energy saved is clean air earned

BYLINE: Sandra Thomas, Special To North Shore News

SECTION: LIVE GREEN; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 661  words


Sure, switching to energy-efficient light bulbs is a good start when it comes to
saving energy at home, but according to Environment Canada, a few minor
renovations can also go a long way towards that goal.

In the kitchen it can be as easy as switching to the energy-saving dry cycle on
your dishwasher or turning off lights and appliances when not in use. But, if
you're willing to spend a little cash now to save a lot down the road, replace
your old refrigerator with an energy-efficient model. Environment Canada
recommends consumers use the EnerGuide Appliances Directory when purchasing any
new appliances.(

In the bathroom your energy savings will grow even more though if you install a
low-flow showerhead. You should also regularly check for toilet leaks by putting
a small amount of food colouring into the tank and observing how it spreads to
the bowl before flushing. Repair leaks promptly and look for EcoLogo certified
plumbing products when you shop. The EcoLogo label certifies a product has been
deemed environmentally friendly by the Canadian government.(

Both cranking up the heat in the winter and chilling with the air conditioning
in the summer use large amounts of energy. By installing a programmable
thermostat, you can control the temperature in your home at night or when you're
away. Also plant a few trees, they provide natural insulation.

Terasen Gas suggests hiring a registered gas contractor to tune up your furnace
as early in the fall as possible. While the inspector checks the furnace, get
him to take a look at your home's natural gas piping.(

Terasen Gas has also teamed up with FortisBC and B.C. Hydro to offer homeowners
the new Energy Star heating system upgrade. Homeowners who upgrade before next
March are eligible for a $250 credit on their gas bill. As well if the new
furnace you install has a variable motor speed, you'll get an extra $50 credit.
Energy Star appliances are also exempt from provincial sales tax, so you'll save
another seven per cent on those purchases.(

If you own a detached, semi-detached or low-rise multi-unit residential
building, you may be eligible for a federal grant to be used for energy-saving
home improvements. The ecoEnergy Retrofit grant pays up to $5,000. You can order
an energy audit through ecoEnergy, which will pinpoint exactly where the
problems in your home are. The audit costs $295, but the renovations completed,
including the installation of new windows or insulation, could be covered by the
grant.(

There are many home improvements you can make to save energy in your home, but
according to Environment Canada, if every household did nothing more than switch
one 60-watt light bulb with a 15-watt compact fluorescent bulb in a heavy use
area, the collective savings in energy cost would be $63 million annually and
the reduction in greenhouse gas emissions would be the equivalent of taking
66,000 cars off the road.(

For more information on the home improvement grants, go to
www.homeperformance.com.

- - -

ENERGY SAVING TIPS

When washing or shaving, Environment Canada recommends partially filling the
sink basin and using that water instead of running the tap. This reduces water
use by about 60 per cent. As well, turn off the tap while brushing your teeth
instead of letting it run continuously. Use water from a mug for rinsing. This
simple act reduces water use by almost 80 per cent.

When it comes to saving water and energy, the long, hot bath has become
something of a luxury item. Learn to embrace a short shower, or if you insist on
bathing, only fill the tub half way.(

In the laundry room, save energy on your next wash load. If your washing machine
has an adjustable water-level indicator, set the dial to use only as much as you
need. If it doesn't, only wash full loads. Also, use the shortest cycle possible
for washing clothes, use warm water rather than hot and use the "suds-saver"
feature if your machine has it. After your clothes are washed, hang them to dry.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Terry Peters, North Shore News; (According to Environment Canada,
if every Canadian household did nothing more than switch one 60-watt light bulb
with a 15-watt compact fluorescent bulb in a heavy use area, the collective
savings in energy cost would be $63 million annually. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 North Shore News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              487 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                            June 10, 2015 Wednesday

Decades needed to replace lead water pipes

SECTION: IRELAND

LENGTH: 528 words


Launching the first government initiative to try and tackle the problem, Mr
Kelly said it was not a quick-fix situation.

The minister said it could take up to 20 years to rid households and public
buildings of the menace posed by lead pipes, stating:  It cannot be dealt with
immediately or quickly but will take a considerable amount of time.

The HSE s assistant national director on health policy Professor Kevin Kelleher
warned people with lead pipes should not drink the water, especially vulnerable
groups like pregnant women and young children.

Mr Kelly defended the fact that Irish Water would only replace pipes to the
boundary of the property, and then only when the householder has changed the
internal ones.

The primary focus of the national strategy is the protection of human health.
Responsibility for replacing lead pipes from the main stopcock to the house and
within the house rests with the homeowner,  the minister said.

Fianna Fáil environment spokesperson Barry Cowen criticised the grant system
made available to some householders by the Government as inadequate.

The scale of the problem has been clear under EPA surveys which have indicated
up to 200,000 homes could possess lead supply pipes. This presents a serious
threat to the health of residents, which is heightened for young children and
pregnant women.

The problem is also widespread in public buildings such as schools, he said.

The Government is currently spending  539m, borrowed from the National Pension
Reserve Fund, to finance the roll out of water meters.

These meters will not be used until 2019 at the earliest. In the meantime it is
backtracking on its own  first fix  policy, and in the process is leaving up to
200,000 homeowners high and dry. These homes will now have to pay water charges
and in addition be forced to pay for extensive plumbing works to replace lead
pipes.

The decision on a small means-tested grant falls far short of the much vaunted
policy former minister Phil Hogan announced some years ago. It s another example
of the on-going disaster of Irish Water and a reminder of how unfit for purpose
the Government s plan has been from day one,  Mr Cowen said.

The lead pipe problem impacts on buildings built before the 1970s, and the full
details of the grant scheme to partially cover the cost to homeowners will not
be available until the October Budget.

Opposition TDs have criticised the funding available which allows people earning
below  50,000 to claim up to  4,000, and those on incomes of  50,000 to  75,000
to access up to  2,500. It is estimated the cost of replacing lead pipes will be
around  5,000 per household impacted.

The situation is particularly dangerous for babies, whose development can be
delayed due to exposure to contaminated water. There is also a serious risk to
brain development and kidney function from drinking water with lead levels above
the recommended level.

The Government will launch an information campaign soon to inform people
concerned about the situation what to do.

Irish Water s Jerry Grant said water was the most  intractable  of the problems
regarding lead contamination.

VISIT THE  IRELAND TODAY  HOME PAGE HERE

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              488 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         Morning Star (Wilmington, NC)

                            March 19, 1998, Thursday

CITY STILL HOPES TO AID RENOVATION; North Fourth church won't get share of
hurricane funds

BYLINE: By PHILIP HERVEY, Staff writer

SECTION: Local/Regional; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 483 words


A deteriorated North Fourth Street church won't benefit from a federal grant
Wilmington received for repairs related to hurricanes Bertha and Fran.

Tuesday night, the Wilmington City Council decided to split the $ 740,794 among
three projects.

The money, from the federal Department of Housing and Urban Development, will be
spent on water and sewer lines in Carolina Place, a sewer main in the Brooklyn
neighborhood, and the installation of an 800 megahertz transmitter boosting the
Fire Department's communication system.

The city considered using up to $ 200,000 to fix hurricane-related damage at
North Fourth Street's St. Andrews Church. The building suffered some roof and
brick damage when Fran blew through the area in 1996, but most of the building's
deterioration was caused by years of neglect.

The city could identify just $ 40,000 in hurricane damage to the church, said
Susan Dankel, the city's director of administrative services. City officials
decided that small amount didn't justify using the grant money.

So the city added the Brooklyn project to the grant-funded list.

The Brooklyn work will replace the North Eighth Street sewer main that had
several major ruptures due to backflow from hurricanes Bertha and Fran,
according to a city memo. The line serves the Brooklyn neighborhood, one of the
city's largest pockets of low- to moderate-income households.

The project in Carolina Place involves repairing or replacing water and sewer
lines more than 75 years old. More than seven of 10 residents in the target area
live in low- to moderate-income households.

The Brooklyn work will cost $ 400,000. The total price of the Carolina Place
project is $ 1.1 million, the city said. The balance will come from the city's
utility fund, Ms. Dankel said.

The transmitter for the Fire Department will help improve communication during
natural disasters, the city said. Other divisions, such as code enforcement,
will also use the new transmitter.

The city is considering using some unspent Community Development Block Grant
money on the church, which the city wants to see converted into an arts center.
The purchase of the property by the Historic Wilmington Foundation from a
Charlotte businessman is pending, Ms. Dankel said.

In other business, the council:

* Postponed a decision on a special use permit for a new law office at 602
Market St. Neighbors complained it would require cutting a large oak tree.

* Closed a 310-foot section of Columbia Avenue, a mapped street east of Forest
Hills Drive.

* Delayed a decision on condemning a house at 118 S. 13th St. Condemnation of
707 Kidder St. was approved.

* Authorized city staff to seek a consultant to prepare a downtown parking plan.

* Passed a resolution urging completion of a Corps of Engineers project
deepening the Cape Fear River. The work would benefit the state port.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 Wilmington Star-News, Inc.


                              489 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                             March 3, 2007 Saturday
                                 Fourth Edition

Ministers urged to extend grants for solar panels as demand soars

BYLINE: Andy McSmith

SECTION: HOME; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 661 words


Ministers who imposed a cap on the number of homes that qualify for grants for
"green" energy sources such as solar panels and wind turbines following a sharp
rise in consumer demand have come under pressure to scrap the monthly limit.

The cap on grants was imposed last December as ministers became alarmed by the
rising cost, pushed up by the willingness of home owners to spend money to
reduce global warming.

When the Cabinet discussed its strategy on global warming this week, Trade
Secretary, Alistair Darling, told ministers that if his department had not
imposed a "cap" on grants, the entire budget for the scheme would be used up
long before it was due to close.

It has created a monthly rush as homeowners go online first thing in the morning
on the first day of each month, hoping to be at the front of the queue. This
month, one application came in every 24 seconds, until the whole month's budget
had been swallowed, in just over an hour.

Householders who still want to replace roof tiles with solar panels have to
decide whether to bear the whole cost themselves, which could be as a much as
£7,000, or try again on 1 April.

Manufacturers complain that the crisis is undermining the Government's policy of
stimulating a market for green energy sources, in the hope that rising demand
will bring down prices.

"The cap is just a liability in the marketplace," Graham Meeks of the Renewable
Energy Association said yesterday. "How can you run a business on a lottery? You
still have to carry out sales and marketing but no matter how good a salesman
you are or how good your product is, in the end you depend on the customer
sitting in front of a computer and being quick off the mark to get a sale."

March's grants became available online at 9am on Thursday, and, by 10.15 am, the
Department of Trade and Industry had accepted 189 applications and allocated
£635,340 in grants. Bidding was then closed.

The winning bids included 79 homes that bid for solar water heating, 62 bids for
photovoltaic solar panels in the roof, 31 for domestic wind turbines, 11 for
ground source heat pumps, five for wood fuelled boiler systems, and one for a
combined biomass stove and room heater with an automated wood pellet feed.

One frustrated applicant, John Grist of Hadleigh, near Ipswich, said: "I have
personally complained to the DTI and made them aware that this is just a
farcical situation. I urge anyone to make a similar complaint."

A DTI spokesman described the take-up as "fantastic". He added: "The scheme is a
demonstration programme designed to kick-start the household microgeneration
sector. It cannot support every application and the ultimate goal for the
environment and taxpayer will be a market that can stand on its own two feet
without subsidy."

The cap on the grants available each month was introduced on 1 December. Before
that, the DTI was allocating about 450 grants a month, at a cost of over £1m a
month. In December, it took almost two weeks for the monthly cap to be reached
but in February, the whole allocation had been taken by noon on the first day.

The cost of alternative power

PHOTOVOLTAIC SOLAR PANELS

Panels cost up to £9,000 per kilowatt installed. From April, the maximum grant
will drop to £2,000 per kilowatt. Average grant: £7,341.

WIND TURBINES

A typical household turbine has an output of 2.5-6 kilowatts. Performance varies
wildly. A 6-kilowatt system can cost £18,000. Average grant: £4,111.

SOLAR WATER HEATING

A panel in the roof can supply all the hot water you need in summer but you will
have to turn on the boiler in winter. The cheapest is about £2,000. Average
grant: £400.

GROUND SOURCE HEAT PUMPS

The pumps transfer heat from the ground to warm the house or heat water. An
8-kilowatt system costs up to £9,600 plus connection costs. Average grant:
£1,186.

BIOMASS BOILERS

They generate heat from wood pellets and other biofuels. A 20-kilowatt boiler,
adequate to heat a three-bedroom house, costs up to £5,000. Average grant:
£1,500.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IA


                      Copyright 2007 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              490 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Geelong Advertiser (Australia)

                            December 19, 2014 Friday
                                Geelong Edition

Troubled waters paying bills

BYLINE: Shane Fowles

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 319 words


MORE Barwon Water customers are taking out instalment plans and accessing
hardship grants despite falling prices.

The region's economic woes are reflected in the -increasing difficulty to pay
water bills, with about one in 12 customers on instalment plans in 2013-14.

Barwon Water had one of the biggest increases for the payment structure while
being one of three regional authorities to approve significantly more hardship
grants.

The issues have emerged despite the average annual household water bill in the
-region dropping $11 to $1055 in 2013-14, with tenants seeing an even larger
fall to $337.

The figures were released by the Essential Services Commission yesterday, which
revealed sharp increases in the rate of residential utilities disconnections
across -Victoria.

The state's energy regulator found the number of -energy customers taking part
in hardship programs -increased by 38 per cent in the 2013-14 year.

Commission chairman Ron Ben-David said: -"Increased participation in hardship
programs may be a positive development if it is indicating that retailers are
working more closely with customers who may be -experiencing difficulty in
paying their bills." However, rising levels of debt from people entering the
programs - up from $742 to $1034 - drew concern from the commission.

Barwon Water said the rise in instalment plans could not be tied to a particular
eco-nomic event but staff actively promoted the flexible payment options.

Customers and people general manager Melissa Stephens said while prices had been
minimised, the corporation was conscious of cost of living pressures and had
systems in place to assist.

Barwon Water was one of six businesses to see a fall in bills, with the average
customer now $33 better off than the statewide weighted -average.The fall in
costs is reflected in a drop in consumption, with the average household using
151kL of water, the lowest amount in three years.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Geelong Advertiser


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              491 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                             March 11, 2011 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Sask. residents thinking green

BYLINE: Taylor Shire, Leader-Post

SECTION: CITY & PROVINCE; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 465  words


More Saskatchewan households are going "green."

According to Statistics Canada's 2009 Households and the Environment survey,
released this week, being environmentally friendly is becoming the norm.

Gordon Dewis, research analyst for Statistics Canada, who managed the survey,
said Saskatchewan ranked fairly well when compared with the national average and
was in line with neighbours Manitoba and Alberta.

More than 14,750 households were surveyed by telephone in late 2009.

The survey covered consumption and conservation of energy and water, indoor
environment, household hazardous waste and purchasing decisions.

Households in Saskatchewan were more likely to unplug electronics when going
away for extended periods of time.

Six out of 10 households (60 per cent) in the province unplugged, while Canadian
households were slightly lower at 57 per cent.

In 2009, 21 per cent of Saskatchewan households were energy audited, compared
with 12 per cent of Canadian households.

Dewis said there was an energyefficiency grant program being offered in
Saskatchewan during the survey.

"This may account for the relatively high proportion of households that had
conducted an energy audit because it may have been a criteria for getting a
grant," said Dewis.

Saskatchewan ranked highest in the country when it came to closing blinds during
the hottest part of the day. Ninety-three per cent of Saskatchewan households
did this, while only 83 per cent of Canadian households closed them.

Eighty-eight per cent of Canadians own at least one type of energysaving light,
while Saskatchewan households were higher at 91 per cent.

Half of Canadian households used dimmers on household lights, while only 43 per
cent of Saskatchewan households had them. Forty-two per cent of households in
Saskatchewan (and Canada) had a low-volume toilet.

Sixty-three per cent of households in Canada had a low-flow shower head, while
only 51 per cent had one in Saskatchewan.

Seventy per cent of households in Canada had a lawn -76 per cent in
Saskatchewan.

Of households that maintained a lawn, 43 per cent in Canada watered it, while in
Saskatchewan it was much higher at 66 per cent.

More environmentally friendly cleaning products are becoming available.

Eighty per cent of Canadian households purchased "green" cleaning products,
while that number was 84 per cent in Saskatchewan.

"We are starting to see products become more available in conventional grocery
stores, whereas before, people who wanted to be ecoconscious had to go to
specialty stores," said Allyson Brady, executive director of the Saskatchewan
Environment Society.

"As humans, we all depend on a clean environment, so we're providing for our own
health by being ecofriendly," she added. "There's definitely a trend towards
people being more environmentally friendly."

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2011 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              492 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                           October 15, 2009 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Power bills may rise to cut emissions

BYLINE: Ewa Kretowicz

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 291  words


The ACT Government is considering a new plan to cut household carbon emissions
but it could increase electricity bills.

Environment Minister Simon Corbell said changing the role of electricity
providers could slash greenhouse gas emissions by four million tonnes over 20
years.

"It would turn an electricity supply company into an energy services company
through a mandated obligation to deliver greenhouse gas emission reductions," Mr
Corbell said.

The plan, a first in Australia, would force electricity suppliers to reduce
carbon emissions in households and businesses.

"One option ... is a small increase in electricity bills which is smeared across
all consumers, which is then used to fund the program. We could do a mixture of
that and government grants, we could also access Commonwealth loan programs as
well or we could have a straight levy on all house- holds."

The services would then be free or discounted. "ActewAGL would go to the
household and say, 'We believe you can achieve savings of x amount in your
energy use. We suggest you do the following things by providing them with either
discounted services, free or loan services to put in place more efficient space
heating, better hot- water systems, better heating and lighting control, other
schemes such as fridge buy-back schemes for inefficient fridges.' And so the
consumer will have reduced electricity bills. " The Government will investigate
the proposal for three months.

Mr Corbell said the program could help 20,000 households and had proven
effective in Britain.

"It's time for the Government to move away from grants programs they are too
small and they don't reach enough homes."

The current household energy audit program cost $2-4 million and had audited
only 500 homes.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


       Copyright 2009 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              493 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                             May 12, 2010 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

BYLINE: Carwyn Jones

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 572 words


Apioneering project launched by Warm Wales Cymru Gynnes at a Wales & West
Housing Association (WWHA) retirement scheme to help tackle the issue of fuel
poverty has been given the thumbs up by First Minister, Carwyn Jones.

The project, at The Beeches retirement complex in Bridgend, is the result of a
partnership between Warm Wales, West Wales Housing Association (WWHA) and Wales
and West Utilities Ltd (WWU), and kicks off the fuel-poor initiative which is to
be rolled out across Wales.

"I am delighted that this scheme to bring cost-effective warmth to those who
live at The Beeches in Bridgend has been so successful," said Mr Jones, AM for
Bridgend.

"I understand this is the first such project in Wales and I am pleased I was
able to help the residents in kick-starting the project."

Phil Roberts, chief executive of Warm Wales, said: "We are delighted that Ofgem
and Wales & West Utilities have forged these arrangements for households in
Wales and the south-west of England.

"We believe that the arrangements will provide the missing link in the funding
chain for many households."

Graham Edwards, WWU's chief executive, said: "This is a positive step forward in
addressing the issue of fuel poverty and we are delighted to have worked with
Warm Wales and Wales & West Housing Association in ensuring that this local
retirement complex is one of the first to benefit from the scheme."

The fuel-poor scheme, to extend WWU's gas network to fuel-poor communities and
individuals who have previously not been able to benefit from a connection to
gas mains, comes after agreement with Ofgem. Warm Wales will be working with WWU
to help deliver the initiative.

The project involved connecting the 20-year-old flats to the mains gas supply,
removing electric storage heaters and hot water cylinders and replacing them
with new energy efficient, combination and condensing boilers and new central
heating systems. These are fitted with thermostatic radiator control valves,
timers and programmers. The boilers allow for separate temperature control of
the heating and hot water temperatures, and the programmer is can be used by
people with impaired sight.

Warm Wales brought together a package of funding and the key partners to enable
the project to happen. The gas work (service connections and pipes) would
normally cost just over pounds 30,000 but was 100% funded from the new grant
scheme offered by WWU.

Residents qualified for grant aid on various grounds and further grants reduced
the cost of the new heating systems significantly.

The work was completed within six weeks and a formal opening took place at which
First Minster Carwyn Jones and the project partners celebrated with the
residents.

What makes Warm Wales different? Warm Wales Cymru Gynnes is a registered
community interest company and operates on a not-for-profit basis. It reinvests
its business savings in the projects it carries out and within the communities
where it works to bring a legacy of positive achievement.

It offers consultancy, project management and grant funding advice and services.
Warm Wales believes it offers a unique blend of knowledge, expertise and access
to funding to the private individual, and to the social housing sector in Wales.

If you want to know how Warm Wales Cymru Gynnes might be able to help you call
01639 825960, visit www.warmwales.org.uk / www.cymrugynnes.org.uk or e-mail
enquiries@warmwales.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  First Minister Carwyn Jones launches the Beeches scheme with residents
and project partners

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: wm


                    Copyright 2010 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              494 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                            November 9, 2007 Friday
                                 FIRST Edition

Dipping a toe into water equity

BYLINE: JOHN BEVERIDGE

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 87

LENGTH: 340  words


EVERYBODY knows water bills are set to increase dramatically over the next few
years.

What hasn't been addressed is the best and fairest model for sharing the cost
across water users.

Some groundbreaking research from Queensland University economist John Quiggin
advocates that each household should get a limited ''per person'' allowance for
water rather than the now familiar block tariffs.

La Trobe University academic Dr Lin Crase said some of the university's
researchers had modelled the concept against current Melbourne water use and
found it would substantially improve the equity of water tariffs.

''There is a widespread belief that water tariffs act as a de facto tax on the
rich,'' said Dr Crase, who heads La Trobe's Albury-Wodonga campus.

''Given that a proportion of water bills ends up with the state government as a
dividend or an environmental contribution, it is important that they adhere to
the general principles of taxation.''

However, when the researchers modelled household water bills against average
income in different areas, there were some serious flaws and a lot of inequity.

Areas such as Docklands had a lot of wealthy apartment dwellers but their water
bills were much lower than a large low-income family living in a suburban house.

''So a family of five living in Footscray are effectively subsidising wealthy
water users in an apartment due to block pricing.''

A remarkable 36 per cent of Victorians also got a rebate on their water bills
due to concessions -- some of which would have gone to people with substantial
assets.

The modelling showed Professor Quiggin's idea of allowing a certain amount of
water per person living in a household produced a much fairer outcome.

Dr Crase said as water bills rose, it became more important that the user-pays
system was fair to people across income groups.

Dr Crase was recently awarded a large research grant by the Australian Research
Council to examine the water crisis.

That research aims to investigate the efficient allocation of water between
rural and urban users.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DHS


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              495 of 996 DOCUMENTS


              The Stanly News & Press (Albemarle, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              April 9, 2010 Friday

Board OKs bid for water projects

BYLINE: Jim Lisk, The Stanly News and Press, Albemarle, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 491 words


Apr. 9--At Monday evening's meeting, the county commissioners approved Ritchie
Construction Co., LLC to do water projects that will provide water to both the
Rolling Hills and Tyson Village mobile home parks.

The Community Development Block Grant will provide water to more than 100
low-to-moderate income homes. Ritchie Construction's bid was $299,566.89.

The county commissioners also accepted an additional $4,006 from a second
Community Block Grant that will be used to provide water and/or sewer taps and
house connections to an additional two low-to-moderate income households. This
new amount is in addition to $50,000 received previously.

At a prior meeting, Spanky's Lawn Care and Landscaping of Norwood had been the
low bidder for the county's lawn care services and was awarded the contract.
However, after learning that Spanky's owner, Kevin Hurley, was Facilities
Manager Jerry Morton's son-in-law, County Manager Andy Lucas re-opened the bids
to avoid "any perceived conflict of interest."

With the second bidding both Spanky's and GrassPro, the current provider, had
identical low bids of $36,000. The commissioners voted to keep GrassPro as the
provider.

Following the decision, Hurley addressed the commissioners and challenged the
fairness of the decision.

"His bid was put in the newspaper," he said.

"In the future, if there's a family member involved, I want to know about it on
the front end," Lucas said.

"This has been a valuable lesson for all of us."

In other action, the commissioners approved two zoning-change requests from
residential-agriculture to highway business. A request by Bryan and Sandy Burris
of Maners Circle near New London was approved. Burris will run a boat repair
business in a shop next to his home.

Teresa Smith requested rezoning of a .356 tract at the intersection of Canton
Road and Canton Heights Road. She will use the existing home on the property for
business or commercial properties.

The commissioners also approved a request from the town of Badin for the county
to administer the Minimum Housing Ordinance within the town limits. Badin will
pay the county $25 per hour and mileage at the current IRS rate for the service
which will be provided by Stanly County Planning and Zoning staff.

A request from the owners of a convenience store in the South Albemarle Township
to allow alcoholic beverage sales was tabled until the next meeting to allow
County Manager Lucas to research the laws involved. Lucas said he would report
back at the April 19 meeting.

Text Only

To see more of The Stanly News & Press or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://thesnaponline.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Stanly News and Press,
Albemarle, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100409-ZF-Board-OKs-bid-for-water-projects-0409

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZF


                     Copyright 2010 The Stanly News & Press


                              496 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Times (South Africa)

                            February 27, 2009 Friday
                                   e1 Edition

Vast majority of SA's poor are trapped in rural areas, with no way out

BYLINE: Paula Armstrong, Bongisa Lekezwa and Krige Siebrits

SECTION: Pg. 11

LENGTH: 947 words


As political parties have begun electioneering, poverty alleviation has clearly
emerged as one of the most important problems for parties to tackle.

The country has seen waves of social unrest from its poorest and most
marginalised citizens over the past 18 months and some of these demonstrations
have resulted in violence.

In the present climate, it's perhaps a good time to present a broad analysis of
South Africa's poverty situation. A recent study by the University of
Stellenbosch Department of Economics analysed the data of two surveys conducted
by Statistics South Africa - the Income and Expenditure Survey of Households
(IES) 2005/06 and the General Household Survey 2006.

The report shows that there are several distinct aspects to poverty in South
Africa.

The analysis indicates that 47.1% of the population consumed less than the
"lower-bound" poverty line proposed by Statistics South Africa in 2007 - which
means 47.1% of the population did not have R322 (in 2000 prices) a month for
essential food and non-food items.

The poverty rates of South Africa's nine provinces differ significantly, as do
those of the urban and rural areas. In 2005/06 the poverty rates ranged from
24.9% in Gauteng and 28.8% in the Western Cape to 57.6% in the Eastern Cape and
64.6% in Limpopo.

The three provinces with the highest poverty rates (KwaZulu-Natal, the Eastern
Cape and Limpopo) are also relatively populous - at the time of IES2005 they
housed 47.4% of the population.

It should come as no surprise, then, that fully 60.1% of poor individuals lived
in these three provinces.

The incidence of poverty, however, was much higher in the rural areas - 59.3% of
poor individuals were rural dwellers, despite the fact that the rural areas
housed well below one-half of the population.

It is well known that South Africa's apartheid past imparted a strong and
stubborn racial character to distributions of income and wealth. In 2005/06 -
more than a decade after democratisation - the incidence of poverty among black
and coloured people remained dramatically higher than that among whites.

There was also a major difference in the poverty rate according to gender. Some
45% of all households headed by women lived below the "lower-bound" poverty
line, compared to only 25% of male-headed households.

The incidence of poverty generally increased with the age of the head of the
household. The only exception is the group of households headed by 15-to-24 year
olds - an indication of the extent of youth unemployment. The relatively high
poverty rates among households headed by individuals aged 65 and older reflected
the clustering of the destitute around the recipients of state old-age grants.

Living conditions and access to services are areas in which considerable
disparities also exist - the lack of access to services experienced by the poor
often contributes to the difficulty entailed in moving out of a state of
poverty. Many of the poorest households continue to live in informal and
traditional dwellings. While two-thirds of South Africa's poorest have
electricity, less than half have piped water.

As many poor households live in rural areas, these areas are often remote,
making it expensive and time-consuming for poor people to reach various
important facilities.

This exacerbates other time burdens on poor households alluded to earlier, such
as the collecting of water. About half of the poorest lived more than 30 minutes
from the nearest clinic and post office.

As for education, the relationship is to be expected: persons with low levels of
education were much more likely to be poor than the well-educated.

Poverty affected 66.3% of those who had no schooling and 59.9% of those who had
not completed primary school. By contrast, poverty was rare among those who had
obtained a post-matric certificate or diploma or degree: in these groups the
poverty rates were 4.6% and 1.2% respectively.

South Africa has an exceptionally well-developed system of social assistance
grants, and social assistance expanded dramatically in recent years. Government
spending on such grants increased from 1.9% of GDP in 2000/01 to an estimated
3.3% in 2007/08, while the number of beneficiaries increased from 3 million to
an estimated 12.4m.

A comparison of the actual incidence of poverty in 2005 with what would have
been the case if all those surveyed had reported zero income from grants shows
that grant income reduced poverty among individuals by 15%. Clearly, social
grants markedly reduce poverty by augmenting the income of poor households.

While the expansion of social grants has brought much-needed relief for many
trapped in poverty, lasting progress in the battle against poverty and its
manifestations, however, requires accelerated economic growth and fundamental
reform of the education system.

The negative correlation between a person's level of education and poverty
reflects the positive influence that education has on employment opportunities
and wages.

A recent editorial in one of South Africa's daily newspapers pointed out that a
deeper look at the manifestos reveals similarities among the parties contesting
the upcoming elections.

"Just how they plan to make these necessary reforms if given a chance is the
detail that appears to be lacking," it said. Clear and well-crafted strategies
that pay careful attention to poverty reduction and the education system, in
particular, would be advised if the country's future leaders are to make
promises a reality.

l Armstrong, Lekezwa and Siebrits are based at the University of Stellenbosch
Department of Economics and are authors of Poverty in South Africa: a profile
based on recent household surveys.

Tony Weaver is on leave.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              497 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              July 16, 2012 Monday

Rural households in Panama to receive water and sanitation services

LENGTH: 279  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


    The IDB and the Spanish Cooperation Fund for Water and Sanitation in Latin
America and the Caribbean provide $7.5 million grant for water and sanitation
in Panama.  The Inter-American Development Bank (IDB) approved a grant for $7.5
 million from the Spanish Cooperation Fund for Water and Sanitation in Latin
America and the Caribbean to provide drinking water and sanitation services to
more than 3,500 rural and indigenous households in Panama. At present, 59
percent of the population in the project area has potable water and 24 percent
has sanitation services. The program will finance 44 new potable water systems
and 3,533 new sanitation solutions. In addition, technical and financial
support will be provided to the Rural Water Management Boards (JAAR), which are
 responsible for drinking water services, and to the District Water and
Sanitation Commissions (CCAS). The Ministry of Health (MINSA) will carry out
the water and sanitation investments and provide assistance to the JAARs.
MINSA's central administration will be strengthened and potable water
departments will be established in regional health offices located in the
project area. These actions will help implement fees to cover operating costs
and maintenance, which are essential for sustainability.When completed, the
project is expected to increase potable water coverage in these areas from 59
percent to 99 percent; and of sanitation, from 24 percent to 65 percent. The
total cost of the program is $15 million, which includes $7.5 million in grant
funding from the Spanish Cooperation Fund for Water and Sanitation in Latin
America and the Caribbean, and $7.5 million in counterpart funding.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              498 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                              July 6, 2015 Monday

Fort Washington homeowners broaden fight over landslide evictions

BYLINE: Danny Jacobs

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 582  words


Three Fort Washington households facing eviction by Prince George's County as a
result of a landslide last year are preparing to expand their legal battle,
according to their lawyer.

A hearing on the county's request for a preliminary injunction to allow
demolition and construction along Piscataway Drive began last week and was
continued until the middle of August in Prince George's County Circuit Court,
according to Joseph P. Suntum, a principal at Miller, Miller & Canby Chtd. in
Rockville.

In the meantime, Suntum said, he plans to bring into the case three, third-party
defendants -- the Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission, the Maryland
Emergency Management Agency and the Federal Emergency Management Agency.

The underlying litigation stems from a hillside collapse in May 2014 that
affected road access and utility service to 28 homes on or near Piscataway
Drive, which remains closed in the area of the landslide. The county has
declared all of the homes unsafe for occupancy.

The county's request for a temporary restraining order to begin scheduled
construction on the site June 8 was denied last month by a Prince George's
County Circuit Court judge.

Prince George's County has said in court filings the landslide was caused by
rainfall and that the three households have refused to accept disaster relief
funds as compensation for the loss of their homes. The households have countered
the landslide was not an "act of God" but caused by WSSC and the county's
failure to install "appropriate water drainage facilities" for Piscataway Drive.
They have refused to take the disaster relief funds because, in exchange, they
would have to give up any claims against the county, according to their court
filings.

"The nature and extent of the damage and financial coercion the County is
wrongfully exerting upon Homeowners to coerce them into releasing the County of
all its liability and accept less than the full fair market value of their
homes," the households state.

The homeowners have filed their own preliminary injunction, seeking the
appraised value of their homes plus relocation costs in exchange for allowing
the properties to be demolished while not waiving the county's liability.

The county, in response, called the homeowners' proposal "bewildering. "

"No legitimate argument can be made that the public interest is served by having
Defendants enriched with Federal grant monies to which they have no
entitlement," the county wrote in opposing the homeowners' petition for a
preliminary injunction.

The county also noted that since declaring the homes unsafe for living, none of
the homeowners has met with county officials about it or sought judicial relief.

Of the defendant homeowners, only two remain in their home: Leonard and Joyce
Caveny are both in their 80s and have lived on Piscataway Drive for more than 35
years.

"They have been forced to 'camp' in their home without sewer or water," the
households' petition for preliminary injunction states. "They walk to a
neighbor's house for bathroom facilities. They carry in bottled water. They
stand watch over all the homes on the hill to prevent vandalism. "

Jared M. McCarthy, deputy county attorney with the Prince George's County Office
of Law, did not respond to a request for comment Thursday.

The case is Prince George's County, Maryland v. Tracy Rookard, et al.,
CAL15-16231.

http://www.mddailyrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              499 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                              March 6, 2017 Monday

UK Intellectual Property Office grants trade mark "Jumbo Micro" to Oaklands
Environmental Limited

LENGTH: 162 words

DATELINE: New York



 London:  Oaklands Environmental Limited, has been granted trademark
(UK00003213429) titled as "Jumbo Micro" from the UK Intellectual Property
Office.





  Status: Registered



 Class/es:    Class 11

     Waste water treatment tanks for household purposes;Wastewater treatment
tanks for household purposes;Wastewater treatment tanks for industrial
purposes;Waste water treatment tanks.

 Class 20

     Water tanks of plastic for agricultural purposes;Water tanks of plastic for
industrial purposes;Water tanks of plastic for household purposes;Plastic water
tanks;Plastic storage tanks;Liquid storage tanks, not of metal or masonry;Water
storage tanks, not of metal or masonry.

 Class 37

     Advice relating to preventing blockages in septic tanks;Cleansing of tanks.




 Filing Date:  23 February 2017



 Date of registration: 3 March 2017



 Representative name:  N/A



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              500 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                             May 1, 2013 Wednesday

Claremont can afford to buy water assets

BYLINE: By Sally Seven and Betsey Coffman

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 584 words


Only Golden State Water Co. (GSWC) can sell water to Claremont residents at this
time. Water rates are high and the city is considering acquiring the system.
GSWC commissioned several studies being used to persuade the public it would be
foolhardy for Claremont to take over.

On April 16, GSWC Vice President Denise Kruger signed a letter to Claremont
residents quoting such studies. The label side of the mailer reads, "Your annual
cost increase for the next 30 years" would be "$469.73 additional If City Pays
$54 million," and "$2,361.41 additional" at $204 million. There is no mention of
how those figures are calculated, no mention of cost savings under a nonprofit
municipal system, no recognition that these savings could be applied to the cost
of acquiring the system, and no acknowledgment of the Daily Bulletin's April 11
editorial, "Claremont ought to buy out water firm."

The Bulletin's editorial board interviewed representatives of both Golden State
Water Co. and the League of Women Voters. They concluded, "the logic put forth
in the League of Women Voters analysis makes sense: Ignore all that
back-and-forth, and simply compare the water rates in La Verne and Claremont. "

Here are some of the facts that support this conclusion:

Claremont and La Verne are similar in water quality, age of the water
infrastructure, elevation and location, water sources (imported from the
Sacramento Delta and pumped from local wells) and population.

There are important differences. La Verne owns its water system, sets its own
rates based only on the cost to supply water, does not bill itself for water
used by the city, does not pay taxes on the water system, and has access to
state and federal grants to help fund its system. All water income stays in the
city. With GSWC, water rates are the same for a large region that includes
cities where it is far more expensive to provide water. GSWC rates, set by the
California Public Utilities Commission, pay for generous shareholder profits and
individual executive salaries that run in the millions.

One would expect La Verne rates to be higher than Claremont's because La Verne
must import a greater portion of its water, and imported water is about four
times as expensive as local well water. Actually, rates in Claremont are higher,
on the average about $52 per month higher, according to data from GSWC and La
Verne.

But can Claremont afford the acquisition? Won't water rates go up even more?

Claremont can afford the purchase, very likely without raising rates (or taxes).
If Claremont owns the system, users could pay rates similar to La Verne's, or
they could go on paying the current higher rates and have money to apply to the
purchase price of the system. The difference would be about $7 million per year;
that is, $52/household/month times 11,000 households times 12 months/year. There
would also be other savings (as there are in La Verne). With this money, the
city could pay off a 30-year water bond worth about $150 million without raising
taxes or rates.

But will the system cost more than $150 million? In 2005, GSWC was negotiating
with the city for a total of $88 million for both infrastructure and water
rights; $150 million almost doubles that amount in nine years, which seems like
a high enough business return.

GSWC has shown they would like to mislead us. Water is a resource we cannot do
without. It should be under public control.

Sally Seven and Betsey Coffman are co-presidents of the League of Women Voters
of the Claremont Area.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
