
                              1 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 25, 2012 Tuesday

BRIEF: FSA guaranteed loan program increases loan limits

BYLINE: Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 177 words


Sept. 25--With its 2013 fiscal year beginning Tuesday, Farm Service Agency
officials announced that its guaranteed farm ownership funds are expected to be
available in early October.

Farm Service Agency guaranteed loans allow lenders to provide agricultural
credit to farmers who do not meet the lender's normal underwriting criteria.
Farmers and ranchers apply for a guaranteed loan through a commercial lender,
and the lender arranges for the guarantee.

The FSA can guarantee up to 95 percent of the loss of principal and interest on
a loan. Guaranteed loans can be used for both farm ownership and operating
purposes.

According to Colorado FSA officials, the guaranteed loan limit will increase to
$1,302,000 starting on Tuesday. The current guaranteed loan limit is $1,214,000.

For more information regarding guaranteed farm loans, visit www.fsa.usda.gov, or
call the Weld County FSA at (970) 356-8097 ext. 2.

___ (c)2012 Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune (Greeley,
Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120925-GY-BRF-FSA-guaranteed-loan-program-increases-loan
-limits-20120925

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2012 Greeley Tribune


                              2 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 13, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Guaranteed Loan Program

LENGTH: 227  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 FSA guaranteed loans allow lenders to provide agricultural credit to farmers
who do not meet the lender's normal underwriting criteria. Farmers and ranchers
apply for a guaranteed loan through a lender, and the lender arranges for the
guarantee. FSA can guarantee up to 95 percent of the loss of principal and
interest on a loan. Guaranteed loans can be used for both farm ownership and
operating purposes.





 Guaranteed farm ownership loans can be used to purchase farmland, construct or
repair buildings, develop farmland to promote soil and water conservation or to
refinance debt.



 Guaranteed operating loans can be used to purchase livestock, farm equipment,
feed, seed, fuel, farm chemicals, insurance and other operating expenses.



 FSA can guarantee farm ownership and operating loans up to $1,399,000.
Repayment terms vary depending on the type of loan, collateral and the
producer's ability to repay the loan. Operating loans are normally repaid within
seven years and farm ownership loans are not to exceed 40 years.



 Please contact your lender or local FSA farm loan office for more information
on guaranteed loans.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              3 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 14, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Guaranteed Loan Program

LENGTH: 211  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 FSA guaranteed loans allow lenders to provide agricultural credit to farmers
who do not meet the lender's normal underwriting criteria. Farmers and ranchers
apply for a guaranteed loan through a lender, and the lender arranges for the
guarantee. FSA can guarantee up to 95 percent of the loss of principal and
interest on a loan. Guaranteed loans can be used for both farm ownership and
operating purposes.





 Guaranteed farm ownership loans can be used to purchase farmland, construct or
repair buildings, develop farmland to promote soil and water conservation or to
refinance debt.



 Guaranteed operating loans can be used to purchase livestock, farm equipment,
feed, seed, fuel, farm chemicals, insurance and other operating expenses.



 FSA can guarantee farm ownership and operating loans up to $1,399,000.
Repayment terms vary depending on the type of loan, collateral and the
producer's ability to repay the loan. Operating loans are normally repaid within
seven years and farm ownership loans are not to exceed 40 years.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              4 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Pocahontas Times

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 3, 2009

FSA offers loans to farmers

BYLINE: The Pocahontas Times staff

LENGTH: 568  words


Farmers having difficulty obtaining credit from commercial sources in their area
may be eligible to obtain a farm loan from their local Farm Service Agency (FSA)
office. FSA works with its borrowers to identify physical and financial
weaknesses in their farm business that inhibits them from qualifying for
commercial loans by providing supervised credit. The Agency loans require a
minimum of a 100% or greater security margin and can only be approved for those
who demonstrate repayment ability.

Loans available from FSA include direct and guaranteed program loan funds. Both
programs offer loans for the purchase of real estate, known as Farm Ownership
(FO) loans, and operating needs, known as Operating Loans (OL). All direct farm
loans have flexible repayment terms. The maximum that may be borrowed for each
type of direct FSA loan is $300,000.

Guaranteed loans are made through a farmer's local bank FSA may offer up to a
90"% guarantee to the bank foi making a loan to a farmei who does not meet their
commercial lending standards The bank lender processes and services the loan.
The rates and terms of the loan are dependent upon the local lender
requirements. In some cases, interest assistance is available for farm operating
loans guaranteed by FSA Guaranteed FO loan funds may be used for the purchase of
real estate and/or the restructuring of farm debt, Guaranteed farm operating
loans may be used to purchase livestock, equipment and provide capital for other
farm operating needs.

If a farmer does not qualify for a guaranteed loan from their local lender, FSA
has direct loans they may be qualified to receive. Farm Ownership (FO) loans may
be used to purchase real estate and to make significant real estate improvements
to farm buildings and dwellings. Direct FO loans may be financed up to 40 years.
A deed of trust is required.

Direct farm operating loan funds may be used to purchase livestock and
machinery, annual operating needs, and minor real estate improvements (fencing
and building repairs, etc). This type of loan may be financed up to seven years
for uses other than annual operating purposes. Annual operating needs such as
crop expenses and stocker livestock can be financed up to one year. Current
operating loan interest rates for the month of September 2009 is 3.125%. In
certain circumstances, a real estate deed of trust may be required.

The Farm Service Agency also has funds available to rural youth who are members
of 4-H or FFA, in the form of farm operating youth loans. These funds may be
used to purchase stocker or breeding livestock, equipment or other needs for
their 4-H or FFA enterprise completion. Applicants must be between the ages of
10 and 21, have an advisor for their project, and obtain parental consent to
obtain the loan in order to be eligible. A loan limit of $5000 may be financed
up to seven years depending on the project. FSA also offers special funding for
Beginning Farmers and Socially Disadvantaged applicants.

Interested parties should contact their local FSA office or the Greenbrier
County FSA Farm Loan Division at (304)645-6172 ext 2 for more information and an
application packet.

USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer and lender. To file a complaint
of discrimination, write: USDA, Director, Office of Civil Rights, 1400
Independence Avenue, SW, Washington, DC 20250-9410 or call (800)
795-3272(voice), or (202) 720-6382 (TDD)

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PCH

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2009 The Pocahontas Times


                              5 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 March 5, 1990

Ausman Nominated to Head FmHA

SECTION: Pg. 22

LENGTH: 926 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The administrator of an agency should execute faithfully any legislative mandate
that is enacted through Congress, even if the Administration is unhappy with
parts of the law, La Verne Ausman told the Senate Agriculture Committee this
week.

The question of faithful execution is an important one because Mr. Ausman is the
Administration's choice to head the Farmers Home Administration.

Congress and the Administration are at odds over FmHA priorities.

"I came out of the legislative side.  I respect the system.  I respect how it
works," said Mr. Ausman, who worked for Rep. Steve Gunderson in 1981 and served
in the Wisconsin legislature from 1974 to 1978.

Sen. Kent Conrad, D., N.D., chairman of the subcommittee on agricultural credit
and a proponent of direct FmHA lending, questioned Mr. Ausman about the
Administration's proposal to phase out direct FmHA lending in favor of
guaranteed loans made through commercial lenders.

Mr. Ausman replied that he supports the transition to guaranteed lending, though
he did not rule out Administration support for continuing the direct lending
program.

He noted that the Administration included funds for direct lending in its 1991
budget proposal.

Sen. Conrad said the Administration proposal included only about half as much
money for direct lending as will be spent this year.

Mr. Conrad said that requiring FmHA borrowers to graduate to unsubsidized
commercial credit within a specified number of years could force some farmers
off the land.

He said that if borrowers had faced an FmHA time limit during the farm crisis
and drought years of the 1980s, many may have lost their farms because they
lacked access to commercial credit at terms they could afford.

"We might have issued them an economic death sentence.  Agriculture in our
history has never been able to sustain a prolonged period of high interest
rates.  And we have now been through a decade of record high real interest
rates," Mr. Conrad said, adding that borrowers would not have built up a great
deal of equity before they would be required to make the transition to
commercial borrowing.

Mr. Ausman said that legislative action could be taken, through disaster
legislation or new credit legislation, if it appears that the graduation to
commercial credit cannot be accomplished by a large segment of borrowers during
the time allotted for reasons beyond their control.

Mr. Ausman said that leaving existing borrowers in the FmHA system indefinitely
reduces the pool of FmHA credit available to new or beginning farmers.

An improving agricultural economy and better loan supervision should facilitate
the graduation of FmHA borrowers to guaranteed loans and the transition of
guaranteed borrowers to commercial credit, he said.

He recommended that FmHA policies be targeted to farmers in the greatest need of
credit assistance.

He said the decrease in farm values and income in the early 1980s required
lending standards that will not be needed during the long run.

"We ought not to be or develop into a major lender to a broad cross section," he
said.

He acknowledged that drought and adjustments in the agricultural economy during
the 1980s had hindered the transition to guaranteed borrowing.

Currently most guaranteed loans have been provided to borrowers who were
previously receiving commercial credit.

He said a trend toward greater participation in guaranteed lending is
developing.

Sen. Conrad cited a report from the Office of the Inspector General concluding
that the guaranteed loan program is susceptible to lender abuses in its present
form.

The report recommended requiring lenders to serve a certain number of borrowers
making the transition from direct FmHA to guaranteed loans before approving a
lender's request to move an existing commercial borrower into the guarantee
program.

Mr. Ausman said requirements placed on individual lenders may not be workable
because of different economic circumstances faced in different regions of the
country.

Mr. Ausman said the FmHA is making changes that will provide a greater incentive
for commercial lenders to make guaranteed loans.

Under the Administration plan, lenders will no longer have to match the interest
rate buydown in order for a loan to receive interest rate assistance.

The nomination comes at the heels of a General Accounting Office report on FmHA
lending that points to weaknesses in the use of loan guarantees to serve new
borrowers.

The GAO found that in 1988, 30% of FmHA farm loans were used to refinance
existing debt.

Direct and guaranteed farm loan funds totaled $ 2.2 billion in 1988.

In the direct farm ownership loan program, 43% of the loans were used to
refinance debt.

Eight percent of the direct farm operating funds were earmarked for refinancing
debt.

Guaranteed loans were used primarily to help existing commercial borrowers
refinance debt in 1988, the GAO concluded.

Sixty-nine percent of the guaranteed farm ownership funds and 55% of the
guaranteed farm operating funds were used for refinancing existing debt, the GAO
estimated.

When direct and guaranteed farm ownership funds are combined, 63% of the funds
were used to refinance existing debt.

Twenty one percent of the combined direct and guaranteed farm operating funds
were used to refinance existing debt.

While Mr. Ausman and Sen. Conrad shared differing philosophies about what the
FmHA's lending priorities should be, he senator said that reasonable people
differ over the issue.

He said the confirmation process would be expedited.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, La Verne Ausman, left, nominee for the Farmers Home
Administration, testifies before the Senate Committee on Agriculture.  Shown on
the right is Sen. Robert Kasten, R., Wis.

                   Copyright 1990 National Thrift News, Inc.


                              6 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 30, 2015 Monday

Washington: USDA Grants Standard Eligible Lender Status to North Brookfield
Savings Bank

LENGTH: 485  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:
USDA Massachusetts Farm Service Agency (FSA) Executive Director Jon Niedzielski
announced that North Brookfield Savings Bank (NBSB) was granted Standard
Eligible Lender status for the Farm Service Agency (FSA) guaranteed farm loan
program in Worcester and Hampshire Counties in Massachusetts.

Niedzielski congratulated NBSB for its interest in expanding credit
opportunities for farmers in Worcester and Hampshire Counties through FSA's
guaranteed loan program.

"FSA is excited to partner with North Brookfield Savings Bank in meeting the
credit needs of family farms in central and western Massachusetts," said
Niedzielski. "FSA loan guarantees will help NBSB mitigate risk when lending to
borrowers who don't yet fully meet commercial lender underwriting standards.
Working together, we can help ensure that every agricultural borrower has the
opportunity to grow and be successful."

"We look forward to working with the farmers and their families in Worcester and
Hampshire counties. North Brookfield Savings Bank is constantly looking for
opportunities to serve the financial needs of our customers. The FSA guarantee
program will enable the bank to provide financing to a segment of our community
that provides a vital service," stated Anthony J. Piermarini, Senior Vice
President.

The Standard Eligible Lender (SEL) program is designed for lenders who have
experience in making and servicing farm loans, but who have little or no
previous experience with FSA guaranteed loans. SEL status is granted for the
purpose of allowing lenders to make and service these loans.

FSA guaranteed loans allow lenders to provide agricultural credit to farmers who
do not meet the lender's normal underwriting criteria. Agricultural producers
apply for a guaranteed loan through a lender, and the lender arranges for the
guarantee. FSA can guarantee up to 95 percent of the loss of principal and
interest on a loan. Guaranteed loans can be used for both farm ownership and
operating purposes. FSA is committed to making a guaranteed loan decision within
14 days of receiving a complete application instead of the standard 30 days for
non-designated lenders.

To qualify for the SEL designation, a lender must be experienced in making and
servicing farm loans and also have the ability to manage the loan for which they
are requesting a guarantee. Lenders' losses and deficiencies in their guaranteed
loan portfolio must be at a level which indicates they can properly administer
guaranteed loans. Further, the lender is subject to credit examination and
supervision by an acceptable State of Federal regulatory agency and must
maintain an office near enough to the collateral's location so it can properly
service the loan.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              7 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 25, 2016 Monday

Washington: Hoeven, Klobuchar Introduce Capital for Farmers and Ranchers Act

LENGTH: 537  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



 Senators John Hoeven and Amy Klobuchar have introduced the Capital for Farmers
and Ranchers Act. The legislation will increase the maximum loan amount that an
individual farmer or rancher is able to receive under the Farm Service Agency's
Direct and Guaranteed Loan Programs for Farm Operating Loans and Farm Ownership
Loans. Many producers are concerned that the current maximum loan amounts do not
grant them the flexibility they need to operate in times of low commodity
prices.





 "This legislation will increase the FSA loan amounts for our farmers and
ranchers, which is really important for them now so that they can get access to
credit during these challenging times with low commodity prices," Hoeven said.
"It will help them to maintain their operations so that they can continue to
provide affordable, high quality food to the American people."



 "Farmers and ranchers strengthen rural communities and form the backbone of our
state's economy," Klobuchar said. "Our bipartisan legislation would help provide
them with the support they need to start or grow their farming operations during
tough economic times."



 The Hoeven-Klobuchar bill will help producers weather the downturn. For
example, our bill doubles the cap on Direct Operating and Direct Farm Ownership
Loans from $300,000 to $600,000. Similarly, it increases the loan cap for
Guaranteed Operating Loans and Guaranteed Farm Ownership Loans from $1,399,000
to $2,500,000.



 The farm loan programs include:



 o Direct Farm Loans - Provide loans designed to help family farmers to start,
purchase, or expand their farming operation. In many cases, these are beginning
farmers who need additional financial and business acumen to qualify for
commercial credit. These include:



     Direct Operating Loans - Used to purchase livestock, farm equipment, feed,
seed, fuel, farm chemicals, insurance, and other operating expenses. As well, it
can be used for minor improvements to buildings, costs associated with land and
water development, family living expenses, and to refinance debt in certain
circumstances.

     Direct Farm Ownership Loans - Used to purchase farmland, construct or
repair buildings and other fixtures, develop farmland to promote soil and water
conservation, and to refinance debt.



 o Guaranteed Farm Loans - Provide lenders (commercial banks, small and
community banks, Farm Credit System, credit unions) with a guarantee of up to 95
percent of the loss of principal and interest on a loan. These include:



      Guaranteed Operating Loans - Used to purchase livestock, farm equipment,
feed, seed, fuel, farm chemicals, insurance, and other operating expenses. As
well, it can be used for minor improvements to buildings, costs associated with
land and water development, family living expenses, and to refinance debt in
certain circumstances.

     Guaranteed Farm Ownership Loans - Used to purchase farmland, construct or
repair buildings and other fixtures, develop farmland to promote soil and water
conservation, and to refinance debt.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              8 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Tri-County News (Kimball, Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 12, 2012

USDA offers farm loans for socially disadvantaged groups

BYLINE: Tri-County News staff

LENGTH: 457  words


Stearns County USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) Farm Loan Manager Jerry Hurrle
reminds producers that FSA offers specially-targeted farm ownership and farm
operating loans to Socially Disadvantaged (SDA) applicants.

"FSA targets a portion of its loan funds each year to socially disadvantaged
farmers and ranchers," said Hurrle. "Farming and ranching is a capital intensive
business and FSA is committed to helping producers start and maintain their
agricultural operations."

In fiscal year 2011, Minnesota FSA obligated $6.3 million in direct and
guaranteed loans to socially disadvantaged producers.

USDA defines socially disadvantaged applicants as a group whose members have
been subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender prejudice because of their identity
as members of the group without regard to their individual qualities. For farm
loan program purposes, SDA groups are women, African Americans, American Indians
and Alaskan Natives, His-panics and Asians and Pacific Islanders.

SDA producers who cannot obtain commercial credit from a bank can apply for
either FSA direct loans or guaranteed loans. Direct loans are made to applicants
by FSA. Guaranteed loans are made by lending institutions who arrange for FSA to
guarantee the loan. FSA can guarantee up to 95 percent of the loss of principal
and interest on a loan. The FSA guarantee allows lenders to make agricultural
credit available to producers who do not meet the lender's normal underwriting
criteria.

The direct and guaranteed loan program offers two types of loans: farm ownership
loans and farm operating loans.

Farm ownership loan funds may be used to purchase or enlarge a farm or ranch,
purchase easements or rights of way needed in the farm's operation, build or
improve buildings such as a dwelling or barn, promote soil and water
conservation and development and pay closing costs.

Farm operating loan funds may be used to purchase livestock, poultry, farm
equipment, fertilizer, and other materials necessary to operate a successful
farm. Operating Loan funds can also be used for family living expenses,
refinancing debts under certain conditions, paying salaries for hired farm
laborers, installing or improving water systems for home, livestock, or
irrigation use and other similar improvements.

Repayment terms for direct operating loans depend on the collateral securing the
loan and usually run from one to seven years. Financing for direct farm
ownership loans cannot exceed 40 years. Interest rates for direct loans are set
periodically according to the Government's cost of borrowing. Guaranteed loan
terms and interest rates are set by the lender.

For more information on FSA's farm loan programs, please contact your farm loan
Service Center at (320) 251-7800, Ext. 2.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TCO

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2012 Tri-County News


                              9 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Monroe County Appeal (Paris, Missouri)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 12, 2012

USDA offers farm loans for socially disadvantaged groups

BYLINE: Monroe County Appeal staff

LENGTH: 461  words


Monroe, Marion, Shelby and Ralls County USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) Farm Loan
Manager Robert A. Noellsch reminds producers that FSA offers specially-targeted
farm ownership and farm operating loans to Socially Disadvantaged (SDA)
applicants.

"FSA targets a portion of its loan funds each year to socially disadvantaged
farmers and ranchers," said Noellsch. "Farming and ranching is a capital
intensive business and FSA is committed to helping producers start and maintain
their agricultural operations."

In fiscal year 2011, Missouri FSA obligated $17 million in direct and guaranteed
loans to socially disadvantaged producers.

USDA defines socially disadvantaged applicants as a group whose members have
been subjected to racial, ethnic or gender prejudice because of their identity
as members of the group without regard to their individual qualities. For farm
loan program purposes, SDA groups are women, African Americans, American Indians
and Alaskan Natives, Hispanics and Asians and Pacific Islanders.

SDA producers who cannot obtain commercial credit from a bank can apply for
either FSA direct loans or guaranteed loans. Direct loans are made to applicants
by FSA. Guaranteed loans are made by lending institutions who arrange for FSA to
guarantee the loan. FSA can guarantee up to 95 percent of the loss of principal
and interest on a loan. The FSA guarantee allows lenders to make agricultural
credit available to producers who do not meet the lender's normal under-writing
criteria.

The direct and guaranteed loan program offers two types of loans: farm ownership
loans and farm operating loans.

Farm ownership loan funds may be used to purchase or enlarge a farm or ranch,
purchase easements or rights of way needed in the farm's operation, build or
improve buildings such as a dwelling or barn, promote soil and water
conservation and development and pay closing costs.

Farm operating loan funds may be used to purchase livestock, poultry, farm
equipment, fertilizer and other materials necessary to operate a successful farm
. Operating loan funds can also be used for family living expenses, refinancing
debts under certain conditions, paying salaries for hired farm laborers,
installing or improving water systems for home, livestock, or irrigation use and
other similar improvements.

Repayment terms for direct operating loans depend on the collateral securing the
loan and usually run from one to seven years. Financing for direct farm
ownership loans carmot exceed 40 years. Interest rates for direct loans are set
periodically according to the Government's cost of borrowing. Guaranteed loan
terms and interest rates are set by the lender,

For more information on FSA's farm loan programs, please contact your farm loan
Service Center at (660) 327-4137.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCA

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2012 Monroe County Appeal


                              10 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 30, 2015 Monday

Washington: USDA Grants Standard Eligible Lender Status to North Brookfield
Savings Bank

LENGTH: 485  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:
USDA Massachusetts Farm Service Agency (FSA) Executive Director Jon Niedzielski
announced that North Brookfield Savings Bank (NBSB) was granted Standard
Eligible Lender status for the Farm Service Agency (FSA) guaranteed farm loan
program in Worcester and Hampshire Counties in Massachusetts.

Niedzielski congratulated NBSB for its interest in expanding credit
opportunities for farmers in Worcester and Hampshire Counties through FSA's
guaranteed loan program.

"FSA is excited to partner with North Brookfield Savings Bank in meeting the
credit needs of family farms in central and western Massachusetts," said
Niedzielski. "FSA loan guarantees will help NBSB mitigate risk when lending to
borrowers who don't yet fully meet commercial lender underwriting standards.
Working together, we can help ensure that every agricultural borrower has the
opportunity to grow and be successful."

"We look forward to working with the farmers and their families in Worcester and
Hampshire counties. North Brookfield Savings Bank is constantly looking for
opportunities to serve the financial needs of our customers. The FSA guarantee
program will enable the bank to provide financing to a segment of our community
that provides a vital service," stated Anthony J. Piermarini, Senior Vice
President.

The Standard Eligible Lender (SEL) program is designed for lenders who have
experience in making and servicing farm loans, but who have little or no
previous experience with FSA guaranteed loans. SEL status is granted for the
purpose of allowing lenders to make and service these loans.

FSA guaranteed loans allow lenders to provide agricultural credit to farmers who
do not meet the lender's normal underwriting criteria. Agricultural producers
apply for a guaranteed loan through a lender, and the lender arranges for the
guarantee. FSA can guarantee up to 95 percent of the loss of principal and
interest on a loan. Guaranteed loans can be used for both farm ownership and
operating purposes. FSA is committed to making a guaranteed loan decision within
14 days of receiving a complete application instead of the standard 30 days for
non-designated lenders.

To qualify for the SEL designation, a lender must be experienced in making and
servicing farm loans and also have the ability to manage the loan for which they
are requesting a guarantee. Lenders' losses and deficiencies in their guaranteed
loan portfolio must be at a level which indicates they can properly administer
guaranteed loans. Further, the lender is subject to credit examination and
supervision by an acceptable State of Federal regulatory agency and must
maintain an office near enough to the collateral's location so it can properly
service the loan.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 17, 2011 Saturday

Guaranteed loan limit increased

BYLINE: Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 250 words


Dec. 17--SPRINGFIELD -- The loan limit for the Guaranteed Loan Program will
increase to $1,214,000. The limit is adjusted annually, based on the Prices Paid
to Farmers Index, compiled by the National Agricultural Statistics Service.

Another change to the guaranteed loan program will affect the one-time loan
guarantee fee charged on all FSA loans obligated after Oct. 1. The one-time loan
guarantee fee will increase from 1 percent to 1.5 percent of the guaranteed
portion of the loan.

FSA guaranteed loans allow lenders to provide agricultural credit to farmers who
do not meet the lender's normal underwriting criteria. Farmers and ranchers
apply for a guaranteed loan through a commercial lender, and the lender arranges
for the guarantee. FSA can guaranteed up to 95 percent of the loss of principal
and interest on the loan. Guaranteed loans can be used for both farm ownership
and operating purposes.

Producers who are unable to obtain financing through a commercial lender,
including a guaranteed loan, could be eligible for an FSA direct loan. These
loans are made by the FSA with government funds and the limit is $300,000,
except for emergency loans which have a limit of $500,000. The maximum combined
guaranteed and direct farm loan indebtedness is now $1,514,000.

For more information on FSA's farm loan programs, call 217-241-6600, ext. 219.

___ (c)2011 the Daily Gazette (Sterling, Ill.) Visit the Daily Gazette
(Sterling, Ill.) at www.saukvalley.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111217-YG-Guaranteed-loan-limit-increased-1217-20111217

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2011 Daily Gazette


                              12 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Watertown Daily Times (New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 4, 2009 Thursday

FSA fund runs out of money for farmers

BYLINE: Nancy Madsen, Watertown Daily Times, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 524 words


Jun. 4--If farms haven't already closed on loans from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Farm Service Agency, they may be out of luck.

The agency's direct operating loan program ran out of money March 27.

"In my 20 years, I don't remember it running out this early," said Christy L.
Marshall, farm loan chief at the Farm Service Agency office in Syracuse.
Instead, it would usually last well into the summer. "I still had a whole slew
of applications in the pipeline with no decisions made," Ms. Marshall said.

Farmers can receive up to $300,000 in direct operating loans and up to
$1,094,000 in loans guaranteed by FSA but disbursed by commercial lenders. Ms.
Marshall said guaranteed loans are processed by the national office and they are
still being funded.

"There's still a lot of applications in the pipeline," she said. "I'm not sure
where the funding will go."

New York received $2.4 million in stimulus money for direct operating loans, but
that's already been given to farms. Nationally, she said, that program's use has
increased by 76 percent.

Of the $65.9 million that has come to New York since October in all programs,
Northern New York counties have ranked No. 1 and No. 2 in the amount received.

In St. Lawrence County, 29 farms received $6,222,700 in direct and guaranteed
loans -- the highest dollar amount and number of farms involved by county in the
state. Seventeen farms in Jefferson County had $4,231,300 in direct and
guaranteed loans -- the second-highest amount.

Several other counties, including Steuben and Washington, had 20 or more farms'
requests fulfilled. Lewis County had six loans funded for $514,500 in direct and
guaranteed loans.

The $2.4 million in stimulus money funded only direct operating loans. No north
country farms received this funding. "There were no loan requests from Jefferson
or St. Lawrence counties for direct operating loans," Ms. Marshall said.

Since October, the beginning of the FSA's fiscal year, New York farmers have
submitted significantly more requests for loan support and received more in
loans than in previous years.

Applications for direct and guaranteed loans increased about 40 percent over
last year. The total number of applications for October through May was 769 this
year, 542 in 2007-08 and 652 in 2006-07.

In 2008-09, the state had $20.6 million in direct loans, including $2.4 million
of stimulus money. In 2007-08, the state received $14.9 million in direct
operating loan money and in 2006-07, it had $17.1 million in direct operating
loans.

Farms that had direct loans approved, but haven't seen the money, will sit on a
waiting list until the next fiscal year begins in October or Congress passes a
supplemental funding bill for the program.

To see more of the Watertown Daily Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.watertowndailytimes.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Watertown Daily
Times, N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090604-WE-FSA-FUND-20090604

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WE


                      Copyright 2009 Watertown Daily Times


                              13 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           October 29, 2015 Thursday

Farm loans available

LENGTH: 301 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


- Maine State USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) State Executive Director Don Todd
III reminds producers that the FSA offers specially targeted farm ownership and
farm operating loans to targeted underserved groups.


"Farming and ranching is a capital-intensive business and FSA is committed to
helping producers start and maintain their agricultural operations," said Todd.
In fiscal year 2015, Maine FSA obligated $4.47 million in direct and guaranteed
loans to targeted underserved farmers.


FSA defines targeted underserved as those who have not operated a farm or ranch
for more than 10 years, do not own a farm or ranch greater than 30 percent of
the average size farm in the county if applying for a farm ownership loan, and
who substantially participate in the operation of the farm. Targeted underserved
may also include those subjected to prejudice.


Targeted underserved producers who may not be able to obtain commercial credit
from a bank can apply for either FSA direct loans or guaranteed loans. Direct
loans are made to applicants by FSA. Guaranteed loans are made by lending
institutions who arrange for FSA to guarantee the loan.


The direct and guaranteed loan program offers farm ownership loans and farm
operating loans.


Farm ownership loan funds may be used to purchase or enlarge a farm or ranch,
purchase easements or rights of way needed in the farm's operation, build or
improve buildings, promote soil and water conservation and development and pay
closing costs.


Farm operating loan funds may be used to purchase livestock, poultry, farm
equipment, fertilizer, and other materials necessary to operate a successful
farm, and also living expenses, refinancing debts, salaries for laborers,
installing or improving water systems for home, livestock, or irrigation use,
and similar improvements.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                              14 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           October 29, 2015 Thursday

Farm loans available

LENGTH: 301 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


- Maine State USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) State Executive Director Don Todd
III reminds producers that the FSA offers specially targeted farm ownership and
farm operating loans to targeted underserved groups.


"Farming and ranching is a capital-intensive business and FSA is committed to
helping producers start and maintain their agricultural operations," said Todd.
In fiscal year 2015, Maine FSA obligated $4.47 million in direct and guaranteed
loans to targeted underserved farmers.


FSA defines targeted underserved as those who have not operated a farm or ranch
for more than 10 years, do not own a farm or ranch greater than 30 percent of
the average size farm in the county if applying for a farm ownership loan, and
who substantially participate in the operation of the farm. Targeted underserved
may also include those subjected to prejudice.


Targeted underserved producers who may not be able to obtain commercial credit
from a bank can apply for either FSA direct loans or guaranteed loans. Direct
loans are made to applicants by FSA. Guaranteed loans are made by lending
institutions who arrange for FSA to guarantee the loan.


The direct and guaranteed loan program offers farm ownership loans and farm
operating loans.


Farm ownership loan funds may be used to purchase or enlarge a farm or ranch,
purchase easements or rights of way needed in the farm's operation, build or
improve buildings, promote soil and water conservation and development and pay
closing costs.


Farm operating loan funds may be used to purchase livestock, poultry, farm
equipment, fertilizer, and other materials necessary to operate a successful
farm, and also living expenses, refinancing debts, salaries for laborers,
installing or improving water systems for home, livestock, or irrigation use,
and similar improvements.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                              15 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           October 29, 2015 Thursday

Farm loans available

LENGTH: 301 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


- Maine State USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) State Executive Director Don Todd
III reminds producers that the FSA offers specially targeted farm ownership and
farm operating loans to targeted underserved groups.


"Farming and ranching is a capital-intensive business and FSA is committed to
helping producers start and maintain their agricultural operations," said Todd.
In fiscal year 2015, Maine FSA obligated $4.47 million in direct and guaranteed
loans to targeted underserved farmers.


FSA defines targeted underserved as those who have not operated a farm or ranch
for more than 10 years, do not own a farm or ranch greater than 30 percent of
the average size farm in the county if applying for a farm ownership loan, and
who substantially participate in the operation of the farm. Targeted underserved
may also include those subjected to prejudice.


Targeted underserved producers who may not be able to obtain commercial credit
from a bank can apply for either FSA direct loans or guaranteed loans. Direct
loans are made to applicants by FSA. Guaranteed loans are made by lending
institutions who arrange for FSA to guarantee the loan.


The direct and guaranteed loan program offers farm ownership loans and farm
operating loans.


Farm ownership loan funds may be used to purchase or enlarge a farm or ranch,
purchase easements or rights of way needed in the farm's operation, build or
improve buildings, promote soil and water conservation and development and pay
closing costs.


Farm operating loan funds may be used to purchase livestock, poultry, farm
equipment, fertilizer, and other materials necessary to operate a successful
farm, and also living expenses, refinancing debts, salaries for laborers,
installing or improving water systems for home, livestock, or irrigation use,
and similar improvements.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                              16 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           October 29, 2015 Thursday

Farm loans available

LENGTH: 301 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


- Maine State USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) State Executive Director Don Todd
III reminds producers that the FSA offers specially targeted farm ownership and
farm operating loans to targeted underserved groups.


"Farming and ranching is a capital-intensive business and FSA is committed to
helping producers start and maintain their agricultural operations," said Todd.
In fiscal year 2015, Maine FSA obligated $4.47 million in direct and guaranteed
loans to targeted underserved farmers.


FSA defines targeted underserved as those who have not operated a farm or ranch
for more than 10 years, do not own a farm or ranch greater than 30 percent of
the average size farm in the county if applying for a farm ownership loan, and
who substantially participate in the operation of the farm. Targeted underserved
may also include those subjected to prejudice.


Targeted underserved producers who may not be able to obtain commercial credit
from a bank can apply for either FSA direct loans or guaranteed loans. Direct
loans are made to applicants by FSA. Guaranteed loans are made by lending
institutions who arrange for FSA to guarantee the loan.


The direct and guaranteed loan program offers farm ownership loans and farm
operating loans.


Farm ownership loan funds may be used to purchase or enlarge a farm or ranch,
purchase easements or rights of way needed in the farm's operation, build or
improve buildings, promote soil and water conservation and development and pay
closing costs.


Farm operating loan funds may be used to purchase livestock, poultry, farm
equipment, fertilizer, and other materials necessary to operate a successful
farm, and also living expenses, refinancing debts, salaries for laborers,
installing or improving water systems for home, livestock, or irrigation use,
and similar improvements.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                              17 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Moultrie Observer (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 15, 2011 Tuesday

FSA targets funds for socially disadvantaged farmers

BYLINE: The Moultrie Observer, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 378 words


Nov. 15--ATHENS, Ga. -- The Georgia State Farm Service Agency (FSA) announced
the availability of direct and guaranteed loan funds for Socially Disadvantaged
(SDA) individuals who want to purchase or operate a family-size farm in fiscal
year 2012.

In Fiscal Year 2011, which ended September 30, 2011, Georgia Farm Loan Programs
made 178 direct and guaranteed SDA loans totaling more than $26.27 million.

"The special financing is for people who have been subjected to racial, ethnic
or gender inequality without regard to their individual qualities. SDA members
include women, African Americans, American Indians, Hispanic, Asian and Pacific
Islanders and Alaskan Natives," said Hobby Stripling, state executive director
of the Georgia Farm Service Agency.

The SDA program provides direct and guaranteed assistance in the form of farm
operating and farm ownership loans. Direct loans are made to applicants from
FSA. Guaranteed loans are issued by lending institutions, but typically 90
percent of the loan is guaranteed by FSA.

Operating loans may be used to purchase livestock, equipment, feed, seed, and
other business related expenses. Repayment terms run from one to seven years.

Ownership loans provide capital to purchase or enlarge a farm, construct or
improve buildings, promote soil and water conservation and pay closing costs.
Direct ownership loan terms are up to 40 years.

Guaranteed loan terms are established by the lender.

Qualified candidates are provided information and assistance to develop sound
management practices, analyze problems and utilize available resources essential
for successful farming operations to cope with the changing agricultural
environment.

SDA loan applicants do not receive automatic approval. Individuals must be U.S.
citizens with a satisfactory history of meeting credit obligations; have
sufficient education, training or experience managing or operating a farm;
possess legal capacity to incur debt; be unable to obtain credit elsewhere; and
meet certain other eligibility requirements.

For more information, contact the Colquitt County FSA office at 985-6509 ext. 2.

___ (c)2011 The Moultrie Observer (Moultrie, Ga.) Visit The Moultrie Observer
(Moultrie, Ga.) at www.moultrieobserver.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20111115-GJ-FSA-targets-funds-for-socially-disadvantaged-farmers-1115-20111115

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GJ


                      Copyright 2011 The Moultrie Observer


                              18 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            February 13, 2006 Monday

Farm Service Loan Program Facing SBA-Style Changes

BYLINE: Ben Jackson

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 1 Vol. 171 No. 29

LENGTH: 706  words


The Bush administration wants the Department of Agriculture to follow the

Small Business Administration's lead in funding its guaranteed loan programs.

The USDA's proposed fiscal 2007 budget calls for a reduction in funding

for guaranteed loans made through the Farm Service Agency and an offsetting

increase in fees on such loans. The loan guarantees cover up to 95% of any

loss of principal and interest a lender might experience on a farm loan.

A similar fee increase implemented in 2004 has not seemed to hurt the

SBA's guaranteed lending program. It guaranteed a record $18.9 billion in the

fiscal year that ended Sept. 30.

But Robert E. Finney, the chairman and chief executive officer of the $72

million-asset Muleshoe State Bank in Texas, said the hard-pressed farmers who

seek Farm Service Agency loans can ill-afford the added costs.

"This is a budget maneuver promulgated by some bureaucrat in Washington

who has no idea of what the program is really for," he said.

According to Mr. Finney, Farm Service Agency loans are not intended for

prosperous, veteran agricultural producers. Rather, banks use guaranteed farm

loans to help farmers who have run into difficulties because of droughts or

other problems beyond their control. The loans also help beginning farmers

get started.

Over all, the Farm Service Agency plans to guarantee about $3.4 billion

of loans in fiscal 2007. It is seeking a budget of $113 million to support

its lending authority, versus the $150 million it requested in fiscal 2006,

and the added fees would fill the gap.

Though Congress must approve the USDA's budget, the department can

implement the fee increase through the rulemaking process.

The maximum amount a farmer can seek under the guaranteed loan program is

$852,000. John M. Blanchfield, the director of the American Bankers

Association's Center for Agricultural and Rural Banking, estimated that the

fees, currently 90 basis points of the amount borrowed, would rise to 150

basis points for guaranteed farm ownership loans and 200 basis points for

guaranteed operating loans.

Mr. Blanchfield said one benefit of increasing fees is that the Farm

Service Agency would need less money from Congress to pay its credit costs

every year. That reduction would eliminate much of the uncertainty that

occurs when lawmakers are late in approving the budget, he said.

The same reason was touted as the chief benefit of the SBA fee hike.

In the last fiscal year the SBA did away with nearly $100 million that

was earmarked for loan losses; it made up for the lost money by doubling the

fees that lenders and borrowers paid to obtain its guarantees. Critics

predicted that increasing fees would make SBA loans too expensive for

start-up entrepreneurs, but the agency's lending activity has shown no signs

of slackening. It expects to guarantee about $28 billion in fiscal 2007.

Still, Jeff Wolfgram, a vice president at the $578 million-asset First

Dakota National Bank in Yankton, S.D., said the USDA's fee hike could lead to

banks using the Farm Service Agency program less. The hike would make

guaranteed loans more expensive to offer to customers, because banks would

need to charge more to cover the fees, and that could lead some banks to

abandon the program, he said.

First Dakota made over $9 million of guaranteed loans last year, he said.

"We use these for farmers who have suffered losses from drought or

changes in the market, things beyond their control," Mr. Wolfgram said.

Mr. Finney said the proposed increases would come at a particularly bad

time, because farmers are facing pressure from higher energy costs, which

make it more costly to buy fertilizer and to plant and harvest crops.

Mark K. Scanlan, the director of agricultural finance at the Independent

Community Bankers of America, said energy costs are not the only pressure

farmers are facing. In many parts of the country, farmers also are dealing

with droughts. Any increase in loan fees would hurt borrowers' chances of

getting loans when they need them the most.

"If you're already very tight on making the loan cash flow and you come

on and add a percentage point to their costs, you make it less workable at

the start," Mr. Scanlan said.

John Reosti contributed to this story.

http://www.americanbanker.com http://www.sourcemedia.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: a


                        Copyright 2006 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Tyler Tribute (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 3, 2013

Loans for socially disadvantaged persons

BYLINE: Tyler Tribute staff

LENGTH: 310  words


The Farm Service Agency (FSA) makes and guarantees loans to eligible socially
disadvantaged farmers (SDA) to buy and operate family-size farms. Each fiscal
year, the Agency targets a portion of its direct and guaranteed loan funds to
SDA farmers. Non-reserved funds can also be used by SDA persons. For purposes of
this program, socially disadvantaged applicants include American Indians or
Alaskan Natives, Asians, Blacks or African Americans, Native Hawaiians or other
Pacific Islanders, Hispanics and women.

With this loan program, FSA:

Helps remove barriers that prevent full participation of SDA farmers in FSA's
farm loan programs; and provides information and assistance to SDA farmers to
help them develop sound farm management practices, analyze problems, and plan
the best use of available resources essential for success.

Direct farm ownership loans and farm operating loans are made by FSA to eligible
farmers. Guaranteed farm ownership and farm operating loans are made by lending
institutions subject to Federal or State supervision (banks, savings and loans,
and units of the Farm Credit System) and guaranteed by FSA.

Farm ownership loan funds may be used to purchase or enlarge a farm or ranch,
purchase easements or rights of way needed in the farm's operation, erect or
improve buildings, implement soil and water conservation measures and pay
closing costs. Guaranteed farm ownership funds may also be used to refinance
debt.

Farm operating loan funds may be used to purchase livestock, poultry, farm
equipment, feed, seed, fuel, fertilizer, chemicals, insurance and other
operating expenses. The funds also may be used for borrower training costs,
closing costs and to reorganize and refinance debt.

In addition to loans to socially disadvantaged applicants, FSA also has loan
programs available for beginning farmers, established farmers and youth.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TYL

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2013 Tyler Tribute


                              20 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



              The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 11, 2012

FSA offering loans to socially disadvantaged applicants

BYLINE: The Lake Metigoshe Mirror staff

LENGTH: 453  words


North Dakota USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) State Executive Director Aaron
Krauter reminds producers that FSA offers specially-targeted farm ownership and
farm operating loans to Socially Disadvantaged (SDA) applicants.

"FSA targets a portion of its loan funds each year to socially disadvantaged
farmers and ranchers," said Krauter. "Farming and ranching is a capital
intensive business and FSA is committed to helping producers start and maintain
their agricultural operations."

In fiscal year 2011, North Dakota FSA obligated $7.1 million in direct and
guaranteed loans to socially disadvantaged producers.

USDA defines socially disadvantaged applicants as a group whose members have
been subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender prejudice because of their identity
as members of the group without regard to their individual qualities. For farm
loan program purposes, SDA groups are women. African Americans, American Indians
and Alaskan Natives, Hispanics and Asians and Pacific Islanders.

SDA producers who cannot obtain commercial credit from a bank can apply for
either FSA direct loans or guaranteed loans. Direct loans are made to applicants
by FSA. Guaranteed loans are made by lending institutions who arrange for FSA to
guarantee the loan. FSA can guarantee up to 95 percent of the loss of principal
and interest on a loan. The FSA guarantee allows lenders to make agricultural
credit available to producers who do not meet the lender's normal underwriting
criteria.

The direct and guaranteed loan program offers two types of loans: farm ownership
loans and farm operating loans.

Farm ownership loan funds may be used to purchase or enlarge a farm or ranch,
purchase easements or rights of way needed in the farm's operation, build or
improve buildings such as a dwelling or barn, promote soil and water
conservation and development and pay closing costs.

Farm operating loan funds may be used to purchase livestock, poultry, farm
equipment, fertilizer, and other materials necessary to operate a successful
farm. Operating Loan funds can also be used for family living expenses,
refinancing debts under certain conditions, paying salaries for hired farm
laborers, installing or improving water systems for home, livestock, or
irrigation use and other similar improvements.

Repayment terms for direct operating loans depend on the collateral securing the
loan and usually run from one to seven years. Financing for direct farm
ownership loans cannot exceed 40 years. Interest rates for direct loans are set
periodically according to the Government's cost of borrowing. Guaranteed loan
terms and interest rates are set by the lender.

For more information on FSA's farm loan programs, please contact your local FSA
office.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LMT

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
       Copyright 2012 The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)


                              21 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Moultrie Observer (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 5, 2011 Saturday

FSA targets funds for socially disadvantaged farmers

BYLINE: The Moultrie Observer, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 410 words


March 05--ATHENS, Ga. -- The Georgia State Farm Service Agency (FSA) announced
the availability of direct and guaranteed loan funds for Socially Disadvantaged
(SDA) individuals who want to purchase or operate a family-size farm in fiscal
year 2011.

In Fiscal year 2010, which ended Sept. 30, 2010, Georgia Farm Loan Programs made
220 direct and guaranteed SDA loans totaling more than $34.1 million.

"The special financing is for people who have been subjected to racial, ethnic
or gender inequality without regard to their individual qualities. SDA members
include women, African Americans, American Indians, Hispanic, Asian and Pacific
Islanders and Alaskan Natives," said Hobby Stripling, state executive director
of the Georgia Farm Service Agency.

The SDA program provides direct and guaranteed assistance in the form of farm
operating and farm ownership loans. Direct loans are made to applicants from
FSA. Guaranteed loans are issued by lending institutions, but typically 90 or 95
percent of the loan is guaranteed by FSA.

Operating loans may be used to purchase livestock, equipment, feed, seed, and
other business related expenses. Repayment terms run from one to seven years.

Ownership loans provide capital to purchase or enlarge a farm, construct or
improve buildings, promote soil and water conservation and pay closing costs.
Direct ownership loan terms are up to 40 years.

Guaranteed loan terms are established by the lender.

Qualified candidates are provided information and assistance to develop sound
management practices, analyze problems and utilize available resources essential
for successful farming operations to cope with the changing agricultural
environment. SDA loan applicants do not receive automatic approval. Individuals
must be U.S. citizens with a satisfactory history of meeting credit obligations;
have sufficient education, training or experience managing or operating a farm;
possess legal capacity to incur debt; be unable to obtain credit elsewhere; and
meet certain other eligibility requirements.

Contact your local FSA County Office or USDA Service Center for more loan
information.

To see more of The Moultrie Observer or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.moultrieobserver.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Moultrie Observer, Ga.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110305-GJ-FSA-targets-funds-for-socially-disadvantaged-farmers-0305-20110305

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GJ


                      Copyright 2011 The Moultrie Observer


                              22 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 MARCH 15, 1999

Bankers Push Congress to Allow More Guaranteed Farm Loans

BYLINE: By Ted Cornwell

LENGTH: 826 words

Washington-The Independent Bankers Association of America says that government
guaranteed farm loans are needed "to quell a crisis facing small banks that lend
to agriculture."

Earlier, the American Bankers Association made a similar plea to help preserve
the credit-worthiness of many farm and ranch borrowers, who may be in danger of
losing their ability to obtain financing and defaulting on current debt to local
banks.

In testimony to congressional panels earlier this month, top USDA officials said
that they are seeking increased spending on farm programs and increased
authority for direct farm loans and for loan guarantees, but the proposed
increases fall below the levels sought by agricultural bankers. The Clinton
administration has asked for $ 3 billion in direct and guaranteed lending
authority next year, an increase of $ 183 million from this year's level.

Keith Kelly, administrator of the USDA's Farm Service Agency, acknowledged that
farmers are facing tough economic conditions due to low commodity prices and, in
some areas, weather related disasters last year.

"Many producers faced a dramatic downturn during 1998," he said. "The economic
outlook remains serious looking into FY 2000." Hard times on the farm translate
into increased demand for direct and guaranteed loans from the Farm Service
Agency, he said.

"FSA is currently experiencing an unprecedented demand for loans and loan
guarantees, a trend which we anticipate will continue into FY 2000," Mr. Kelly
said.

Under the loan guarantee program, the government guarantees payment of principal
and interest on loans made by private sector lenders, much like the Federal
Housing Administration programs. Despite recent farm distress, the USDA says
that loan defaults are down - at least in its direct farm loan program. In 1995,
the default rate for direct loans was 23%. This year the rate is 15%.

Problems in the agricultural lending sector stem from distress in the
agricultural economy. Despite boom times for most of America, farmers and
ranchers have been plagued by weather problems and especially by low commodity
prices. Low prices for their products has diminished income for farmers in many
parts of the country.

In addition, government subsidies for agriculture have been substantially
reduced in recent years, scaling back a safety net that had propped the farm
sector up during previous hard times.

For the short term, low commodity prices make it difficult for many farmers and
ranchers to show positive cash flow. If low prices continue, the IBAA predicted
that "a significant number of borrowers will lose their farms."

Testifying before a House agriculture panel on the outlook for agricultural
credit, Dale Leighty, president of the First National Bank of Las Animas in
Colorado, said he does not see an end to the fundamental problems facing the
agricultural economy today: oversupply, low prices, and weak foreign demand.

Overall, the Clinton administration has proposed $ 3 billion in direct and
guaranteed farm lending authority next year, up $ 183 million from this year's
lending authority. But that is less than what agricultural bankers would like to
see.

The IBAA is asking Congress for actions to improve the situation, he said. The
IBAA wants an increase in government spending to "strengthen the farm safety
net." Bankers also want emergency relief for farmers and ranchers included in a
supplemental appropriations bill this spring to assist hog producers, fund farm
and ranch loan programs, protect farm income, boost exports and improve risk
management.

The IBAA is also seeking increases in farm spending when the current farm bill
expires in 2002.

And the IBAA wants Congress to adopt Federal Home Loan Bank reform provisions to
help farmers and rural lenders "address a growing liquidity problem in rural
America."

Mr. Leighty also asked Congress to make changes to the Farm Service Agency's
guaranteed loan regulations.

The IBAA wants Congress to allow small agricultural lenders to qualify for the
Preferred Lender Program category based on the quality of their overall loan
portfolio and historical loan losses rather than on volume. The bankers also
want to reduce the 110% cash flow requirement on new loans to 100%, the same as
for loan servicing options.

The IBAA also wants Congress to raise the maximum loan amount under its "low
documentation" program from $ 50,000 to $ 100,000.

"Quick congressional action on these initiatives would alleviate growing
uncertainty by family farmers and their lenders in the countryside over falling
farm income and will ensure speedy delivery of much needed credit to financially
stressed farm families," Mr. Leighty said.

USDA Loans at a Glance

* Applications for guaranteed farm ownership loans are up 28%

* Applications for guaranteed farm operating loans are up 56%

Source: USDA

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1999 Faulkner & Gray


                              23 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Florala News (Alabama)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 25, 2012

FSA targets funds for socially disadvantaged farmers

BYLINE: The Florala News staff

LENGTH: 443  words


USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA) in Alabama has new funds available for Socially
Disadvantaged Applicants (SDA) who want to purchase or operate a family-size
farm.

In fiscal year 2011, which ended September 30, 2011, Alabama FSA made 112 SDA
loans totaling $3.7 million, and guaranteed 23 SDA loans totaling more than
$10.4 million. Alabama FSA has six farm loan teams located in Coffee, DeKalb,
Elmore, Lawrence, Monroe and Tuscaloosa counties. SDA farmers serviced by the
Coffee County FSA farm loan team benefited from $782,000.00 in farm loans
disbursed in Fiscal Year 2011. The Coffee County FSA farm loan team serves
Barbour, Bullock, Butler, Coffee, Conecuh, Covington, Crenshaw, Dale, Escambia,
Geneva, Henry, Houston and Pike counties.

"An SDA farmer, rancher or agricultural producer is one of a group whose members
have been subjected to racial, ethnic or gender inequality without regard to
their individual qualities. SDA members include women, African Americans,
American Indians, Hispan-ics, Asian Americans, Pacific Islanders and Alaskan
Natives," said John H. Dor-rill, III, Farm Loan Manager for the Coffee County
FSA farm loan team.

The SDA program provides direct and guaranteed assistance in the form of farm
operating and farm ownership loans. Direct loans are made by FSA. Guaranteed
loans are issued by lending institutions; however, typically 90 percent of the
loan is guaranteed by FSA.

Operating loans may be used to purchase livestock, equipment, feed, seed and
other business related expenses. Repayment terms run from one to seven years.

Ownership loans provide capital to purchase or enlarge a farm, construct or
improve buildings, promote soil and water conservation and pay closing costs.
Direct ownership loan terms are up to 40 years. Guaranteed loan terms are
established by the lender.

Qualified candidates are provided information and assistance to develop sound
management practices, analyze problems and utilize available resources essential
for successful farming operations to cope with the changing agricultural
environment.

SDA loan applicants do not receive automatic approval. Individuals must be U.S.
citizens with a satisfactory history of meeting credit obligations; have
significant education, training or experience managing or operating a farm;
possess legal capacity to incur debt; and be unable to obtain credit elsewhere.

Special loan funds are also available for beginning farmers and ranchers.

Contact the Coffee County FSA farm loan team at 334-894-5581 Ext. 4 or the local
FSA Service Center Office for more information. Local offices are found under
the blue or government pages of local telephone directories.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FLR

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2012 The Florala News


                              24 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 4, 2012 Tuesday

BRIEF: Funds for Guaranteed Conservation Loans now available

BYLINE: Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 205 words


Dec. 04--Funds are now available for Guaranteed Conservation Loans, Farm Service
Agency State Executive Director Trudy Kareus announced recently.

Conservation loans allow farmers and ranchers to implement conservation
practices on their land that will help protect natural resources.

"Guaranteed Conservation Loans are a useful alternative to help operators
implement any Natural Resources Conservation Service approved conservation
practice including, waste management systems, conservation structures or water
conservation measures," Kareus said.

Unlike other FSA guaranteed loan programs, Conservation Loans are not limited to
family size farms.

Operators who may not normally qualify for an FSA guaranteed farm operating or
ownership loan could be eligible for a Guaranteed Conservation Loan.

According to SED Kareus, the Guaranteed Conservation Loan limit is $1.3 million
and interest rates and terms will vary.

The maximum guarantee FSA can issue is 75 percent.

For questions regarding Guaranteed Conservation Loans, call the Weld County FSA
office at (970) 356-8097, Ext. 2.

___ (c)2012 the Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune
(Greeley, Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121204-GY-BRF-Funds-for-Guaranteed-Conservation-Loans
-now-available-1204-20121204

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2012 Greeley Tribune


                              25 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 APRIL 5, 1999

South Dakota Bank Is First to Benefit As USDA Offers Streamlined Guarantee

LENGTH: 504 words

Yankton, SD-With demand increasing for government guaranteed agricultural loans,
the U.S. Department of Agriculture is trying to take some of the paperwork out
of approving guaranteed loans.

First Dakota National Bank here became the first lender to gain preferred lender
status for the Department of Agriculture's guaranteed loan program, giving the
bank streamlined access to loan guarantees for its customers.

The new preferred lender program is designed to make lending faster and more
efficient for lenders that meet the USDA's criteria for preferred status. As a
preferred lender, a bank can submit minimal loan information to the USDA's Farm
Service Agency.

To obtain preferred lender status, a bank has to persuade the agency that its
credit management, lending and loan servicing procedures meet high standards.

According to the American Bankers Association, lenders in the preferred lender
program will be able to give farm and ranch borrowers a loan approval decision
within 14 days under the program.

Denny Everson, senior vice president at First Dakota National Bank and chairman
of the ABA's agricultural and rural bankers committee, said the streamlining
program is especially important now, because demand is high for USDA guaranteed
loans.

"Being a preferred lender allows First Dakota National Bank to provide
guaranteed loans to our customers on a more timely basis.

"We intend to service these loans with the same strong loan administration on
which we have built our reputation," Mr. Everson said.

First Dakota National Bank is a $ 300 million asset bank with $ 100 million of
its portfolio loaned out to farmers and ranchers.

To qualify for preferred lender status, a lender must have made 30 guaranteed
loans in the last three years with a 3% or lower loss rate. The USDA guarantees
both farm land loans and operating loans.

The ABA said that 80% of USDA guaranteed loans are underwritten by commercial
banks. The Farm Service Agency receives about 15,000 applications a year for
guaranteed loans. Currently, the FSA guarantees repayment of $ 6.8 billion for
65,000 farm loans.

Keith Kelly, administrator of the USDA's Farm Service Agency, told a
congressional panel last month that demand for both guaranteed loans and direct
USDA loans is running at a record pace.

The Clinton Administration has requested that Congress increase the USDA's
lending authority this year as a result of the high demand, which reflects
trouble in the agriculture economy and the need among some borrowers to
refinance their debt.

"With demand for farm loans running at four times the normal rate, funding has
already been exhausted in some of our loan program accounts, and others are
expected to be depleted within the next few weeks." Mr. Kelly said.

The administration wants Congress to approve funding for the USDA to guarantee
or make an additional $ 1.1 billion in loans this year, which would account for
about 12,000 additional loans.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1999 Faulkner & Gray


                              26 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright 2017 Thomson Financial, All Rights Reserved
                            Reuters Knowledge Direct

                                 March 27, 2017

                      Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp.

                               1999 K St NW Fl 4
                           WASHINGTON,  DC 20006-1118
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: Main Phone: 1-202-8727700
FAX: 1-202-8727713
URL: Home Page: http://www.farmermac.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: AGM, AGM.A
CUSIP: 313148306, 313148108, 313148207
IRS No.: 521578738
CIK: 0000845877
ISIN: US3131483063US3131481083
SEDOL: 23633812518783
Reuters Instrument Code: AGM, AGMa
Display RIC: AGM.N, AGMa.N

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: 1987
PLACE OF INCORPORATION: District of Columbia
LEGAL STATUS: Equity Issue
OPERATING STATUS: Active
EMPLOYEES: 81

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *



OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS
NAME            CURRENT TITLE (DATE)      OFFICER      DIRECTOR     AGE   SEX
                                          SINCE        SINCE
Lowell Junkins  Independent Chairman of   2002         1996         71    M
                the Board (2010)
Timothy Buzby   President, Chief          2003                      46    M
                Executive Officer (2013)
Dr. Myles Watts Independent Vice Chairman 2012         2010         64    M
Ph.D.           of the Board (2012)
Mr. Robert      Chief Financial Officer,  2013                      49    M
Lynch           Executive Vice President,
                Treasurer (2015)
Stephen Mullery Senior Vice President,    2012                      48    M
                General Counsel,
                Secretary (2012)
John Covington  Senior Vice President -   2015                      59    M
                Agricultural Finance
                (2015)
Thomas Hill     Director (2012)                        2012         65    M
Douglas Wilhelm Director (2012)                        2012         64    M
Dennis Brack    Independent Director                   2001         62    M
                (2001)
Gov. Chester    Independent Director                   2012         49    M
Culver          (2012)
Richard         Independent Director                   2010         70    M
Davidson        (2010)

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation (Farmer Mac), incorporated in 1987,
provides a secondary market for a range of loans made to borrowers in rural
America. The Company operates through four segments: Farm & Ranch, the United
States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Guarantees, Rural Utilities and
Institutional Credit. The Company sells its guarantees of securities under the
AgVantage brand name.

   Farm & Ranch

   The Company purchases eligible mortgage loans secured by first liens on
agricultural real estate and rural housing under the Farm & Ranch line of
business. Farmer Mac guarantees securities representing interests in pools of
mortgage loans eligible for the Farm & Ranch line of business (Farm & Ranch
Guaranteed Securities). Farmer Mac also purchases, subject to the terms of the
applicable long-term standby purchase commitments (LTSPC) agreement, eligible
Farm & Ranch mortgage loans.

   Farmer Mac includes its part-time farm loans and rural housing loans in the
Farm & Ranch line of business. In Farm & Ranch Guaranteed Securities
transactions, Farmer Mac guarantees securities representing interests in
eligible Farm & Ranch loans or participation interests in the loans held by a
trust or other entity. Farmer Mac has approximately 790 approved lenders
eligible to participate in Farmer Mac's Farm & Ranch line of business, ranging
from single-office to multi-branch institutions, spanning community banks,
mortgage companies, commercial banks and insurance companies.

   USDA Guarantees

   Farmer Mac II LLC, a subsidiary of Farmer Mac, purchases the portions of
certain agricultural, rural development, business and industry, and community
facilities loans guaranteed by the USDA. Farmer Mac refers to the USDA-
guaranteed portions of loans as USDA Securities. Farmer Mac II LLC also
purchases USDA Securities in exchange for issuing securities to third-parties
backed by the USDA Securities, which are also guaranteed by Farmer Mac (Farmer
Mac Guaranteed USDA Securities).

   Rural Utilities

   Under the Rural Utilities line of business, Farmer Mac purchases, and
guarantees securities backed by, rural electric and telephone loans made by
lenders organized as cooperatives to borrowers. Farmer Mac's Rural Utilities
line of business includes purchases of eligible rural utilities loans and
guarantees of securities backed by the loans.

   Institutional Credit

   Under the Institutional Credit line of business, Farmer Mac provides advances
against eligible loans by guaranteeing and purchasing general obligations of
institutions approved by Farmer Mac, which obligations are also secured by a
pool of guaranteed securities or the types of loans eligible for an over one of
Farmer Mac's other lines of business. AgVantage is the name used to designate
Farmer Mac's guarantees of securities related to the general obligations of
lenders that are secured by pools of eligible loans and that consist of the
Institutional Credit line of business.

   The Company competes with FCS, Federal Home Loan Banks, Fannie Mae and
Freddie Mac.

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
522294 - Secondary Market Financing
PRIMARY SIC:
6111 - Federal & Fed.-Sponsored Credit
SECONDARY SIC:
6159 - Misc Business Credit Institutions
COMPETITORS:

     ·    Annaly Capital Management, Inc.
     ·    AGNC Investment Corp
     ·    Green Dot Corporation
     ·    Hatteras Financial Corp.
     ·    International Card Establishment, Inc.


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2016

MOST RECENT EXCHANGE RATE:  1.0
CHART OF ACCOUNTS:  Industry
ACCOUNTING STANDARD:  U.S. GAAP
LATEST AVAILABLE ANNUAL:  20170327

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Cash & Equivalents                     265,229       1,210,084       1,363,387
Cash and Short Term                    265,229       1,210,084       1,363,387
Investments
Receivables - Other                    161,653         152,889         146,336
Total Receivables, Net                 161,653         152,889         146,336
Prepaid Expenses                        86,322          47,780          55,413
LT Investments - Other              11,681,346      10,827,567       9,857,099
Long Term Investments               11,681,346      10,827,567       9,857,099
Note Receivable - Long Term            (5,415)         (4,480)         (5,864)
Defered Income Tax - Long Term          12,291          42,916          33,391
Asset
Other Long Term Assets, Total           12,291          42,916          33,391
Other Assets                         3,404,594       3,263,598       2,838,059
Other Assets, Total                  3,404,594       3,263,598       2,838,059
Total Assets                        15,606,020      15,540,354      14,287,821



LIABILITIES ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Payable/Accrued                          9,415          29,089          81,252
Accrued Expenses                        49,700          47,621          48,355
Current Port. of LT                  8,440,123       9,111,461       7,353,953
Debt/Capital Leases
Long Term Debt                       6,365,681       5,680,572       5,895,400
Total Long Term Debt                 6,365,681       5,680,572       5,895,400
Total Debt                          14,805,804      14,792,033      13,249,353
Minority Interest                          222             203         236,028
Other Liabilities                       97,454         117,891         127,032
Other Liabilities, Total                97,454         117,891         127,032
Total Liabilities                   14,962,595      14,986,837      13,742,020



EQUITY ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Redeemable Preferred Stock             204,759         204,759         204,759
Redeemable Preferred Stock,            204,759         204,759         204,759
Total
Common Stock                            10,539          10,687          10,937
Common Stock, Total                     10,539          10,687          10,937
Additional Paid-In Capital             118,655         117,862         113,559
Retained Earnings (Accumulated         275,714         231,228         201,013
Deficit)
Other Comprehensive Income              33,758        (11,019)          15,533
Other Equity, Total                     33,758        (11,019)          15,533
Total Equity                           643,425         553,517         545,801
Total Liabilities &                 15,606,020      15,540,354      14,287,821
Shareholders' Equity
Shares Outs - Common Stock               9,007           9,156           9,406
Primary Issue
Total Common Shares                     10,539          10,687          10,937
Outstanding
Total Preferred Shares                   8,400           8,400           8,400
Outstanding



SUPPLEMENTAL ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Shares Outstanding - Common                  1               1               1
Issue 2
Shares Outstanding - Common                  1               1               1
Issue 3
Shares Outstanding - Preferred               2               2               2
Issue 1
Shares Outstanding - Preferred               3               3               3
Issue 2
Shares Outstanding - Preferred               3               3               3
Issue 3



FOOTNOTE
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Full-Time Employees                         81              71              71
Number of Common Shareholders            1,944           1,979           2,026
Non-Curr Derivative Liab.               58,152          77,199          84,844
Hedging, Suppl



RATIOS
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Net Debt Incl. Pref.Stock &         14,745,556      13,786,911      12,326,753
Min.Interest('000 USD)
Tangible Book Value, Common            438,666         348,758         341,042
Equity('000 USD)
Tangible Book Value per Share,              42              33              31
Common Eq (USD)



FOOTNOTE DEBT ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Total Long Term Debt,                    5,223           4,967           5,471
Supplemental
Long Term Debt Maturing within           1,733           1,201           1,570
1 Year
Long Term Debt Maturing in               1,284           1,539           1,219
Year 2
Long Term Debt Maturing in                 495             520             682
Year 3
Long Term Debt Maturing in                 602             530             873
Year 4
Long Term Debt Maturing in 2-3           1,779           2,060           1,901
Years
Long Term Debt Maturing in 4-5             602             530             873
Years
Long Term Debt Matur. in Year            1,109           1,177           1,127
6 & Beyond
Total Operating Leases,                     11              13              14
Supplemental
Operating Lease Payments Due                 1               1               1
in Year 1
Operating Lease Payments Due                 1               1               1
in Year 2
Operating Lease Payments Due                 1               1               1
in Year 3
Operating Lease Payments Due                 1               1               1
in Year 4
Operating Lease Payments Due                 1               1               1
in Year 5
Operating Lease Pymts. Due in                3               3               3
2-3 Years
Operating Lease Pymts. Due in                3               3               3
4-5 Years
Oper. Lse. Pymts. Due in Year                4               6               7
6 & Beyond

* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Net Sales                              311,900         264,823         241,067
Revenue                                311,900         264,823         241,067
Total Revenue                          311,900         264,823         241,067
Cost of Revenue                        171,626         139,016         170,720
Cost of Revenue, Total                 171,626         139,016         170,720
Gross Profit                           140,274         125,807          70,347
Selling/General/Administrative          17,611          15,615          14,688
Expense
Labor & Related Expense                 22,772          22,047          19,009
Selling/General/Admin.                  40,383          37,662          33,697
Expenses, Total
Other Operating Expense                  1,002             208         (3,166)
Other, Net                            (16,691)        (16,382)        (16,408)
Other Operating Expenses,             (15,689)        (16,174)        (19,574)
Total
Total Operating Expense                196,320         160,504         184,843
Operating Income                       115,580         104,319          56,224
Investment Income -                      3,762           3,760          16,745
Non-Operating
Interest/Invest Income -                 3,762           3,760          16,745
Non-Operating
Interest                                 3,762           3,760          16,745
Inc.(Exp.),Net-Non-Op., Total
Gain (Loss) on Sale of Assets               15             (1)             137
Net Income Before Taxes                119,357         108,078          73,106
Provision for Income Taxes              42,057          34,239           2,824
Net Income After Taxes                  77,300          73,839          70,282
Minority Interest                           34         (5,139)        (22,192)
Net Income Before Extra. Items          77,334          68,700          48,090
Preferred Dividends                   (13,182)        (13,182)         (9,839)
Income Available to Com Excl            64,152          47,371          38,251
ExtraOrd
Basic Weighted Average Shares           10,477          10,949          10,920
Basic EPS Excluding                          6               4               4
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Weighted Average                10,745          11,309          11,367
Shares
Diluted EPS Excluding ExtraOrd               6               4               3
Items
DPS - Common Stock Primary                   1               1               1
Issue



EXTRAORDINARY ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Net Income                              77,334          68,700          48,090
Income Available to Com Incl            64,152          47,371          38,251
ExtraOrd



NORMALIZED ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Total Special Items                       (15)               1           (137)
Normalized Income Before Taxes         119,342         108,079          72,969
Effect of Special Items on                 (5)               0             (5)
Income Taxes
Inc Tax Ex Impact of Sp Items           42,052          34,239           2,819
Normalized Income After Taxes           77,290          73,840          70,150
Normalized Inc. Avail to Com.           64,142          47,372          38,119
Basic Normalized EPS                         6               4               3
Diluted Normalized EPS                       6               4               3



RATIOS
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Gross Margin                                45              48              29
Operating Margin                            37              39              23
Pretax Margin                               38              41              30
Effective Tax Rate                          35              32               4
Net Profit Margin                           21              18              16
Normalized EBIT('000 USD)              115,580         104,319          56,224



FOOTNOTE TAX ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Current Tax - Domestic                  37,954          30,247           9,803
Current Tax - Total                     37,954          30,247           9,803
Deferred Tax - Domestic                  4,103           3,992         (6,979)
Deferred Tax - Total                     4,103           3,992         (6,979)
Income Tax - Total                      42,057          34,239           2,824



FOOTNOTE PENSION ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Defined Contribution Expense -           1,300           1,200           1,200
Domestic
Total Pension Expense                    1,300           1,200           1,200



SUPPLEMENTAL ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Basic EPS Including                          6               4               4
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Net Income                          64              47              38
Diluted EPS Including ExtraOrd               6               4               3
Items
Dividends per Share - Com                    1               1               1
Stock Issue 2
Gross Dividends - Common Stock              11               7               6



FOOTNOTE
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Stock-Based Compensation,                3,343           3,269           2,859
Supplemental
Interest Expense, Supplemental         171,626         139,016         170,720
Interest Expense (Financial            171,626         139,016         170,720
Oper), Suppl
Rental Expense, Supplemental             1,300           1,300           1,300
Labor & Related Expense Suppl.          22,772          22,047          19,009
Minority Interest,                          34         (5,139)        (22,192)
Supplemental

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Net Income/Starting Line                77,300          73,839          70,282
Deferred Taxes                           4,103           3,992         (6,979)
Unusual Items                              (6)             (8)             101
Other Non-Cash Items                    95,143         105,531         135,453
Non-Cash Items                          95,137         105,523         135,554
Other Assets                            34,956           1,901        (34,849)
Accrued Expenses                         2,079           (734)         (5,417)
Other Liabilities                      (4,987)           (166)         (3,539)
Changes in Working Capital              32,048           1,001        (43,805)
Cash from Operating Activities         208,588         184,355         155,052
Sale/Maturity of Investment          4,758,730       3,188,031       3,765,145
Purchase of Investments            (5,352,434)     (4,438,563)     (3,850,734)
Other Investing Cash Flow                  295             (1)           1,927
Other Investing Cash Flow            (593,409)     (1,250,533)        (83,662)
Items, Total
Cash from Investing Activities       (593,409)     (1,250,533)        (83,662)
Other Financing Cash Flow                1,481         (5,019)        (27,966)
Financing Cash Flow Items                1,481         (5,019)        (27,966)
Total Cash Dividends Paid             (24,067)        (20,182)        (13,996)
Sale/Issuance of Common                    553           1,689             244
Common Stock, Net                      (8,733)         (8,631)             244
Issuance (Retirement) of               (8,733)       (252,631)         146,670
Stock, Net
Long Term Debt Issued              101,555,483     101,505,327      41,933,717
Long Term Debt Reduction         (102,084,198)   (100,314,620)    (41,495,741)
Long Term Debt, Net                  (528,715)       1,190,707         437,976
Issuance (Retirement) of Debt,       (528,715)       1,190,707         437,976
Net
Cash from Financing Activities       (560,034)         912,875         542,684
Net Change in Cash                   (944,855)       (153,303)         614,074
Net Cash - Beginning Balance         1,210,084       1,363,387         749,313
Net Cash - Ending Balance              265,229       1,210,084       1,363,387
Cash Interest Paid                     110,609         108,254         171,644
Cash Taxes Paid                         29,500          31,000          12,750

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY SPECIFIC:


Balance Sheet
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,606,020
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                       15,606,020
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,573,190
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         438,666
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        438,666
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        348,758
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         265,229
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                         265,229
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                         14,962,590
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                       14,962,590
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                       6,365,681
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                      6,365,681
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        161,653
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            161,653
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            643,425
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          643,425
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                      14,805,800
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          14,805,800
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        24,067
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       184,521
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          83,685
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           184,521
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        19,413
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        25
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     96
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .02
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     1,017,105,000
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         1,425,585,000
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       954,321,000
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.26
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.98
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                         4,103,947.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                             4,022,923.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                               3,850,617.00
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                         11,349.46
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             30,751.31
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                               48,538.70
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  40.79
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      40.79
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                       1,026.27
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           41.20
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               41.20
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             12.58
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    16.97
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 14.78
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                        10.76
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          16.97
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               83.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   89.24
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     83.03
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         94.87
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             94.87
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             95.83
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            95.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                      2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                          2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                       2,672.37
year ago
Current EBITDA/EV                                                           .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                   .75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .42
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .42
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  15.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             76.99
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              54.66
EPS Change % - year over year                                             42.53
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                43.03
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   8.35
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   36.15
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          42.72
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.13
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -2.33
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.70
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          69.41
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       55.62
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  35.42
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      35.42
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            36.01
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     11.87
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         20.25
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           2.15
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.78
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.78
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               2.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.57
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                2.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         11.39
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -12.74
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       171,626
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                            44,528
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        171,626
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           77,300
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         28,789
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          77,300
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           77,290
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         119,357
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        44,582
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         119,357
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          119,342
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               115,580
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    29,666
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           104,319
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   29,666
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    115,580
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                        171,626
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        44,528
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         171,626
Net Income available to common - most recent                             64,152
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             25,465
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             64,152
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        64,142
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            311,900
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 81,241
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            264,823
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  311,900
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 25.82
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        35.24
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.68
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            35.42
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              35.24
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          42,057
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              15,793
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                42,057
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         77,334
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         77,334
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 5,981
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             77,290
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .56
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .50
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .73
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .50
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .50
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 16.55
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             16.29
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            24.48
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              13.73
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              16.29
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      1.27
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 1.68
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.15
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           25,167
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          25,167
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           10,756
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            6,123
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            2,422
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           4,326
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 6,118
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,970
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          17,173
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                            14,517
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          7,108
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           30,986
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,810
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         4,934
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                             17,172
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           604,037
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          604,037
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            29,027
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         30,411
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  7,582
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29,027
Historical Relative P/E                                                   95.98
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.30
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              9.36
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            7.77
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.55
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          46.55
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            4.63
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                    9.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     5.34
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             9.44
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.44
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .97
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            3.25
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.25
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.92
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.84
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.33
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.92
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .93
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .94
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .94
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             36.66
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.06
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.06
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 44.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 47.51
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             42.72
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        45.19
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          44.97
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        29.18
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          24.78
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          27.88
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 35.44
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             27.88
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   24.78
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             37.06
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             39.39
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         36.77
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    36.52
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      37.06
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                38.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                40.81
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            39.34
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       54.88
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         38.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            12.95
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           13.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             12.95
Float                                                                      9.78
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        600,262
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             11.31
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            10.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          10.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.72
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            10.69
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              10.55
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.95
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            10.48
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.52
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            92.68



Cash Flow
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,606,020
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                       15,606,020
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,573,190
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         438,666
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        438,666
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        348,758
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         265,229
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                         265,229
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                         14,962,590
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                       14,962,590
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                       6,365,681
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                      6,365,681
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        161,653
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            161,653
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            643,425
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          643,425
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                      14,805,800
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          14,805,800
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        24,067
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       184,521
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          83,685
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           184,521
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        19,413
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        25
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     96
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .02
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     1,017,105,000
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         1,425,585,000
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       954,321,000
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.26
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.98
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                         4,103,947.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                             4,022,923.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                               3,850,617.00
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                         11,349.46
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             30,751.31
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                               48,538.70
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  40.79
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      40.79
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                       1,026.27
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           41.20
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               41.20
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             12.58
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    16.97
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 14.78
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                        10.76
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          16.97
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               83.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   89.24
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     83.03
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         94.87
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             94.87
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             95.83
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            95.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                      2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                          2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                       2,672.37
year ago
Current EBITDA/EV                                                           .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                   .75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .42
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .42
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  15.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             76.99
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              54.66
EPS Change % - year over year                                             42.53
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                43.03
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   8.35
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   36.15
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          42.72
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.13
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -2.33
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.70
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          69.41
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       55.62
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  35.42
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      35.42
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            36.01
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     11.87
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         20.25
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           2.15
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.78
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.78
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               2.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.57
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                2.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         11.39
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -12.74
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       171,626
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                            44,528
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        171,626
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           77,300
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         28,789
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          77,300
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           77,290
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         119,357
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        44,582
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         119,357
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          119,342
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               115,580
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    29,666
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           104,319
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   29,666
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    115,580
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                        171,626
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        44,528
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         171,626
Net Income available to common - most recent                             64,152
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             25,465
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             64,152
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        64,142
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            311,900
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 81,241
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            264,823
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  311,900
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 25.82
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        35.24
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.68
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            35.42
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              35.24
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          42,057
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              15,793
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                42,057
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         77,334
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         77,334
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 5,981
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             77,290
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .56
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .50
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .73
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .50
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .50
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 16.55
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             16.29
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            24.48
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              13.73
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              16.29
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      1.27
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 1.68
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.15
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           25,167
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          25,167
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           10,756
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            6,123
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            2,422
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           4,326
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 6,118
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,970
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          17,173
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                            14,517
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          7,108
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           30,986
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,810
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         4,934
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                             17,172
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           604,037
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          604,037
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            29,027
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         30,411
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  7,582
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29,027
Historical Relative P/E                                                   95.98
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.30
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              9.36
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            7.77
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.55
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          46.55
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            4.63
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                    9.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     5.34
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             9.44
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.44
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .97
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            3.25
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.25
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.92
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.84
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.33
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.92
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .93
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .94
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .94
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             36.66
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.06
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.06
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 44.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 47.51
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             42.72
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        45.19
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          44.97
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        29.18
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          24.78
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          27.88
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 35.44
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             27.88
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   24.78
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             37.06
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             39.39
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         36.77
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    36.52
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      37.06
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                38.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                40.81
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            39.34
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       54.88
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         38.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            12.95
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           13.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             12.95
Float                                                                      9.78
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        600,262
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             11.31
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            10.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          10.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.72
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            10.69
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              10.55
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.95
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            10.48
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.52
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            92.68



Descriptive
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,606,020
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                       15,606,020
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,573,190
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         438,666
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        438,666
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        348,758
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         265,229
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                         265,229
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                         14,962,590
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                       14,962,590
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                       6,365,681
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                      6,365,681
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        161,653
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            161,653
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            643,425
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          643,425
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                      14,805,800
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          14,805,800
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        24,067
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       184,521
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          83,685
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           184,521
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        19,413
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        25
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     96
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .02
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     1,017,105,000
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         1,425,585,000
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       954,321,000
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.26
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.98
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                         4,103,947.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                             4,022,923.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                               3,850,617.00
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                         11,349.46
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             30,751.31
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                               48,538.70
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  40.79
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      40.79
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                       1,026.27
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           41.20
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               41.20
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             12.58
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    16.97
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 14.78
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                        10.76
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          16.97
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               83.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   89.24
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     83.03
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         94.87
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             94.87
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             95.83
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            95.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                      2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                          2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                       2,672.37
year ago
Current EBITDA/EV                                                           .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                   .75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .42
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .42
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  15.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             76.99
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              54.66
EPS Change % - year over year                                             42.53
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                43.03
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   8.35
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   36.15
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          42.72
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.13
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -2.33
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.70
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          69.41
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       55.62
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  35.42
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      35.42
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            36.01
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     11.87
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         20.25
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           2.15
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.78
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.78
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               2.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.57
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                2.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         11.39
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -12.74
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       171,626
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                            44,528
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        171,626
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           77,300
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         28,789
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          77,300
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           77,290
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         119,357
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        44,582
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         119,357
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          119,342
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               115,580
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    29,666
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           104,319
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   29,666
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    115,580
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                        171,626
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        44,528
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         171,626
Net Income available to common - most recent                             64,152
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             25,465
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             64,152
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        64,142
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            311,900
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 81,241
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            264,823
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  311,900
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 25.82
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        35.24
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.68
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            35.42
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              35.24
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          42,057
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              15,793
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                42,057
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         77,334
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         77,334
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 5,981
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             77,290
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .56
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .50
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .73
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .50
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .50
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 16.55
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             16.29
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            24.48
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              13.73
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              16.29
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      1.27
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 1.68
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.15
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           25,167
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          25,167
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           10,756
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            6,123
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            2,422
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           4,326
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 6,118
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,970
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          17,173
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                            14,517
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          7,108
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           30,986
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,810
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         4,934
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                             17,172
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           604,037
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          604,037
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            29,027
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         30,411
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  7,582
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29,027
Historical Relative P/E                                                   95.98
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.30
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              9.36
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            7.77
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.55
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          46.55
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            4.63
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                    9.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     5.34
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             9.44
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.44
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .97
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            3.25
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.25
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.92
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.84
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.33
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.92
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .93
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .94
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .94
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             36.66
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.06
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.06
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 44.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 47.51
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             42.72
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        45.19
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          44.97
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        29.18
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          24.78
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          27.88
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 35.44
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             27.88
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   24.78
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             37.06
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             39.39
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         36.77
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    36.52
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      37.06
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                38.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                40.81
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            39.34
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       54.88
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         38.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            12.95
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           13.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             12.95
Float                                                                      9.78
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        600,262
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             11.31
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            10.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          10.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.72
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            10.69
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              10.55
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.95
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            10.48
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.52
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            92.68



Efficiency Ratios
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,606,020
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                       15,606,020
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,573,190
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         438,666
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        438,666
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        348,758
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         265,229
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                         265,229
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                         14,962,590
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                       14,962,590
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                       6,365,681
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                      6,365,681
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        161,653
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            161,653
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            643,425
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          643,425
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                      14,805,800
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          14,805,800
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        24,067
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       184,521
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          83,685
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           184,521
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        19,413
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        25
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     96
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .02
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     1,017,105,000
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         1,425,585,000
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       954,321,000
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.26
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.98
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                         4,103,947.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                             4,022,923.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                               3,850,617.00
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                         11,349.46
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             30,751.31
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                               48,538.70
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  40.79
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      40.79
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                       1,026.27
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           41.20
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               41.20
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             12.58
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    16.97
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 14.78
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                        10.76
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          16.97
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               83.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   89.24
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     83.03
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         94.87
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             94.87
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             95.83
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            95.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                      2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                          2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                       2,672.37
year ago
Current EBITDA/EV                                                           .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                   .75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .42
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .42
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  15.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             76.99
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              54.66
EPS Change % - year over year                                             42.53
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                43.03
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   8.35
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   36.15
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          42.72
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.13
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -2.33
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.70
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          69.41
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       55.62
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  35.42
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      35.42
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            36.01
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     11.87
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         20.25
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           2.15
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.78
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.78
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               2.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.57
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                2.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         11.39
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -12.74
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       171,626
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                            44,528
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        171,626
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           77,300
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         28,789
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          77,300
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           77,290
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         119,357
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        44,582
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         119,357
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          119,342
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               115,580
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    29,666
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           104,319
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   29,666
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    115,580
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                        171,626
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        44,528
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         171,626
Net Income available to common - most recent                             64,152
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             25,465
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             64,152
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        64,142
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            311,900
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 81,241
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            264,823
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  311,900
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 25.82
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        35.24
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.68
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            35.42
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              35.24
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          42,057
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              15,793
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                42,057
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         77,334
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         77,334
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 5,981
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             77,290
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .56
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .50
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .73
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .50
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .50
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 16.55
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             16.29
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            24.48
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              13.73
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              16.29
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      1.27
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 1.68
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.15
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           25,167
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          25,167
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           10,756
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            6,123
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            2,422
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           4,326
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 6,118
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,970
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          17,173
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                            14,517
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          7,108
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           30,986
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,810
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         4,934
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                             17,172
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           604,037
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          604,037
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            29,027
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         30,411
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  7,582
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29,027
Historical Relative P/E                                                   95.98
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.30
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              9.36
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            7.77
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.55
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          46.55
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            4.63
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                    9.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     5.34
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             9.44
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.44
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .97
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            3.25
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.25
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.92
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.84
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.33
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.92
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .93
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .94
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .94
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             36.66
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.06
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.06
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 44.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 47.51
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             42.72
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        45.19
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          44.97
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        29.18
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          24.78
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          27.88
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 35.44
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             27.88
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   24.78
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             37.06
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             39.39
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         36.77
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    36.52
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      37.06
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                38.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                40.81
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            39.34
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       54.88
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         38.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            12.95
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           13.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             12.95
Float                                                                      9.78
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        600,262
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             11.31
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            10.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          10.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.72
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            10.69
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              10.55
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.95
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            10.48
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.52
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            92.68



Financial Strength
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,606,020
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                       15,606,020
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,573,190
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         438,666
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        438,666
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        348,758
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         265,229
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                         265,229
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                         14,962,590
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                       14,962,590
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                       6,365,681
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                      6,365,681
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        161,653
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            161,653
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            643,425
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          643,425
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                      14,805,800
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          14,805,800
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        24,067
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       184,521
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          83,685
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           184,521
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        19,413
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        25
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     96
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .02
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     1,017,105,000
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         1,425,585,000
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       954,321,000
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.26
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.98
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                         4,103,947.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                             4,022,923.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                               3,850,617.00
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                         11,349.46
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             30,751.31
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                               48,538.70
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  40.79
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      40.79
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                       1,026.27
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           41.20
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               41.20
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             12.58
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    16.97
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 14.78
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                        10.76
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          16.97
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               83.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   89.24
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     83.03
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         94.87
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             94.87
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             95.83
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            95.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                      2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                          2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                       2,672.37
year ago
Current EBITDA/EV                                                           .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                   .75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .42
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .42
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  15.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             76.99
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              54.66
EPS Change % - year over year                                             42.53
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                43.03
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   8.35
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   36.15
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          42.72
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.13
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -2.33
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.70
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          69.41
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       55.62
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  35.42
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      35.42
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            36.01
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     11.87
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         20.25
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           2.15
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.78
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.78
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               2.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.57
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                2.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         11.39
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -12.74
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       171,626
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                            44,528
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        171,626
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           77,300
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         28,789
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          77,300
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           77,290
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         119,357
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        44,582
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         119,357
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          119,342
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               115,580
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    29,666
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           104,319
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   29,666
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    115,580
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                        171,626
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        44,528
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         171,626
Net Income available to common - most recent                             64,152
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             25,465
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             64,152
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        64,142
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            311,900
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 81,241
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            264,823
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  311,900
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 25.82
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        35.24
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.68
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            35.42
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              35.24
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          42,057
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              15,793
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                42,057
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         77,334
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         77,334
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 5,981
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             77,290
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .56
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .50
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .73
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .50
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .50
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 16.55
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             16.29
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            24.48
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              13.73
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              16.29
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      1.27
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 1.68
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.15
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           25,167
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          25,167
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           10,756
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            6,123
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            2,422
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           4,326
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 6,118
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,970
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          17,173
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                            14,517
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          7,108
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           30,986
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,810
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         4,934
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                             17,172
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           604,037
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          604,037
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            29,027
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         30,411
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  7,582
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29,027
Historical Relative P/E                                                   95.98
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.30
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              9.36
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            7.77
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.55
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          46.55
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            4.63
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                    9.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     5.34
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             9.44
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.44
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .97
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            3.25
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.25
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.92
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.84
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.33
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.92
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .93
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .94
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .94
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             36.66
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.06
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.06
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 44.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 47.51
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             42.72
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        45.19
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          44.97
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        29.18
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          24.78
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          27.88
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 35.44
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             27.88
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   24.78
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             37.06
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             39.39
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         36.77
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    36.52
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      37.06
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                38.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                40.81
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            39.34
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       54.88
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         38.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            12.95
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           13.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             12.95
Float                                                                      9.78
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        600,262
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             11.31
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            10.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          10.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.72
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            10.69
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              10.55
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.95
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            10.48
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.52
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            92.68



Growth Rates
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,606,020
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                       15,606,020
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,573,190
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         438,666
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        438,666
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        348,758
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         265,229
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                         265,229
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                         14,962,590
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                       14,962,590
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                       6,365,681
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                      6,365,681
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        161,653
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            161,653
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            643,425
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          643,425
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                      14,805,800
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          14,805,800
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        24,067
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       184,521
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          83,685
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           184,521
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        19,413
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        25
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     96
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .02
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     1,017,105,000
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         1,425,585,000
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       954,321,000
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.26
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.98
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                         4,103,947.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                             4,022,923.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                               3,850,617.00
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                         11,349.46
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             30,751.31
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                               48,538.70
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  40.79
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      40.79
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                       1,026.27
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           41.20
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               41.20
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             12.58
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    16.97
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 14.78
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                        10.76
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          16.97
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               83.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   89.24
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     83.03
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         94.87
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             94.87
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             95.83
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            95.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                      2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                          2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                       2,672.37
year ago
Current EBITDA/EV                                                           .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                   .75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .42
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .42
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  15.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             76.99
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              54.66
EPS Change % - year over year                                             42.53
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                43.03
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   8.35
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   36.15
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          42.72
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.13
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -2.33
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.70
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          69.41
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       55.62
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  35.42
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      35.42
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            36.01
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     11.87
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         20.25
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           2.15
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.78
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.78
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               2.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.57
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                2.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         11.39
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -12.74
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       171,626
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                            44,528
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        171,626
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           77,300
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         28,789
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          77,300
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           77,290
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         119,357
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        44,582
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         119,357
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          119,342
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               115,580
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    29,666
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           104,319
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   29,666
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    115,580
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                        171,626
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        44,528
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         171,626
Net Income available to common - most recent                             64,152
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             25,465
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             64,152
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        64,142
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            311,900
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 81,241
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            264,823
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  311,900
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 25.82
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        35.24
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.68
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            35.42
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              35.24
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          42,057
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              15,793
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                42,057
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         77,334
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         77,334
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 5,981
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             77,290
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .56
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .50
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .73
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .50
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .50
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 16.55
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             16.29
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            24.48
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              13.73
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              16.29
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      1.27
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 1.68
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.15
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           25,167
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          25,167
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           10,756
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            6,123
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            2,422
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           4,326
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 6,118
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,970
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          17,173
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                            14,517
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          7,108
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           30,986
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,810
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         4,934
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                             17,172
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           604,037
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          604,037
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            29,027
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         30,411
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  7,582
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29,027
Historical Relative P/E                                                   95.98
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.30
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              9.36
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            7.77
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.55
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          46.55
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            4.63
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                    9.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     5.34
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             9.44
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.44
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .97
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            3.25
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.25
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.92
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.84
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.33
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.92
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .93
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .94
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .94
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             36.66
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.06
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.06
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 44.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 47.51
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             42.72
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        45.19
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          44.97
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        29.18
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          24.78
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          27.88
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 35.44
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             27.88
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   24.78
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             37.06
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             39.39
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         36.77
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    36.52
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      37.06
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                38.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                40.81
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            39.34
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       54.88
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         38.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            12.95
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           13.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             12.95
Float                                                                      9.78
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        600,262
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             11.31
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            10.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          10.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.72
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            10.69
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              10.55
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.95
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            10.48
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.52
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            92.68



Income Statement
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,606,020
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                       15,606,020
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,573,190
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         438,666
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        438,666
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        348,758
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         265,229
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                         265,229
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                         14,962,590
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                       14,962,590
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                       6,365,681
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                      6,365,681
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        161,653
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            161,653
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            643,425
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          643,425
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                      14,805,800
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          14,805,800
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        24,067
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       184,521
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          83,685
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           184,521
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        19,413
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        25
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     96
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .02
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     1,017,105,000
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         1,425,585,000
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       954,321,000
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.26
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.98
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                         4,103,947.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                             4,022,923.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                               3,850,617.00
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                         11,349.46
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             30,751.31
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                               48,538.70
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  40.79
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      40.79
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                       1,026.27
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           41.20
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               41.20
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             12.58
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    16.97
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 14.78
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                        10.76
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          16.97
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               83.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   89.24
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     83.03
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         94.87
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             94.87
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             95.83
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            95.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                      2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                          2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                       2,672.37
year ago
Current EBITDA/EV                                                           .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                   .75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .42
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .42
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  15.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             76.99
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              54.66
EPS Change % - year over year                                             42.53
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                43.03
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   8.35
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   36.15
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          42.72
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.13
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -2.33
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.70
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          69.41
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       55.62
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  35.42
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      35.42
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            36.01
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     11.87
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         20.25
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           2.15
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.78
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.78
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               2.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.57
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                2.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         11.39
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -12.74
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       171,626
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                            44,528
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        171,626
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           77,300
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         28,789
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          77,300
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           77,290
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         119,357
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        44,582
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         119,357
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          119,342
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               115,580
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    29,666
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           104,319
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   29,666
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    115,580
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                        171,626
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        44,528
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         171,626
Net Income available to common - most recent                             64,152
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             25,465
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             64,152
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        64,142
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            311,900
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 81,241
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            264,823
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  311,900
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 25.82
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        35.24
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.68
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            35.42
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              35.24
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          42,057
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              15,793
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                42,057
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         77,334
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         77,334
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 5,981
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             77,290
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .56
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .50
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .73
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .50
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .50
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 16.55
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             16.29
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            24.48
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              13.73
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              16.29
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      1.27
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 1.68
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.15
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           25,167
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          25,167
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           10,756
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            6,123
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            2,422
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           4,326
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 6,118
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,970
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          17,173
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                            14,517
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          7,108
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           30,986
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,810
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         4,934
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                             17,172
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           604,037
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          604,037
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            29,027
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         30,411
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  7,582
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29,027
Historical Relative P/E                                                   95.98
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.30
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              9.36
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            7.77
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.55
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          46.55
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            4.63
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                    9.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     5.34
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             9.44
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.44
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .97
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            3.25
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.25
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.92
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.84
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.33
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.92
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .93
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .94
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .94
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             36.66
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.06
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.06
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 44.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 47.51
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             42.72
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        45.19
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          44.97
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        29.18
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          24.78
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          27.88
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 35.44
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             27.88
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   24.78
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             37.06
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             39.39
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         36.77
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    36.52
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      37.06
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                38.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                40.81
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            39.34
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       54.88
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         38.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            12.95
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           13.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             12.95
Float                                                                      9.78
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        600,262
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             11.31
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            10.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          10.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.72
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            10.69
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              10.55
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.95
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            10.48
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.52
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            92.68



Management Effectiveness
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,606,020
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                       15,606,020
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,573,190
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         438,666
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        438,666
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        348,758
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         265,229
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                         265,229
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                         14,962,590
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                       14,962,590
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                       6,365,681
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                      6,365,681
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        161,653
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            161,653
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            643,425
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          643,425
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                      14,805,800
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          14,805,800
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        24,067
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       184,521
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          83,685
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           184,521
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        19,413
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        25
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     96
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .02
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     1,017,105,000
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         1,425,585,000
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       954,321,000
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.26
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.98
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                         4,103,947.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                             4,022,923.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                               3,850,617.00
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                         11,349.46
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             30,751.31
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                               48,538.70
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  40.79
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      40.79
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                       1,026.27
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           41.20
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               41.20
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             12.58
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    16.97
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 14.78
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                        10.76
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          16.97
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               83.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   89.24
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     83.03
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         94.87
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             94.87
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             95.83
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            95.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                      2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                          2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                       2,672.37
year ago
Current EBITDA/EV                                                           .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                   .75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .42
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .42
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  15.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             76.99
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              54.66
EPS Change % - year over year                                             42.53
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                43.03
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   8.35
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   36.15
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          42.72
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.13
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -2.33
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.70
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          69.41
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       55.62
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  35.42
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      35.42
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            36.01
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     11.87
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         20.25
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           2.15
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.78
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.78
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               2.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.57
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                2.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         11.39
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -12.74
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       171,626
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                            44,528
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        171,626
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           77,300
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         28,789
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          77,300
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           77,290
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         119,357
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        44,582
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         119,357
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          119,342
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               115,580
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    29,666
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           104,319
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   29,666
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    115,580
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                        171,626
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        44,528
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         171,626
Net Income available to common - most recent                             64,152
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             25,465
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             64,152
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        64,142
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            311,900
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 81,241
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            264,823
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  311,900
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 25.82
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        35.24
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.68
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            35.42
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              35.24
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          42,057
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              15,793
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                42,057
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         77,334
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         77,334
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 5,981
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             77,290
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .56
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .50
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .73
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .50
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .50
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 16.55
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             16.29
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            24.48
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              13.73
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              16.29
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      1.27
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 1.68
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.15
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           25,167
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          25,167
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           10,756
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            6,123
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            2,422
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           4,326
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 6,118
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,970
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          17,173
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                            14,517
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          7,108
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           30,986
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,810
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         4,934
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                             17,172
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           604,037
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          604,037
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            29,027
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         30,411
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  7,582
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29,027
Historical Relative P/E                                                   95.98
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.30
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              9.36
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            7.77
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.55
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          46.55
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            4.63
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                    9.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     5.34
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             9.44
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.44
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .97
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            3.25
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.25
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.92
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.84
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.33
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.92
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .93
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .94
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .94
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             36.66
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.06
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.06
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 44.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 47.51
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             42.72
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        45.19
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          44.97
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        29.18
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          24.78
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          27.88
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 35.44
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             27.88
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   24.78
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             37.06
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             39.39
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         36.77
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    36.52
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      37.06
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                38.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                40.81
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            39.34
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       54.88
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         38.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            12.95
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           13.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             12.95
Float                                                                      9.78
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        600,262
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             11.31
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            10.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          10.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.72
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            10.69
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              10.55
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.95
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            10.48
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.52
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            92.68



Per Share Ratios
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,606,020
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                       15,606,020
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,573,190
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         438,666
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        438,666
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        348,758
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         265,229
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                         265,229
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                         14,962,590
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                       14,962,590
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                       6,365,681
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                      6,365,681
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        161,653
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            161,653
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            643,425
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          643,425
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                      14,805,800
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          14,805,800
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        24,067
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       184,521
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          83,685
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           184,521
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        19,413
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        25
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     96
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .02
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     1,017,105,000
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         1,425,585,000
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       954,321,000
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.26
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.98
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                         4,103,947.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                             4,022,923.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                               3,850,617.00
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                         11,349.46
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             30,751.31
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                               48,538.70
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  40.79
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      40.79
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                       1,026.27
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           41.20
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               41.20
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             12.58
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    16.97
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 14.78
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                        10.76
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          16.97
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               83.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   89.24
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     83.03
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         94.87
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             94.87
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             95.83
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            95.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                      2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                          2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                       2,672.37
year ago
Current EBITDA/EV                                                           .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                   .75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .42
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .42
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  15.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             76.99
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              54.66
EPS Change % - year over year                                             42.53
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                43.03
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   8.35
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   36.15
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          42.72
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.13
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -2.33
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.70
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          69.41
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       55.62
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  35.42
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      35.42
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            36.01
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     11.87
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         20.25
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           2.15
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.78
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.78
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               2.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.57
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                2.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         11.39
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -12.74
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       171,626
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                            44,528
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        171,626
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           77,300
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         28,789
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          77,300
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           77,290
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         119,357
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        44,582
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         119,357
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          119,342
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               115,580
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    29,666
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           104,319
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   29,666
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    115,580
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                        171,626
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        44,528
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         171,626
Net Income available to common - most recent                             64,152
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             25,465
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             64,152
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        64,142
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            311,900
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 81,241
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            264,823
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  311,900
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 25.82
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        35.24
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.68
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            35.42
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              35.24
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          42,057
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              15,793
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                42,057
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         77,334
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         77,334
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 5,981
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             77,290
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .56
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .50
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .73
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .50
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .50
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 16.55
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             16.29
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            24.48
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              13.73
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              16.29
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      1.27
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 1.68
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.15
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           25,167
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          25,167
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           10,756
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            6,123
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            2,422
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           4,326
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 6,118
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,970
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          17,173
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                            14,517
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          7,108
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           30,986
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,810
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         4,934
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                             17,172
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           604,037
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          604,037
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            29,027
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         30,411
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  7,582
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29,027
Historical Relative P/E                                                   95.98
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.30
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              9.36
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            7.77
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.55
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          46.55
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            4.63
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                    9.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     5.34
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             9.44
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.44
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .97
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            3.25
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.25
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.92
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.84
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.33
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.92
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .93
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .94
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .94
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             36.66
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.06
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.06
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 44.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 47.51
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             42.72
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        45.19
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          44.97
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        29.18
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          24.78
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          27.88
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 35.44
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             27.88
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   24.78
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             37.06
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             39.39
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         36.77
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    36.52
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      37.06
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                38.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                40.81
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            39.34
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       54.88
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         38.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            12.95
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           13.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             12.95
Float                                                                      9.78
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        600,262
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             11.31
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            10.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          10.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.72
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            10.69
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              10.55
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.95
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            10.48
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.52
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            92.68



Price Related
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,606,020
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                       15,606,020
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,573,190
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         438,666
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        438,666
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        348,758
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         265,229
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                         265,229
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                         14,962,590
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                       14,962,590
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                       6,365,681
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                      6,365,681
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        161,653
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            161,653
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            643,425
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          643,425
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                      14,805,800
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          14,805,800
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        24,067
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       184,521
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          83,685
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           184,521
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        19,413
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        25
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     96
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .02
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     1,017,105,000
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         1,425,585,000
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       954,321,000
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.26
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.98
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                         4,103,947.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                             4,022,923.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                               3,850,617.00
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                         11,349.46
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             30,751.31
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                               48,538.70
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  40.79
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      40.79
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                       1,026.27
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           41.20
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               41.20
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             12.58
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    16.97
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 14.78
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                        10.76
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          16.97
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               83.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   89.24
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     83.03
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         94.87
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             94.87
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             95.83
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            95.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                      2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                          2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                       2,672.37
year ago
Current EBITDA/EV                                                           .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                   .75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .42
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .42
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  15.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             76.99
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              54.66
EPS Change % - year over year                                             42.53
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                43.03
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   8.35
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   36.15
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          42.72
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.13
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -2.33
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.70
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          69.41
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       55.62
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  35.42
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      35.42
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            36.01
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     11.87
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         20.25
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           2.15
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.78
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.78
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               2.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.57
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                2.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         11.39
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -12.74
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       171,626
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                            44,528
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        171,626
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           77,300
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         28,789
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          77,300
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           77,290
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         119,357
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        44,582
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         119,357
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          119,342
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               115,580
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    29,666
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           104,319
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   29,666
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    115,580
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                        171,626
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        44,528
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         171,626
Net Income available to common - most recent                             64,152
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             25,465
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             64,152
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        64,142
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            311,900
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 81,241
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            264,823
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  311,900
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 25.82
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        35.24
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.68
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            35.42
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              35.24
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          42,057
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              15,793
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                42,057
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         77,334
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         77,334
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 5,981
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             77,290
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .56
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .50
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .73
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .50
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .50
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 16.55
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             16.29
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            24.48
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              13.73
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              16.29
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      1.27
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 1.68
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.15
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           25,167
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          25,167
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           10,756
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            6,123
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            2,422
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           4,326
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 6,118
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,970
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          17,173
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                            14,517
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          7,108
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           30,986
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,810
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         4,934
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                             17,172
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           604,037
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          604,037
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            29,027
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         30,411
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  7,582
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29,027
Historical Relative P/E                                                   95.98
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.30
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              9.36
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            7.77
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.55
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          46.55
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            4.63
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                    9.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     5.34
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             9.44
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.44
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .97
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            3.25
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.25
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.92
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.84
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.33
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.92
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .93
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .94
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .94
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             36.66
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.06
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.06
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 44.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 47.51
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             42.72
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        45.19
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          44.97
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        29.18
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          24.78
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          27.88
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 35.44
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             27.88
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   24.78
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             37.06
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             39.39
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         36.77
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    36.52
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      37.06
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                38.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                40.81
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            39.34
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       54.88
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         38.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            12.95
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           13.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             12.95
Float                                                                      9.78
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        600,262
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             11.31
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            10.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          10.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.72
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            10.69
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              10.55
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.95
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            10.48
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.52
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            92.68



Profitability Ratios
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,606,020
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                       15,606,020
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,573,190
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         438,666
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        438,666
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        348,758
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         265,229
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                         265,229
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                         14,962,590
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                       14,962,590
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                       6,365,681
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                      6,365,681
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        161,653
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            161,653
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            643,425
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          643,425
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                      14,805,800
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          14,805,800
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        24,067
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       184,521
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          83,685
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           184,521
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        19,413
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        25
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     96
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .02
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     1,017,105,000
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         1,425,585,000
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       954,321,000
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.26
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.98
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                         4,103,947.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                             4,022,923.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                               3,850,617.00
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                         11,349.46
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             30,751.31
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                               48,538.70
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  40.79
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      40.79
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                       1,026.27
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           41.20
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               41.20
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             12.58
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    16.97
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 14.78
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                        10.76
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          16.97
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               83.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   89.24
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     83.03
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         94.87
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             94.87
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             95.83
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            95.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                      2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                          2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                       2,672.37
year ago
Current EBITDA/EV                                                           .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                   .75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .42
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .42
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  15.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             76.99
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              54.66
EPS Change % - year over year                                             42.53
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                43.03
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   8.35
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   36.15
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          42.72
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.13
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -2.33
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.70
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          69.41
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       55.62
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  35.42
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      35.42
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            36.01
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     11.87
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         20.25
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           2.15
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.78
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.78
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               2.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.57
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                2.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         11.39
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -12.74
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       171,626
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                            44,528
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        171,626
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           77,300
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         28,789
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          77,300
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           77,290
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         119,357
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        44,582
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         119,357
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          119,342
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               115,580
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    29,666
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           104,319
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   29,666
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    115,580
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                        171,626
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        44,528
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         171,626
Net Income available to common - most recent                             64,152
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             25,465
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             64,152
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        64,142
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            311,900
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 81,241
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            264,823
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  311,900
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 25.82
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        35.24
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.68
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            35.42
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              35.24
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          42,057
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              15,793
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                42,057
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         77,334
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         77,334
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 5,981
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             77,290
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .56
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .50
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .73
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .50
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .50
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 16.55
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             16.29
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            24.48
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              13.73
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              16.29
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      1.27
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 1.68
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.15
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           25,167
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          25,167
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           10,756
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            6,123
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            2,422
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           4,326
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 6,118
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,970
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          17,173
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                            14,517
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          7,108
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           30,986
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,810
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         4,934
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                             17,172
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           604,037
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          604,037
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            29,027
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         30,411
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  7,582
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29,027
Historical Relative P/E                                                   95.98
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.30
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              9.36
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            7.77
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.55
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          46.55
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            4.63
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                    9.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     5.34
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             9.44
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.44
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .97
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            3.25
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.25
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.92
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.84
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.33
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.92
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .93
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .94
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .94
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             36.66
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.06
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.06
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 44.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 47.51
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             42.72
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        45.19
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          44.97
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        29.18
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          24.78
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          27.88
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 35.44
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             27.88
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   24.78
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             37.06
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             39.39
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         36.77
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    36.52
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      37.06
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                38.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                40.81
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            39.34
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       54.88
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         38.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            12.95
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           13.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             12.95
Float                                                                      9.78
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        600,262
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             11.31
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            10.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          10.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.72
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            10.69
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              10.55
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.95
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            10.48
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.52
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            92.68



Share Related Items
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,606,020
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                       15,606,020
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,573,190
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         438,666
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        438,666
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        348,758
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          643,425
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         265,229
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                         265,229
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                         14,962,590
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                       14,962,590
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                       6,365,681
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                      6,365,681
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        161,653
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            161,653
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            643,425
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          643,425
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                      14,805,800
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          14,805,800
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        24,067
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       184,521
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          83,685
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           184,521
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          37.06
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                        19,413
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        25
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     96
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .02
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     1,017,105,000
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         1,425,585,000
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       954,321,000
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.26
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.98
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                         4,103,947.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                             4,022,923.00
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                               3,850,617.00
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                         11,349.46
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             30,751.31
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                               48,538.70
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  40.79
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      40.79
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     989.34
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                       1,026.27
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           41.20
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               41.20
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             12.58
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    16.97
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 14.78
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                        10.76
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          16.97
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               83.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   89.24
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     83.03
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         94.87
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             94.87
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             95.83
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            95.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                      2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                          2,301.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                       2,672.37
year ago
Current EBITDA/EV                                                           .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .75
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                   .75
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .42
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .42
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  15.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             76.99
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              54.66
EPS Change % - year over year                                             42.53
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                43.03
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                   8.35
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   36.15
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          42.72
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            8.13
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -2.33
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -3.70
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          69.41
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       55.62
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  35.42
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      35.42
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            36.01
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     11.87
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         20.25
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           2.15
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            17.78
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.78
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               2.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                2.57
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                2.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         11.39
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -12.74
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                       171,626
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                            44,528
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                        171,626
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           77,300
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         28,789
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          77,300
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           77,290
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         119,357
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        44,582
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         119,357
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          119,342
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               115,580
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    29,666
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              115,580
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           104,319
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   29,666
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    115,580
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                        171,626
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        44,528
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         171,626
Net Income available to common - most recent                             64,152
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                             25,465
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             64,152
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        64,142
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          77,334
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            311,900
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 81,241
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            264,823
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  311,900
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 25.82
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        35.24
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.68
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            35.42
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              35.24
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          42,057
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              15,793
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                42,057
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         77,334
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         77,334
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 5,981
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             77,290
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .56
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .50
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .73
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .50
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .50
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 16.55
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             16.29
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            24.48
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              13.73
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              16.29
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      1.27
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 1.68
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.15
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              61,054
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            61,054
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           25,167
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          25,167
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           10,756
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            6,123
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            2,422
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           4,326
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 6,118
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,970
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           2,377
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 4,182
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           5,982
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,970
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                          17,173
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                            14,517
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          7,108
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           30,986
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,810
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         4,934
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                             17,172
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                           604,037
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          604,037
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            29,027
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         30,411
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  7,582
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29,027
Historical Relative P/E                                                   95.98
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.30
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              9.36
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            7.77
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.55
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          46.55
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            4.63
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                    9.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     5.34
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             9.44
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    9.42
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.44
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.35
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .97
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            3.25
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.25
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.92
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.84
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.33
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.92
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .93
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .93
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .94
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .94
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.38
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             36.66
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.06
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.06
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 44.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 47.51
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             42.72
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        45.19
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          44.97
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        29.18
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          24.78
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          27.88
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 35.44
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             27.88
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   24.78
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             37.06
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             39.39
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         36.77
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    36.52
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      37.06
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                38.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                40.81
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            39.34
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       54.88
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         38.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            12.95
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           13.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             12.95
Float                                                                      9.78
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        600,262
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             11.31
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            10.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          10.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         10.72
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              10.54
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            10.69
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              10.55
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.95
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            10.48
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           10.52
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            92.68

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
SECURITY TYPE: Ordinary Shares Class C
EXCHANGE: New York Stock Exchange
STOCK INDEX: TR Equity United States Index
TOTAL SHARES OUTSTANDING: 10,538,562
NUMBER OF SHAREHOLDERS: 1,944
LISTING TYPE:  Ordinary Shares

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP


COUNTRY AND REGIONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION


('000 USD)
                                                  12/31/201 12/31/201 12/31/201
                                                  6         5         4
Farm & Ranch                   External Revenue   47,219    90,578    78,934
Farm & Ranch                   Total Revenue      47,219    90,578    78,934
Farm & Ranch                   Income Before Tax  39,261    37,836    35,678
Farm & Ranch                   Pre-Tax Margin (%) 83,147    41,772    45,200
Farm & Ranch                   Income Tax - Total 13,743    13,188    12,486
Farm & Ranch                   Income After Tax   25,518    24,648    23,192
Farm & Ranch                   Net Profit Margin  54,042    27,212    29,382
                               (%)
Farm & Ranch                   Total Assets       3,582,098 3,041,386 2,611,401

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2017


                              27 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 April 13, 1992

GAO: Many Farm Borrowers Troubled

BYLINE: By TED CORNWELL

SECTION: FARM AND RURAL MORTGAGES; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 684 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The General Accounting Office believes $ 15 billion in Farmers Home
Administration direct and guaranteed debt is held by "troubled borrowers" who
will have difficulty repaying the loans.

Troubled borrowers account for 60% of FmHA's $ 24 billion in outstanding direct
and guaranteed debt as of Sept. 30, 1990, GAO reported no more current numbers.

Moreover, FmHA's guaranteed borrowers also may face financial trouble, according
to GAO.

FmHA estimates that potential losses could total $ 1.2 billion, or 28% of its
guaranteed loan portfolio.

However, it believes its guaranteed-loan loss estimates are high.

Losses on guaranteed farm ownership loans have only been running at 4.9%,
according to FmHA.

In fiscal 1991, FmHA guaranteed $ 349 million in farm ownership loans and $ 909
million in farm operation loans.

But potential problems in the guaranteed program are considered especially
significant because the program is authorized to grow significantly.

For a number of years, FmHA has been shifting its emphasis from making direct
loans to guaranteeing loans made by commercial lenders.

GAO concluded that policies designed to keep troubled borrowers in business have
contributed to the FmHA's bleak financial situation by extending new credit to
delinquent borrowers.

By providing debt relief to farmers who have defaulted on their loans, the
policies have created incentives for farmers to avoid repaying their debt.

Some of the debt forgiveness policies were mandated by Congress.

"It is important to note that the agency's congressionally defined mission -- to
help keep high-risk farmers on their farms -- often conflicts with normal fiscal
controls and policies designed primarily to minimize risk and financial losses,"
the report says.

GAO believes the FmHA's mission needs to be clarified to define where the
boundary between fiscal responsibility and serving high-risk borrowers should be
drawn.

In general, efforts to help troubled FmHA borrowers by restructuring their debt
have failed, GAO said.

GAO earlier had reported that 43% of all borrowers whose debts were restructured
between 1988 and 1990 became delinquent again.

GAO also said FmHA field staff have not complied with agency loan-making and
loan-servicing standards.

About 13% of the guaranteed loans sampled between 1988 and 1991 did not meet
FmHA standards covering repayment ability, according to GAO.

"By almost any measure, FmHA's loan programs have become good examples of how
programs should not be implemented and managed," GAO stated.

However, the report places much of the blame for the problem on Congress.

Legislation has failed to establish priorities for FmHA and does not reconcile
conflicting objectives to be fiscally prudent and provide credit to high-risk
borrowers.

"Ultimately . . . the Congress needs to clarify FmHA's role and mission.  Until
it does, continued deterioration in FmHA's farm loan portfolio and further
losses are likely."

FmHA also has failed to graduate borrowers to commercial credit, according to
GAO.  "Ironically, some of FmHA's clients are financially weaker after FmHA's
help than they were before."

GAO recommended better enforcement of FmHA lending and loan servicing
guidelines.  It also recommended that FmHA guarantee a lower percentage of loans
made to higher risk borrowers.  Currently, almost all loans receive the maximum
90% guarantee offered by FmHA.

However, in a response to GAO, FmHA administrator LaVerne Ausman said that
decreasing the percentage of the loan that is guaranteed on high-risk loans
would make it more difficult for these borrowers to obtain credit from
commercial lenders.

Demand would increase for direct FmHA loans as a result.

He said FmHA is taking action to increase compliance with FmHA servicing
guidelines.

GAO also said FmHA should sell acquired farm property in a more competitive
method.

Current sales policies establish priorities for previous owners and special
categories of farmers, such as beginning farmers.

FmHA has about 3,100 farms with an estimated value of $ 405 million in its
inventory.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 National Thrift News, Inc.


                              28 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       The New Era (Parker, South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 24, 2012

FSA News;
USDA offers farm loans for socially disadvantaged producers

BYLINE: The New Era staff

LENGTH: 464  words


USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) State Executive Director Craig Schaunaman reminds
producers that FSA offers specially-targeted farm ownership and farm operating
loans to Socially Disadvantaged (SDA) applicants.

"FSA targets a portion of its annual loan funds for socially disadvantaged
farmers and ranchers," said Schaunaman.

"Farming and ranching is a capital intensive business and FSA is committed to
helping producers start and maintain their agricultural operations."

In fiscal year 2011, South Dakota FSA dispersed $12.4 million in farm loans to
socially disadvantaged producers.

USDA defines socially disadvantaged applicants as a group whose members have
been subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender prejudice because of their identity
as members of the group without regard to their individual qualities. For farm
loan program purposes, SDA groups are women, African Americans, American Indians
and Alaskan Natives, Hispanics and Asians and Pacific Islanders.

SDA producers who cannot obtain commercial credit from a bank can apply for
either FSA direct loans or guaranteed loans. Direct loans are made to applicants
by FSA. Guaranteed loans are made by lending institutions who arrange for FSA to
guarantee the loan. FSA can guarantee up to 95 percent of the loss of principal
and interest on a loan. The FSA guarantee allows lenders to make agricultural
credit available to producers who do not meet the lender's normal underwriting
criteria.

The direct and guaranteed loan program offers two types of loans: farm ownership
loans and farm operating loans.

Farm ownership loan funds may be used to purchase or enlarge a farm or ranch,
purchase easements or rights of way needed in the farm's operation, build or
improve buildings such as a dwelling or barn, promote soil and water
conservation and development and pay closing costs.

Farm operating loan funds may be used to purchase livestock, poultry, farm
equipment, fertilizer, and other materials necessary to operate a successful
farm. Operating Loan funds can also be used for family living expenses,
refinancing debts under certain conditions, paying salaries for hired farm
laborers, installing or improving water systems for home, livestock, or
irrigation use and other similar improvements.

Repayment terms for direct operating loans depend on the collateral securing the
loan and usually run from one to seven years. Financing for direct farm
ownership loans cannot exceed 40 years. Interest rates for direct loans are set
periodically according to the Government's cost of borrowing. Guaranteed loan
terms and interest rates are set by the lender.

For more information on FSA's farm loan programs, please contact your local FSA
office or on the web at www.fsa.usda.gov.

Contact our office at 605-297-5564 for more information.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NER

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                           Copyright 2012 The New Era


                              29 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)

                             January 4, 2013 Friday

FSA conservation loans now available

LENGTH: 229 words


Indiana County USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) Senior Farm Loan Officer, Krystal
R. Sellers, announced that funds are now available for Guaranteed Conservation
Loans. Conservation loans allow farmers and ranchers to implement conservation
practices on their land that will help protect natural resources.

Ð²Ð[#x201a]Ñ[#x161]Guaranteed Conservation Loans are a useful alternative to
help operators implement any Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS)
approved conservation practice including, but not limited to, waste management
systems, conservation structures or water conservation measures,Ð²Ð[#x201a]Ñoe
said Sellers.

Unlike other FSA guaranteed loan programs, Conservation Loans are not limited to
family size farms. Operators who may not normally qualify for an FSA guaranteed
farm operating or ownership loan could be eligible for a Guaranteed Conservation
Loan.

According to Sellers, the Guaranteed Conservation Loan limit is $1,302,000 and
interest rates and terms will vary. The maximum guarantee FSA can issue is 75
percent.

A streamlined application process is available for applicants with a strong
financial position. The streamlined process reduces paperwork requirements and
eliminates the requirement to provide a cash flow statement and supplementary
documentation.

For questions regarding Guaranteed Conservation Loans, contact the Indiana
County FSA Office at 724-463-8547.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: KEY_NOT_FOUND


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Turtle Mountain Star (Rolla, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 4, 2011

Farm Service Agency offering guaranteed loans

BYLINE: Turtle Mountain Star staff

LENGTH: 248  words


The Farm Service Agency can make direct and guaranteed loans to socially
disadvantaged applicants to buy and operate family-sized farms and ranches.
Funds for these loans are reserved each year.

A socially disadvantaged applicant is one of a group whose members have been
subjected to racial, ethnic or gender prejudice because of his or her identity
as members of the group without regard to his or her individual qualities. For
purposes of this program, socially disadvantaged groups are women, African
Americans, American Indians, Alaskan Natives, Hispanics, Asian Americans and
Pacific Islanders.

Direct loans may be made to applicants by FSA for both farm operating and farm
ownership loans. Guaranteed farm loans also may be made for ownership or
operating purposes, and may be made by any lending institution subject to
federal or stale supervision (e.g., banks and units of the Farm Credit System)
and guaranteed by FSA. FSA typically guarantees 90 to 95 percent of a loan
against any loss that might be incurred if the loan fails.

Persons who are primarily and directly engaged in farming and ranching on
family-size operations may apply.

Socially disadvantaged loan applicants do not receive automatic approval.
Individual applicants under this program must meet all requirements for FSA's
regular farm loan program assistance.

Contact the Bottineau County FSA Office Farm Loan Program staff or USDA Service
Center for more information.

USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TUR

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2011 Turtle Mountain Star


                              31 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Kiowa County Press (Eads, Colorado)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 7, 2012

Farm Service Agency Conservation Loans Available

BYLINE: Kiowa County Press staff

LENGTH: 268  words


USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) State Executive Director Trudy Kareus announced
that funds are now available for Guaranteed Conservation Loans. Conservation
loans allow farmers and ranchers to implement conservation practices on their
land that will help protect natural resources.

"Guaranteed Conservation Loans are a useful alternative to help operators
implement any Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) approved
conservation practice including, but not limited to, waste management systems,
conservation structures or water conservation measures," said SED Kareus.

Unlike other FSA guaranteed loan programs, Conservation Loans are not limited to
family size farms. Operators who may not normally qualify for an FSA guaranteed
farm operating or ownership loan could be eligible for a Guaranteed Conservation
Loan.

According to SED Kareus, the Guaranteed Conservation Loan limit is $1,302,000
and interest rates and terms will vary. The maximum guarantee FSA can issue is
75 percent.

A streamlined application process is available for applicants with a strong
financial position. The streamlined process reduces paperwork requirements and
eliminates the requirement to provide a cash flow statement and supplementary
documentation.

Interested applicants who do not already have a conservation plan approved by
NRCS should work with their local NRCS staff to develop a conservation plan. As
with other guarantees, lenders can reduce risk increase liquidity and offer
lower rates by selling the guaranteed portion in the secondary market.

For questions please contact your local Farm Service Agency Office.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KWA

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 Kiowa County Press


                              32 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               February 11, 1991

FAMC Will Pool FmHA Loans

BYLINE: By TED CORNWELL

SECTION: SECONDARY MARKETS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 415 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp. is ready to pool and securitize
commercial loans guaranteed by the Farmers Home Administration, Farmer Mac
president Henry Edelman announced here recently.

The FmHA guarantees 90% of commercial loans made under FmHA Farm Ownership or
FmHA Operating Loan guarantee programs.

The originating lender retains servicing and also maintains a 10% share of the
loan's risk.

An estimated 8,000 lenders have originated FmHA-guaranteed loans.

Currently, $ 6 billion in FmHA-guaranteed loans are outstanding.

The Bush Administration budget for fiscal 1992 includes $ 2.6 billion in
guaranteed lending authority for the farm operating loan program and $ 200
million for guaranteed farm ownership loans.

Originators may now sell their loans to Farmer Mac on a cash basis or swap them
with Farmer Mac in exchange for mortgage-backed securities.

Swap transactions require at least $ 250,000 in guaranteed loans.

Farmer Mac will sell and securitize only the guaranteed portion of the loan and
anticipates making a securitized offering on a regular basis, probably monthly,
during the peak season for farm lending.

The size of the offering will depend on the sales of FmHA-guaranteed loans to
Farmer Mac.

Mr. Edelman said the securitization program should help increase the volume of
FmHA guaranteed lending.

In recent years, the volume of guarantees issued has not reached FmHA's
authorized capacity.

Securitization of the loans will help originators increase earnings, reduce
interest rate risk, earn low-risk fee income from loan servicing and
origination, and offer a broader range of loan products to borrowers, he said.

"We think this program is going to give lenders an incentive to make guaranteed
loans.

"The combination of better economics and increased liquidity should mean that
banks will be encouraged to reach out to more borrowers," Mr. Edelman said.

Farmers and ranchers will benefit from a more stable, reliable supply of
fixed-rate credit, he said.

The Farmer Mac securitization process will impose no new requirements on the
loan origination process for lenders or borrowers.

Farmer Mac also has developed a new computer program, AGPAK II, which allows
originators to fill out the relevant FmHA forms without duplication of
information.

In addition, the program performs all calculations needed for the FmHA forms.

The 1990 farm bill gave Farmer Mac the authority to operate a secondary market
for FmHA-guaranteed loans.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 National Thrift News, Inc.


                              33 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Kiowa County Press (Eads, Colorado)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 14, 2011

USDA Farm Service Agency Increases Guaranteed Loan Limit

BYLINE: Kiowa County Press staff

LENGTH: 284  words


Trudy Kareus, State Executive Director of the Colorado Farm Service Agency
(FSA), announced that the loan limit for the Guaranteed Loan Program will
increase to $1,214,000. The limit is adjusted annually based on the "Prices Paid
to Farmers Index," compiled by the National Agricultural Statistics Service
(NASS).

"Raising the guaranteed loan limit will allow FSA to better meet the financial
needs of producers across the state," said SED Kareus. "This increase comes at a
time when Colorado agricultural producers are facing unprecedented economic
hardships and need all of the means of obtaining capital they can get," she
said.

Another change to the guaranteed loan program will affect the one-time loan
guarantee fee charged on all FSA loans obligated after October 1, 2011. The
one-time loan guarantee fee will increase from 1.0 percent to 1.5 percent of the
guaranteed portion of the loan.

FSA guaranteed loans allow lenders to provide agricultural credit to farmers who
do not meet the lender's normal underwriting criteria. Farmers and ranchers
apply for a guaranteed loan through a commercial lender, and the lender arranges
for the guarantee. FSA can guarantee up to 95 percent of the loss of principal
and interest on a loan. Guaranteed loans can be used for both farm ownership and
operating purposes.

Producers who are unable to obtain financing through a commercial lender,
including a guaranteed loan, could be eligible for an FSA direct loan. These
loans are made by FSA with government funds and the limit is $300,000 (except
for Emergency Loans which have a limit of $500,000).

For more information producers are encouraged to visit their USDA Service
Centers or go online to www.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KWA

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2011 Kiowa County Press


                              34 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Othello Outlook (Washington)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 25, 2013

Farm Service Agency allocates funds to women and minorities

BYLINE: The Othello Outlook staff

LENGTH: 460  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has a portion of its farm
loan program funds specifically allocated for women and minority producers, Judy
Olson, state executive director, said.

"While FSA farm loans are available to all qualified applicants, by setting
aside funds specifically for women and minorities, it ensures they will receive
a portion of available funds," Olson said.

Loan funds can be used to purchase farms, livestock and equipment. Funds may
also be used to operate the farm, build or repair farm service buildings, pay
for soil and water conservation practices, and in some cases refinance debts.
FSA offers both direct and guaranteed loans.

Farm Service Agency now offers more flexible access to credit through the new
Micro Loan Program. The program is an attractive loan alternative for smaller
farming operations like specialty crop producers and operators of community
supported agriculture, or CSA. Micro loans can be used for all approved
operating expenses as authorized by the FSA Operating Loan (OL) program,
including, but not limited to, initial start up expenses, annual expenses, such
as seed, fertilizer, utilities, and rents, purchase of livestock and-or
equipment, or minor farm improvements, such as wells and coolers.

Eligible applicants may obtain a Micro Loan for up to $35,000. The repayment
term may vary and will not exceed seven years. Annual operating loans are repaid
within 12 months or when the agricultural commodities produced are sold.
Interest rates are based on the regular operating loan rates that are in effect
at the time of the micro loan approval or closing, whichever is less. Current
interest rates are 1.375 percent. Please contact the Farm Loan staff at the
County Office for more loan program details.

Direct Operating loans may be made for one to seven years with a current
operating interest rate of 1.375 percent, which is subject to change each month.
Maximum operating loan levels are $300,000.

Direct Farm Ownership loans can be made by FSA to purchase a farm, the terms may
extend to 40 years with a current interest rate of 3.5 percent. Maximum
ownership loan levels are $300,000.

Participation farm ownership loans can also be made with FSA and a commercial
lender. For rates and terms and down-payment requirements, please contact the
local FSA office.

FSA Guaranteed Loans are made by banks or other lenders for which FSA guarantees
up to 90 percent of any loss. The loan limits for FSA guaranteed loans has
increased to $1,302, 000 for 2013. The guaranteed loan program includes both
operating and real estate loan programs.

For additional information concerning these programs in Grant or Adams counties,
contact Libby Anderson, Farm Loan Manager, at (509) 754-2463 extension 2.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OTH

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2013 The Othello Outlook


                              35 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Northwood Anchor (Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 11, 2012

Iowa FSA offers SDA and beginning farmer and rancher loans

BYLINE: The Northwood Anchor staff

LENGTH: 355  words


State Executive Director for USDA's Iowa Farm Service Agency John R. Whitaker
reminds interested applicants that loan programs are available to assist
eligible socially disadvantaged farmers (minority and beginning farmers and
ranchers) to buy and/or operate family-size farms and ranches.

"The work our Iowa FSA county offices do to support socially disadvantaged
farmers and ranchers is evident by the high level of minority and new farmer
participation," said Whitaker. "In 2011, 75 percent of all FSA farm loans in
Iowa were made to socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. Our experienced
loan officers find resources and provide individualized planning to serve the
needs of under-represented groups in the agricultural community."

FSA offers two different loan types, direct and guaranteed. Farm ownership or
farm operating loans may be obtained directly from FSA for up to $300,000.
Guaranteed loans, loans made by a commercial lender where FSA acts as a
guarantor, can reach a maximum indebtedness of

$1,214,000.

Operating loans may be used for various short and intermediate type credit
needs, such as the purchase of livestock, equipment and annual operating
expenses. Farm ownership loans may be used for the purchase and/or improvement
of farm or ranch real estate and buildings associated with these properties.

Individuals, partnerships, joint operations, corporations, limited liability
companies and cooperatives primarily and directly engaged in family-sized
farming operations are eligible to apply. Repayment terms for direct operating
loans depend on the collateral securing the loan and have a term of one to seven
years. Repayment terms on direct farm ownership loans are up to 40 years.
Guaranteed loan terms (those loans made through commercial lenders, i.e. banks)
are set by the lender.

Applications for all FSA direct loan programs are made through the local FSA
office. Guaranteed loan applications are processed by the participating lender.

For more information on farm loans or other programs administered by FSA, people
may visit their local Farm Service Agency office or go online to www.fsa.
usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NWA

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2012 The Northwood Anchor


                              36 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Courier (Freeman, South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 23, 2012

Farm operating loans for SDA producers

BYLINE: Freeman Courier staff

LENGTH: 641  words


USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) State Executive Director Craig Schaunaman reminds
producers that FSA offers specially-targeted farm ownership and farm operating
loans to Socially Disadvantaged (SDA) applicants.

"FSA targets a portion of its annual loan funds for socially disadvantaged
farmers and ranchers," said Schaunaman. "Farming and ranching is a capital
intensive business and FSA is committed to helping producers start and maintain
their agricultural operations."

In fiscal year 2011, South Dakota FSA dispersed $12.4 million in farm loans to
socially disadvantaged producers.

USDA defines socially disadvantaged applicants as a group whose members have
been subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender prejudice because of their identity
as members of the group without regard to their individual qualities. For farm
loan program purposes, SDA groups are women, African Americans, American Indians
and Alaskan Natives, Hispanics and Asians and Pacific Islanders.

SDA producers who cannot obtain commercial credit from a bank can apply for
either FSA direct loans or guaranteed loans. Direct loans are made to applicants
by FSA. Guaranteed loans are made by lending institutions who arrange for FSA to
guarantee the loan. FSA can guarantee up to 95 percent of the loss of principal
and interest on a loan. The FSA guarantee allows lenders to make agricultural
credit available to producers who do not meet the lender's normal underwriting
criteria.

The direct and guaranteed loan program offers two types of loans: farm ownership
loans and farm operating loans.

Farm ownership loan funds may be used to purchase or enlarge a farm or ranch,
purchase easements or rights of way needed in the farm's operation, build or
improve buildings such as a dwelling or barn, promote soil and water
conservation and development and pay closing costs.

Farm operatirig loan funds may be used to purchase livestock, poultry, farm
equipment, fertilizer, and other materials necessary to operate a successful
farm. Operating loan funds can also be used for family living expenses,
refinancing debts under certain conditions, paying salaries for hired farm
laborers, installing or improving water systems for home, livestock, or
irrigation use and other similar improvements.

Repayment terms for direct operating loans depend on the collateral securing the
loan and usually run from one to seven years. Financing for direct farm
ownership loans cannot exceed 40 years. Interest rates for direct loans are set
periodically according to the Government's cost of borrowing. Guaranteed loan
terms and interest rates are set by the lender.

For more information on FSA's farm loan programs, contact your local FSA office
or on the web at www. fsa.usda.gov.

Controlling weeds on CRP acres

Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) participants are required to comply with the
State's noxious weed laws, controlling other undesirable plants, and controlling
insects and rodents on land enrolled in CRP.

If appropriate measures are not taken to control problems in these areas, the
FSA County Committee (COC ) is required to consider whether you are in
compliance with the terms and conditions of your CRP contract. If the COC
determines you have not made a good faith effort to control undesirables, your
contract could be terminated. If your contract is terminated, you would be
required to refund all annual payments, all cost share payments plus interest,
and pay liquidated damages.

Producers who entered CRP contracts beginning with the 14th signup also agreed
not to disturb the cover during the primary nesting season (May 1 through Aug.
1). Mechanical or chemical spot treatment of weeds, insects or rodents during
the primary nesting season can be allowed if written approval is obtained from
the administering County FSA Office.

Contact our office at 605-297-5564 for more information.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FRE

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2012 Freeman, South Dakota Courier


                              37 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 19, 2017 Thursday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Information Collection Request; Guaranteed Farm Loan Program
Pages 6484 - 6485 [FR DOC # 2017-01072]

LENGTH: 917  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Farm Service Agency Information Collection Request;
Guaranteed Farm Loan Program AGENCY: Farm Service Agency, USDA. ACTION: Notice;
request for comment.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the Farm Service Agency
(FSA) is requesting comments from all interested individuals and organizations
on an extension with a revision of a currently approved information collection
associated with the Guaranteed Farm Loan Program.

The collected information is needed to make and service loans guaranteed by FSA
to eligible farmers and ranchers by commercial lenders and nontraditional
lenders. FSA is also requesting approval to merge the information collection for
the EZ Guarantee Program and the Micro Lender Program (MLP) (0560-0288) into the
Guaranteed Farm Loan Program. DATES: We will consider comments that we receive
by March 20, 2017. ADDRESSES: We invite you to submit comments on this notice.
In your comments, include date, volume, and page number of this issue of the
Federal Register. You may submit comments by any of the following methods:
Federal eRulemaking Portal: Go to: www.regulations.gov.

 Follow the online instructions for submitting comments.

      Mail: Trent Rogers, Senior Loan Specialist, USDA, FSA,

 Stop 0522, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250.

     You may also send comments to the Desk Officer for Agriculture,

 Office of



 [[Page 6485]]



 Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget,

 Washington, DC 20503. Copies of the information collection may be

 requested by contacting Trent Rogers at the above addresses.



 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Trent Rogers, Senior Loan Specialist,

 (202) 720-3889.



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:



 Description of Information Collection



     Title: Guaranteed Farm Loans.

     OMB Number: 0560-0155.

     Expiration Date of Approval: 05/31/2017.

     Type of Request: Extension with a revision.

     Abstract: This information collection is needed to effectively

 administer the FSA guaranteed farm loan programs. The information is

 collected by the FSA loan official in consultation with participating

 lenders. The basic objective of the guaranteed loan program is to

 provide credit to applicants who are unable to obtain credit from

 lending institutions without a guarantee. The reporting requirements

 imposed on the public by the regulations at 7 CFR part 762 and 763 are

 necessary to administer the guaranteed loan program in accordance with

 statutory requirements of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development

 Act and are consistent with commonly performed lending practices.

 Collection of information after loans are made is necessary to protect

 the Government's financial interest.

     The estimated total annual burden hours are amended due to the EZ

 Guarantee Program and the Micro Lender Program (MLP), which reduced the

 information collection requirements. Therefore, the burden hours are

 being provided currently in this request for OMB approval. The annual

 responses have been reduced by 23,764 while the burden hours reduced by

 33,340 hours in the request.

     For the following estimated total annual burden on respondents, the

 formula used to calculate the total burden hours is the estimated

 average time per responses multiplied by the estimated total annual of

 responses.

     Estimate of Average Time to Respond: Public reporting burden for

 collecting information under this notice is estimated to average 0.9989

 minutes per response, including the time for reviewing instructions,

 searching existing data sources, gathering and maintaining the data

 needed, and completing and reviewing the collection of information. The

 average travel time, which is included in the total annual burden, is

 estimated to be 1 hour per respondent.

     Type of Respondents: Businesses or other for-profits and Farms.

     Estimated Number of Respondents: 14,585.

     Estimated Average Number of Responses Per Respondent: 15.308.

     Estimated Total Annual Responses: 220,213.

     Estimated Average Time per Response: 0.9989.

     Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 220,213 hours.

     We are requesting comments on all aspects of this information

 collection to help us to:

     (1) Evaluate whether the proposed collection of information is

 necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the agency,

 including whether the information will have practical utility;

     (2) Evaluate the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden of the

 collection of information including the validity of the methodology and

 assumptions used;

     (3) Evaluate the quality, utility and clarity of the information

 technology; and

     (4) Minimize the burden of the information collection on those who

 respond through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,

 mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms

 of information technology.

     All comments received in response to this notice, including names

 and addresses where provided, will be made a matter of public record.

 Comments will be summarized and included in the request for OMB

 approval.



 Val Dolcini,

 Administrator, Farm Service Agency.

 [FR Doc. 2017-01072 Filed 1-18-17; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE 3410-05-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 19, 2017 Thursday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Information Collection Request; Guaranteed Farm Loan Program
Pages 6484 - 6485 [FR DOC # 2017-01072]

LENGTH: 917  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Farm Service Agency Information Collection Request;
Guaranteed Farm Loan Program AGENCY: Farm Service Agency, USDA. ACTION: Notice;
request for comment.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the Farm Service Agency
(FSA) is requesting comments from all interested individuals and organizations
on an extension with a revision of a currently approved information collection
associated with the Guaranteed Farm Loan Program.

The collected information is needed to make and service loans guaranteed by FSA
to eligible farmers and ranchers by commercial lenders and nontraditional
lenders. FSA is also requesting approval to merge the information collection for
the EZ Guarantee Program and the Micro Lender Program (MLP) (0560-0288) into the
Guaranteed Farm Loan Program. DATES: We will consider comments that we receive
by March 20, 2017. ADDRESSES: We invite you to submit comments on this notice.
In your comments, include date, volume, and page number of this issue of the
Federal Register. You may submit comments by any of the following methods:
Federal eRulemaking Portal: Go to: www.regulations.gov.

 Follow the online instructions for submitting comments.

      Mail: Trent Rogers, Senior Loan Specialist, USDA, FSA,

 Stop 0522, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250.

     You may also send comments to the Desk Officer for Agriculture,

 Office of



 [[Page 6485]]



 Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget,

 Washington, DC 20503. Copies of the information collection may be

 requested by contacting Trent Rogers at the above addresses.



 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Trent Rogers, Senior Loan Specialist,

 (202) 720-3889.



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:



 Description of Information Collection



     Title: Guaranteed Farm Loans.

     OMB Number: 0560-0155.

     Expiration Date of Approval: 05/31/2017.

     Type of Request: Extension with a revision.

     Abstract: This information collection is needed to effectively

 administer the FSA guaranteed farm loan programs. The information is

 collected by the FSA loan official in consultation with participating

 lenders. The basic objective of the guaranteed loan program is to

 provide credit to applicants who are unable to obtain credit from

 lending institutions without a guarantee. The reporting requirements

 imposed on the public by the regulations at 7 CFR part 762 and 763 are

 necessary to administer the guaranteed loan program in accordance with

 statutory requirements of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development

 Act and are consistent with commonly performed lending practices.

 Collection of information after loans are made is necessary to protect

 the Government's financial interest.

     The estimated total annual burden hours are amended due to the EZ

 Guarantee Program and the Micro Lender Program (MLP), which reduced the

 information collection requirements. Therefore, the burden hours are

 being provided currently in this request for OMB approval. The annual

 responses have been reduced by 23,764 while the burden hours reduced by

 33,340 hours in the request.

     For the following estimated total annual burden on respondents, the

 formula used to calculate the total burden hours is the estimated

 average time per responses multiplied by the estimated total annual of

 responses.

     Estimate of Average Time to Respond: Public reporting burden for

 collecting information under this notice is estimated to average 0.9989

 minutes per response, including the time for reviewing instructions,

 searching existing data sources, gathering and maintaining the data

 needed, and completing and reviewing the collection of information. The

 average travel time, which is included in the total annual burden, is

 estimated to be 1 hour per respondent.

     Type of Respondents: Businesses or other for-profits and Farms.

     Estimated Number of Respondents: 14,585.

     Estimated Average Number of Responses Per Respondent: 15.308.

     Estimated Total Annual Responses: 220,213.

     Estimated Average Time per Response: 0.9989.

     Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 220,213 hours.

     We are requesting comments on all aspects of this information

 collection to help us to:

     (1) Evaluate whether the proposed collection of information is

 necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the agency,

 including whether the information will have practical utility;

     (2) Evaluate the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden of the

 collection of information including the validity of the methodology and

 assumptions used;

     (3) Evaluate the quality, utility and clarity of the information

 technology; and

     (4) Minimize the burden of the information collection on those who

 respond through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,

 mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms

 of information technology.

     All comments received in response to this notice, including names

 and addresses where provided, will be made a matter of public record.

 Comments will be summarized and included in the request for OMB

 approval.



 Val Dolcini,

 Administrator, Farm Service Agency.

 [FR Doc. 2017-01072 Filed 1-18-17; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE 3410-05-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 19, 2017 Thursday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Information Collection Request; Guaranteed Farm Loan Program
Pages 6484 - 6485 [FR DOC # 2017-01072]

LENGTH: 917  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Farm Service Agency Information Collection Request;
Guaranteed Farm Loan Program AGENCY: Farm Service Agency, USDA. ACTION: Notice;
request for comment.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the Farm Service Agency
(FSA) is requesting comments from all interested individuals and organizations
on an extension with a revision of a currently approved information collection
associated with the Guaranteed Farm Loan Program.

The collected information is needed to make and service loans guaranteed by FSA
to eligible farmers and ranchers by commercial lenders and nontraditional
lenders. FSA is also requesting approval to merge the information collection for
the EZ Guarantee Program and the Micro Lender Program (MLP) (0560-0288) into the
Guaranteed Farm Loan Program. DATES: We will consider comments that we receive
by March 20, 2017. ADDRESSES: We invite you to submit comments on this notice.
In your comments, include date, volume, and page number of this issue of the
Federal Register. You may submit comments by any of the following methods:
Federal eRulemaking Portal: Go to: www.regulations.gov.

 Follow the online instructions for submitting comments.

      Mail: Trent Rogers, Senior Loan Specialist, USDA, FSA,

 Stop 0522, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250.

     You may also send comments to the Desk Officer for Agriculture,

 Office of



 [[Page 6485]]



 Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget,

 Washington, DC 20503. Copies of the information collection may be

 requested by contacting Trent Rogers at the above addresses.



 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Trent Rogers, Senior Loan Specialist,

 (202) 720-3889.



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:



 Description of Information Collection



     Title: Guaranteed Farm Loans.

     OMB Number: 0560-0155.

     Expiration Date of Approval: 05/31/2017.

     Type of Request: Extension with a revision.

     Abstract: This information collection is needed to effectively

 administer the FSA guaranteed farm loan programs. The information is

 collected by the FSA loan official in consultation with participating

 lenders. The basic objective of the guaranteed loan program is to

 provide credit to applicants who are unable to obtain credit from

 lending institutions without a guarantee. The reporting requirements

 imposed on the public by the regulations at 7 CFR part 762 and 763 are

 necessary to administer the guaranteed loan program in accordance with

 statutory requirements of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development

 Act and are consistent with commonly performed lending practices.

 Collection of information after loans are made is necessary to protect

 the Government's financial interest.

     The estimated total annual burden hours are amended due to the EZ

 Guarantee Program and the Micro Lender Program (MLP), which reduced the

 information collection requirements. Therefore, the burden hours are

 being provided currently in this request for OMB approval. The annual

 responses have been reduced by 23,764 while the burden hours reduced by

 33,340 hours in the request.

     For the following estimated total annual burden on respondents, the

 formula used to calculate the total burden hours is the estimated

 average time per responses multiplied by the estimated total annual of

 responses.

     Estimate of Average Time to Respond: Public reporting burden for

 collecting information under this notice is estimated to average 0.9989

 minutes per response, including the time for reviewing instructions,

 searching existing data sources, gathering and maintaining the data

 needed, and completing and reviewing the collection of information. The

 average travel time, which is included in the total annual burden, is

 estimated to be 1 hour per respondent.

     Type of Respondents: Businesses or other for-profits and Farms.

     Estimated Number of Respondents: 14,585.

     Estimated Average Number of Responses Per Respondent: 15.308.

     Estimated Total Annual Responses: 220,213.

     Estimated Average Time per Response: 0.9989.

     Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 220,213 hours.

     We are requesting comments on all aspects of this information

 collection to help us to:

     (1) Evaluate whether the proposed collection of information is

 necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the agency,

 including whether the information will have practical utility;

     (2) Evaluate the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden of the

 collection of information including the validity of the methodology and

 assumptions used;

     (3) Evaluate the quality, utility and clarity of the information

 technology; and

     (4) Minimize the burden of the information collection on those who

 respond through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,

 mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms

 of information technology.

     All comments received in response to this notice, including names

 and addresses where provided, will be made a matter of public record.

 Comments will be summarized and included in the request for OMB

 approval.



 Val Dolcini,

 Administrator, Farm Service Agency.

 [FR Doc. 2017-01072 Filed 1-18-17; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE 3410-05-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 19, 2017 Thursday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Information Collection Request; Guaranteed Farm Loan Program
Pages 6484 - 6485 [FR DOC # 2017-01072]

LENGTH: 917  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Farm Service Agency Information Collection Request;
Guaranteed Farm Loan Program AGENCY: Farm Service Agency, USDA. ACTION: Notice;
request for comment.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the Farm Service Agency
(FSA) is requesting comments from all interested individuals and organizations
on an extension with a revision of a currently approved information collection
associated with the Guaranteed Farm Loan Program.

The collected information is needed to make and service loans guaranteed by FSA
to eligible farmers and ranchers by commercial lenders and nontraditional
lenders. FSA is also requesting approval to merge the information collection for
the EZ Guarantee Program and the Micro Lender Program (MLP) (0560-0288) into the
Guaranteed Farm Loan Program. DATES: We will consider comments that we receive
by March 20, 2017. ADDRESSES: We invite you to submit comments on this notice.
In your comments, include date, volume, and page number of this issue of the
Federal Register. You may submit comments by any of the following methods:
Federal eRulemaking Portal: Go to: www.regulations.gov.

 Follow the online instructions for submitting comments.

      Mail: Trent Rogers, Senior Loan Specialist, USDA, FSA,

 Stop 0522, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250.

     You may also send comments to the Desk Officer for Agriculture,

 Office of



 [[Page 6485]]



 Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget,

 Washington, DC 20503. Copies of the information collection may be

 requested by contacting Trent Rogers at the above addresses.



 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Trent Rogers, Senior Loan Specialist,

 (202) 720-3889.



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:



 Description of Information Collection



     Title: Guaranteed Farm Loans.

     OMB Number: 0560-0155.

     Expiration Date of Approval: 05/31/2017.

     Type of Request: Extension with a revision.

     Abstract: This information collection is needed to effectively

 administer the FSA guaranteed farm loan programs. The information is

 collected by the FSA loan official in consultation with participating

 lenders. The basic objective of the guaranteed loan program is to

 provide credit to applicants who are unable to obtain credit from

 lending institutions without a guarantee. The reporting requirements

 imposed on the public by the regulations at 7 CFR part 762 and 763 are

 necessary to administer the guaranteed loan program in accordance with

 statutory requirements of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development

 Act and are consistent with commonly performed lending practices.

 Collection of information after loans are made is necessary to protect

 the Government's financial interest.

     The estimated total annual burden hours are amended due to the EZ

 Guarantee Program and the Micro Lender Program (MLP), which reduced the

 information collection requirements. Therefore, the burden hours are

 being provided currently in this request for OMB approval. The annual

 responses have been reduced by 23,764 while the burden hours reduced by

 33,340 hours in the request.

     For the following estimated total annual burden on respondents, the

 formula used to calculate the total burden hours is the estimated

 average time per responses multiplied by the estimated total annual of

 responses.

     Estimate of Average Time to Respond: Public reporting burden for

 collecting information under this notice is estimated to average 0.9989

 minutes per response, including the time for reviewing instructions,

 searching existing data sources, gathering and maintaining the data

 needed, and completing and reviewing the collection of information. The

 average travel time, which is included in the total annual burden, is

 estimated to be 1 hour per respondent.

     Type of Respondents: Businesses or other for-profits and Farms.

     Estimated Number of Respondents: 14,585.

     Estimated Average Number of Responses Per Respondent: 15.308.

     Estimated Total Annual Responses: 220,213.

     Estimated Average Time per Response: 0.9989.

     Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 220,213 hours.

     We are requesting comments on all aspects of this information

 collection to help us to:

     (1) Evaluate whether the proposed collection of information is

 necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the agency,

 including whether the information will have practical utility;

     (2) Evaluate the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden of the

 collection of information including the validity of the methodology and

 assumptions used;

     (3) Evaluate the quality, utility and clarity of the information

 technology; and

     (4) Minimize the burden of the information collection on those who

 respond through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,

 mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms

 of information technology.

     All comments received in response to this notice, including names

 and addresses where provided, will be made a matter of public record.

 Comments will be summarized and included in the request for OMB

 approval.



 Val Dolcini,

 Administrator, Farm Service Agency.

 [FR Doc. 2017-01072 Filed 1-18-17; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE 3410-05-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 19, 2017 Thursday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Information Collection Request; Guaranteed Farm Loan Program
Pages 6484 - 6485 [FR DOC # 2017-01072]

LENGTH: 917  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Farm Service Agency Information Collection Request;
Guaranteed Farm Loan Program AGENCY: Farm Service Agency, USDA. ACTION: Notice;
request for comment.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the Farm Service Agency
(FSA) is requesting comments from all interested individuals and organizations
on an extension with a revision of a currently approved information collection
associated with the Guaranteed Farm Loan Program.

The collected information is needed to make and service loans guaranteed by FSA
to eligible farmers and ranchers by commercial lenders and nontraditional
lenders. FSA is also requesting approval to merge the information collection for
the EZ Guarantee Program and the Micro Lender Program (MLP) (0560-0288) into the
Guaranteed Farm Loan Program. DATES: We will consider comments that we receive
by March 20, 2017. ADDRESSES: We invite you to submit comments on this notice.
In your comments, include date, volume, and page number of this issue of the
Federal Register. You may submit comments by any of the following methods:
Federal eRulemaking Portal: Go to: www.regulations.gov.

 Follow the online instructions for submitting comments.

      Mail: Trent Rogers, Senior Loan Specialist, USDA, FSA,

 Stop 0522, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250.

     You may also send comments to the Desk Officer for Agriculture,

 Office of



 [[Page 6485]]



 Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget,

 Washington, DC 20503. Copies of the information collection may be

 requested by contacting Trent Rogers at the above addresses.



 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Trent Rogers, Senior Loan Specialist,

 (202) 720-3889.



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:



 Description of Information Collection



     Title: Guaranteed Farm Loans.

     OMB Number: 0560-0155.

     Expiration Date of Approval: 05/31/2017.

     Type of Request: Extension with a revision.

     Abstract: This information collection is needed to effectively

 administer the FSA guaranteed farm loan programs. The information is

 collected by the FSA loan official in consultation with participating

 lenders. The basic objective of the guaranteed loan program is to

 provide credit to applicants who are unable to obtain credit from

 lending institutions without a guarantee. The reporting requirements

 imposed on the public by the regulations at 7 CFR part 762 and 763 are

 necessary to administer the guaranteed loan program in accordance with

 statutory requirements of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development

 Act and are consistent with commonly performed lending practices.

 Collection of information after loans are made is necessary to protect

 the Government's financial interest.

     The estimated total annual burden hours are amended due to the EZ

 Guarantee Program and the Micro Lender Program (MLP), which reduced the

 information collection requirements. Therefore, the burden hours are

 being provided currently in this request for OMB approval. The annual

 responses have been reduced by 23,764 while the burden hours reduced by

 33,340 hours in the request.

     For the following estimated total annual burden on respondents, the

 formula used to calculate the total burden hours is the estimated

 average time per responses multiplied by the estimated total annual of

 responses.

     Estimate of Average Time to Respond: Public reporting burden for

 collecting information under this notice is estimated to average 0.9989

 minutes per response, including the time for reviewing instructions,

 searching existing data sources, gathering and maintaining the data

 needed, and completing and reviewing the collection of information. The

 average travel time, which is included in the total annual burden, is

 estimated to be 1 hour per respondent.

     Type of Respondents: Businesses or other for-profits and Farms.

     Estimated Number of Respondents: 14,585.

     Estimated Average Number of Responses Per Respondent: 15.308.

     Estimated Total Annual Responses: 220,213.

     Estimated Average Time per Response: 0.9989.

     Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 220,213 hours.

     We are requesting comments on all aspects of this information

 collection to help us to:

     (1) Evaluate whether the proposed collection of information is

 necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the agency,

 including whether the information will have practical utility;

     (2) Evaluate the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden of the

 collection of information including the validity of the methodology and

 assumptions used;

     (3) Evaluate the quality, utility and clarity of the information

 technology; and

     (4) Minimize the burden of the information collection on those who

 respond through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,

 mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms

 of information technology.

     All comments received in response to this notice, including names

 and addresses where provided, will be made a matter of public record.

 Comments will be summarized and included in the request for OMB

 approval.



 Val Dolcini,

 Administrator, Farm Service Agency.

 [FR Doc. 2017-01072 Filed 1-18-17; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE 3410-05-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 19, 2017 Thursday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Information Collection Request; Guaranteed Farm Loan Program
Pages 6484 - 6485 [FR DOC # 2017-01072]

LENGTH: 917  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Farm Service Agency Information Collection Request;
Guaranteed Farm Loan Program AGENCY: Farm Service Agency, USDA. ACTION: Notice;
request for comment.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the Farm Service Agency
(FSA) is requesting comments from all interested individuals and organizations
on an extension with a revision of a currently approved information collection
associated with the Guaranteed Farm Loan Program.

The collected information is needed to make and service loans guaranteed by FSA
to eligible farmers and ranchers by commercial lenders and nontraditional
lenders. FSA is also requesting approval to merge the information collection for
the EZ Guarantee Program and the Micro Lender Program (MLP) (0560-0288) into the
Guaranteed Farm Loan Program. DATES: We will consider comments that we receive
by March 20, 2017. ADDRESSES: We invite you to submit comments on this notice.
In your comments, include date, volume, and page number of this issue of the
Federal Register. You may submit comments by any of the following methods:
Federal eRulemaking Portal: Go to: www.regulations.gov.

 Follow the online instructions for submitting comments.

      Mail: Trent Rogers, Senior Loan Specialist, USDA, FSA,

 Stop 0522, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250.

     You may also send comments to the Desk Officer for Agriculture,

 Office of



 [[Page 6485]]



 Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget,

 Washington, DC 20503. Copies of the information collection may be

 requested by contacting Trent Rogers at the above addresses.



 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Trent Rogers, Senior Loan Specialist,

 (202) 720-3889.



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:



 Description of Information Collection



     Title: Guaranteed Farm Loans.

     OMB Number: 0560-0155.

     Expiration Date of Approval: 05/31/2017.

     Type of Request: Extension with a revision.

     Abstract: This information collection is needed to effectively

 administer the FSA guaranteed farm loan programs. The information is

 collected by the FSA loan official in consultation with participating

 lenders. The basic objective of the guaranteed loan program is to

 provide credit to applicants who are unable to obtain credit from

 lending institutions without a guarantee. The reporting requirements

 imposed on the public by the regulations at 7 CFR part 762 and 763 are

 necessary to administer the guaranteed loan program in accordance with

 statutory requirements of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development

 Act and are consistent with commonly performed lending practices.

 Collection of information after loans are made is necessary to protect

 the Government's financial interest.

     The estimated total annual burden hours are amended due to the EZ

 Guarantee Program and the Micro Lender Program (MLP), which reduced the

 information collection requirements. Therefore, the burden hours are

 being provided currently in this request for OMB approval. The annual

 responses have been reduced by 23,764 while the burden hours reduced by

 33,340 hours in the request.

     For the following estimated total annual burden on respondents, the

 formula used to calculate the total burden hours is the estimated

 average time per responses multiplied by the estimated total annual of

 responses.

     Estimate of Average Time to Respond: Public reporting burden for

 collecting information under this notice is estimated to average 0.9989

 minutes per response, including the time for reviewing instructions,

 searching existing data sources, gathering and maintaining the data

 needed, and completing and reviewing the collection of information. The

 average travel time, which is included in the total annual burden, is

 estimated to be 1 hour per respondent.

     Type of Respondents: Businesses or other for-profits and Farms.

     Estimated Number of Respondents: 14,585.

     Estimated Average Number of Responses Per Respondent: 15.308.

     Estimated Total Annual Responses: 220,213.

     Estimated Average Time per Response: 0.9989.

     Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 220,213 hours.

     We are requesting comments on all aspects of this information

 collection to help us to:

     (1) Evaluate whether the proposed collection of information is

 necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the agency,

 including whether the information will have practical utility;

     (2) Evaluate the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden of the

 collection of information including the validity of the methodology and

 assumptions used;

     (3) Evaluate the quality, utility and clarity of the information

 technology; and

     (4) Minimize the burden of the information collection on those who

 respond through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,

 mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms

 of information technology.

     All comments received in response to this notice, including names

 and addresses where provided, will be made a matter of public record.

 Comments will be summarized and included in the request for OMB

 approval.



 Val Dolcini,

 Administrator, Farm Service Agency.

 [FR Doc. 2017-01072 Filed 1-18-17; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE 3410-05-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Farm Agency Proposes Loan Guarantee Fee Ban

                             June 21, 2004, Monday

By Ben Jackson



The Farm Service Agency is proposing a rule change that would prohibit banks and
other lenders from charging higher fees on guaranteed loans than they do on
conventional loans.

But some bankers say that the higher fees offset the cost of the extra work the
guaranteed loans create, and that the change could kill a program that last year
guaranteed about 13,000 agricultural-related loans worth almost $2.7 billion.

Like Small Business Administration guarantees, Farm Service Agency guarantees
are designed chiefly to encourage lenders to make loans they otherwise might
not. The agency, an arm of the Department of Agriculture, guarantees up to 95%
of the principal on farm loans.

James F. Radintz, the director of the agency's loan-making division, said the
proposal came in response to complaints from farmers that they were being
overcharged for loans.

The proposal, published May 4 in the Federal Register, says lenders "may not
charge ... any processing, servicing, or packaging fees that are not charged to
nonguaranteed customers for similar transactions."

Mr. Radintz said bankers get a liquidity boost from the program, because they do
not have to hold reserves against the guaranteed portion of the loans, and the
guarantees allow them to sell these loans on the secondary market. In light of
those benefits, the agency felt justified in requiring lenders to charge the
same fees for guaranteed and nonguaranteed loans.

But John M. Blanchfield, the director of the American Bankers Association's
Center for Agricultural and Rural Banking, said higher fees are necessary
because Farm Service Agency loans require more paperwork and must be monitored
more closely than loans that are not guaranteed.

Lenders have until July 6 to comment on the proposal.

Mike Jorgensen, the president of the $29 million-asset Nebraska State Bank in
Oshkosh said that because some lenders make only a few guaranteed loans a year,
they need to charge extra fees to pay a third party to assemble and process the
applications.

Last year Nebraska State processed more than $35 million of guarantee loans, for
other lenders and for itself.

"I am absolutely certain that this will no longer continue if we are not allowed
to be paid for our efforts," he wrote in a comment let ter on the proposal.

Still, not all agricultural bankers oppose the effort to cap fees. Jim McQueen,
a vice president for agricultural lending at the $167 million-asset Thumb
National Bank in Pigeon, Mich., said it does not charge higher fees on Farm
Service Agency loans, because it knows the federal government would repay up to
95% of the principal if the borrower defaulted. "There's a little more work, but
there's less risk, so there's a plus side there," he said.

He says he is more concerned about another proposed change regarding preferred
lenders. As it stands, each lender with preferred status designates one person
as the Farm Service contact, and that person must be approved by the agency. The
proposal would drop the requirement that the contact person be pre-approved.

Though the industry largely supports this proposed change, Mr. McQueen said he
fears that inexperienced lenders would make too many credit decisions on
borrowers with spotty credit histories. Lenders "need to meet some criteria to
show they're qualified," he said.

Copyright 2004 Thomson Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.thomsonmedia.com http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 577 words

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 American Banker, Inc.


                              44 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               FEBRUARY 22, 1999

Bankers, Farm Groups Want More Guaranteed Loans

LENGTH: 434 words

Washington-The American Farm Bureau, the National Farmers Union and the American
Bankers Association are teaming up to lobby for an increase in Department of
Agriculture loan guarantees to help farmers restructure debt and avoid
foreclosure.

The ABA, which represents commercial banks, said there is an urgent need for
more guarantees so that banks can help farmers meet their immediate financial
needs. Many sectors of the farm industry have been hurt by record low commodity
prices this year, which have reduced farm income. The agricultural groups have
joined the ABA in asking the Clinton Administration and Congress to approve
supplemental funding to increase guaranteed lending authority this year.

The groups are seeking more funding for the guaranteed farm ownership loan
program, which allows banks to work with customers to restructure debt over a
longer period of time. The farm loan guarantee programs are administered by the
USDA's Farm Service Agency. Under most farm loan guarantees, the government
insures lenders for 95% of the principal balance of the loans.

Recently, the government streamlined its guaranteed farm loan programs to make
them more compatible with private sector loan underwriting. The FSA said it
wanted to "strengthen the partnership the agency has built with commercial
agricultural lenders." Additionally, the FSA said it is developing a "Preferred
Lender Program" that will further streamline the process for approved lenders.

Currently, the FSA guarantees some 65,000 farm loans made to 40,000 different
farmers and ranchers. The USDA said it gets about 15,000 loan guarantee requests
annually.

The ABA and farm groups are also asking for more funds for the USDA's interest
assistance program in addition to the guarantee increase. The interest
assistance program subsidizes the interest rate on loans to reduce the rate paid
by a farmer or rancher by up to four percentage points.

All of the USDA's loan guarantee programs are experiencing a substantial
increase in demand this year. The guaranteed farm ownership program, for
example, has had a 92% increase in demand this year compared to the same time
last year.

"These funding programs are running out of funding this month, and we can't let
that happen," said John Blanchfield, the manager of ABA's agricultural banking
and rural development office.

"These programs allow bankers and farmers to work together to restructure debt.

"They also give bankers a vehicle through which they can provide credit to
farmers during a critical time in US agriculture."

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1999 Faulkner & Gray


                              45 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Agriculture: Woes Worsened in '94 For Ag Lenders Already Behind the Eight Ball

                             June 26, 1995, Monday

By BARBARA F. BRONSTIEN


Portfolios at farm banks with the highest ratio of bad loans have gone from bad
to worse despite improvements in asset quality industrywide.

Noncurrent farm loans rose nearly 41% last year for the 100 banks with the
highest percentages of problem agricultural credits, an American Banker analysis
shows.

Banks with the most problem loans also blamed their unwelcome distinction on
riskier credits from guaranteed loans and on underwriting standards that were
too weak.

Noncurrent loans - farm loans 90 days past due plus loans not collecting
interest or principal - averaged 8.72% of farm loans at the group of 100 banks,
up from 6.09% in 1993.

That compares with 1.14% for the group of nearly 2,000 U.S. banks with at least
25% of their loans in agriculture, down from 1.27% in 1993.

Iowa ag lender Dan O'Rourke, whose bank is on the list, said, "The old adage is:
You make money about four out of 10 years, and the rest of the time, you try to
hold it together."

The troubled livestock industry played a role in various regions represented in
the top 100, including Texas and Oklahoma, which appeared the most often.

Seeing several banks from the same areas indicates "certain commodities prices
or weather cycles," said Danny Klinefelter, a professor of agricultural
economics at Texas A&M University. "In general, a one-year picture doesn't say
much about the management of the bank."

Some farm lenders on the list also cited government-guaranteed loans as a big
source of their problems. Such loans tend to be riskier, and it can take time to
collect the guarantees if they go bad.

"We specialize in (Farmers Home Administration)-guaranteed farm loans,"
primarily to low- and middle-income farmers in Louisiana and Texas, said John V.
Raymond, senior vice president at $35 million-asset Southwest Bank in Jennings,
La. "We have a higher delinquency rate than someone who is making unguaranteed
loans."

Southwest Bank had the third-highest percentage of noncurrent farm loans at
yearend, with 21.9%, or $4.2 million, many from cotton crop problems in the
early '90s.

Delinquencies will be up again this year, Mr. Raymond said. "We're still having
a backlog from the '91, '92 loans" from cotton crop problems. "By the end of
this year, we're hoping we've cleared the logjam from prior years."

First Capital Bank, Guthrie, Okla., reported a 123% increase in noncurrent farm
loans in 1994, to $4.3 million. Jack Stuteville, president of the $57
million-asset bank, expects more this year from livestock- related loans.

"As long as the ag sector's struggling, there's going to be more problems," he
said.

Mr. Stuteville, who also uses government-guaranteed loans, said that when such
loans become troubled, the guaranteeing agency must sign off before a bank can
restructure them.

And the reorganization of the Farmers Home Administration into the Rural Housing
and Community Development Service has made doing business with the agency
slower, he said.

And although claims on most guaranteed loans eventually are paid once collateral
is liquidated and the unguaranteed portion charged off, it can take two months
to two years for the agency to pay a claim, Mr. Raymond said.

The bank with the highest percentage of noncurrent farm loans, Citizens Bank of
Weir, Kan., also cited troubled guaranteed loans. Nearly all its farm loans are
cattle related.

But Joe Fowler, vice president and cashier of the $6.7 million-asset bank, said
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. has since said that Citizens Bank does not
need to put guaranteed loans that are well secured and in the collection process
in nonaccrual status.

That, coupled with recoveries from borrowers and guarantees, means 1995
noncurrent loans "will look different," from the 27.6% noncurrents in 1994, Mr.
Fowler said. He expects at least 80% of the $501,000 in noncurrent loans at
yearend to be paid or recovered by the end of this year.

"I look for a good year here, one of the better years in the last three or
four," Mr. Fowler said.

In Sigourney, Iowa, flooding from '93 still haunted farms loans at $30
million-asset Keokuk County State Bank last year, Mr. O'Rourke said.

And Ray Bernard is still revamping past "too liberal" underwriting policies at
State National Bank of Garfield, Wash. However, the $11.6 million-asset bank saw
a 40% decrease in noncurrent farm loans at yearend 1994 to $644,000.

Many farm lenders with high percentages of noncurrent loans said they have
changed the way they evaluate agricultural credits.

"I'll be a lot more conservative," Mr. Fowler said. "I'll require more of the
customers' money in it or a government guarantee of some kind."

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 778 words

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1995 American Banker, Inc.


                              46 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 5, 2013 Tuesday

BRIEF: USDA simplifying guaranteed farm loans

BYLINE: Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 172 words


March 05--The U.S. Department of Agriculture announced last week an interim rule
that sets thresholds on the interest rates charged by lenders on guaranteed farm
ownership and operating loans.

According to USDA officials, the changes will amend guidelines for interest
rates and establish new policies that clearly set the maximum interest rate
lenders may charge to borrowers.

USDA's Farm Service Agency guaranteed loans reduce the risk of loss to lenders
-- banks, farm credit institutions and credit unions -- by guaranteeing up to 95
percent of the loss of principal and interest on a loan.

By reducing a lender's risk, borrowers benefit from a lower rate.

USDA officials say the improvements in the new rule will make credit pricing
procedures easier to follow and improve compliance for lenders.

To learn more, call the Weld County Farm Service Agency office at (970)
356-8097.

___ (c)2013 the Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune
(Greeley, Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130305-GY-BRF-USDA-simplifying-guaranteed-farm-loans-0305-20130305

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2013 Greeley Tribune


                              47 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Moultrie Observer (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              March 7, 2010 Sunday

Loans available for disadvantaged farmers

BYLINE: The Moultrie Observer, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 433 words


Mar. 7--ATHENS, Ga. -- The Georgia State Farm Service Agency (FSA) announced the
availability of $9.5 million in direct loan funds for socially disadvantaged
(SDA) individuals who want to purchase or operate a family-size farm in fiscal
year 2010.

In Fiscal year 2009, which ended Sept. 30, 2009, Georgia Farm Loan Programs made
116 direct SDA loans totaling more than $7.3 million.

"The special financing is for people who have been subjected to racial, ethnic
or gender inequality without regard to their individual qualities. SDA members
include women, African Americans, American Indians, Hispanic, Asian and Pacific
Islanders and Alaskan Natives," said Hobby Stripling, state executive director
of the Georgia Farm Service Agency.

The SDA program provides direct and guaranteed assistance in the form of farm
operating and farm ownership loans. Direct loans are made to applicants from
FSA. Guaranteed loans are issued by lending institutions, but typically 90 or 95
percent of the loan is guaranteed by FSA.

Operating loans may be used to purchase livestock, equipment, feed, seed, and
other business-related expenses. Repayment terms run from one to seven years.

Ownership loans provide capital to purchase or enlarge a farm, construct or
improve buildings, promote soil and water conservation and pay closing costs.
Direct ownership loan terms are up to 40 years. Guaranteed loan terms are
established by the lender.

Qualified candidates are provided information and assistance to develop sound
management practices, analyze problems and utilize available resources essential
for successful farming operations to cope with the changing agricultural
environment. SDA loan applicants do not receive automatic approval. Individuals
must be U.S. citizens with a satisfactory history of meeting credit obligations;
have sufficient education, training or experience managing or operating a farm;
possess legal capacity to incur debt; and be unable to obtain credit elsewhere.

Contact your local FSA County Office or USDA service Center for more loan
information. You may find the local office phone number listed under the blue or
government pages of your local telephone directory.

To see more of The Moultrie Observer or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.moultrieobserver.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Moultrie Observer, Ga.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100307-GJ-Loans-available-for-disadvantaged-farmers-0307

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GJ


                      Copyright 2010 The Moultrie Observer


                              48 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Chronicle (Centralia, Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 17, 2014 Thursday

Farm Loans Available for Minorities, Women, New Farmers and Veterans

BYLINE: The Chronicle, Centralia, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 283 words


April 17--The U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has a portion
of its farm loan program specifically available for minorities, women, novice
farmers and veterans, according to Jeff Peterson, senior farm loan officer in
Chehalis,

"This year, loan funds are also targeted for military veterans," Peterson said
in a news release. "While FSA farm loans are available to all qualified
applicants, by setting aside funds it ensures farmers and ranchers that have
traditionally had difficulty financing farm operations will receive a portion of
available funds."

Loan funds can be used to purchase farms, livestock and equipment and to operate
the farm, repair buildings, and pay for soil and water conservation practices,
according to the FSA.

FSA offer direct and guaranteed loans.

To purchase a farm with direct loans, the terms may be extend to 40 years with a
current interest rate of 4 percent, according to the FSA.

Special down payment programs are available for participation with a commercial
lender.

For rates and terms and down payment requirements, contact the local FSA office.

Direct operating loans can be made for one to seven years with a current
interest rate of 2 percent, which is subject to change.

FSA guaranteed loans are made by banks or other lenders. FSA guarantees up to 90
percent of any loss.

The guaranteed loan program includes both operating and real estate loan
programs.

For additional information, contact county U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm
Service Agency offices or visit the FSA website at www.fsa.usda.gov/wa.

___ (c)2014 The Chronicle (Centralia, Wash.) Visit The Chronicle (Centralia,
Wash.) at www.chronline.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140417-1CE-Farm-Loans
-Available-for-Minorities-Women-New-Farmers-and-Veterans-0417-20140417

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CE


                          Copyright 2014 The Chronicle


                              49 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Free Press (Kinstin, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 2, 2009 Wednesday

FSA targets funds for socially disadvantaged farmers

BYLINE: The Free Press, Kinston, N.C.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 447 words


Sep. 2--The North Carolina Farm Service Agency has announced the availability of
funds targeted for socially disadvantaged individuals who want to purchase or
operate a family-size farm in fiscal year 2009-10.

In Fiscal Year 2009, which ends Sept. 30, North Carolina Farm Loan Programs made
92 SDA loans totaling more than $10.8 million. This was 17 percent of the total
loans made, and 13 percent of the total dollars loaned. In Craven, Carteret and
Jones countids, SDA farmers benefited from $408,500 in farm loans disbursed to
date.

"This special financing is for people who have been subjected to racial, ethnic
or gender inequality without regard to their individual qualities. SDA members
include women, African Americans, American Indians, Hispanics, Asian and Pacific
Islanders and Alaskan Natives," said Sue A. Smithwick, manager of the Craven,
Carteret, Jones, Lenoir and Pamlico County FSA Farm Loan Program.

The SDA program provides direct and guaranteed assistance in the form of farm
operating and farm ownership loans. Direct loans are made to applicants from
FSA. Guaranteed loans are issued by lending institutions, but typically 90 or 95
percent of the loan is guaranteed by FSA.

Operating loans can be used to purchase livestock, equipment, feed, seed and
other business related expenses. Repayment terms run from one to seven years.

Ownership loans provide capital to purchase or enlarge a farm, construct or
improve buildings, promote soil and water conservation and pay closing costs.
Direct ownership loan terms are up to 40 years. Guaranteed loan terms are
established by the lender.

Qualified candidates are provided information and assistance to develop sound
management practices, analyze problems and utilize available resources essential
for successful farming operations to cope with the changing agricultural
environment.

SDA loan applicants do not receive automatic approval. Individuals must be U.S
citizens with a satisfactory history of meeting credit obligations; have
sufficient education, training or experience managing or operating a farm;
possess legal capacity to incur debt; and be unable to obtain credit elsewhere.

For more information, call Pat Williams at the Lenoir County FSA Office, (252)
523-0524 or Smithwick at (252) 946-1076.

To see more of The Free Press or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.kinston.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Free Press, Kinston, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090902-KI-FSA-targets-funds-for-socially-disadvantaged-farmers-0902

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KI


                  Copyright 2009 The Free Press, Kinstin, N.C.


                              50 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Chronicle (Centralia, Washington)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            April 1, 2015 Wednesday

Department of Agriculture Farm Loans Available for Minorities, Women

BYLINE: The Chronicle, Centralia, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 280 words


April 01--The U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has a portion
of its farm loan program funds specifically set aside for minority and women
producers.

"While FSA farm loans are available to all qualified applicants, by setting
aside funds specifically for minorities and women, it ensures that they will
receive a portion of available funds," said Judy Olson, state executive director
of the FSA.

Loan funds can be used to purchase farms, livestock and equipment. They may also
be used to operate the farm, build or repair farm buildings, pay for soil and
water conservation practices, and in some cases refinance debts.

FSA offers both direct and guaranteed loans. For direct loans made by FSA to
purchase a farm, the terms may extend to 40 years with a current interest rate
of 3.375 percent. Special programs are available for participation with a
commercial lender.

Direct operating loans may be made for one to seven years with a current
interest rate of 2.375 percent, which is subject to change. If the rate goes
above 5 percent, these loans could be made at a rate as low as 5 percent,
depending on a farm operation's cash flow.

The FSA guaranteed loans are made by banks or other lenders for which FSA
guarantees up to 90 percent of any loss. The guaranteed loan program includes
both operating and real estate loan programs.

For additional information concerning these programs, contact Jeff Peterson,
senior farm loan officer, at (360) 748-0083, ext. 2, or at the FSA office, 1554
Bishop Road, Suite 100, Chehalis.

___ (c)2015 The Chronicle (Centralia, Wash.) Visit The Chronicle (Centralia,
Wash.) at www.chronline.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150401-1CE-Department-of-Agriculture-Farm-Loans
-Available-for-Minorities-Women-0401-20150401

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CE


                          Copyright 2015 The Chronicle


                              51 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                            October 21, 2008 Tuesday

Federal farm loans increased

BYLINE: Business

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 167 words


PITTSFIELD -- The U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency in
Berkshire County has announced that it has increased its maximum loan limit to
$1,094,000. The increased guaranteed loan limit reflects the rising input costs
affecting farmers.

The guaranteed loan programs allow lenders to make agricultural credit available
to farmers who do not meet the lender's normal underwriting criteria. Loans are
provided to beginning farmers and limited resource producers, ensuring lenders
with a guarantee of up to 95 percent of the loss of principal and interest on a
loan.

In addition to guaranteed loans, FSA can also provide direct loans to qualified
farmers.

Farmers interested in the guaranteed loan program may contact their lender or
the USDA Farm Service Agency Farm Loan Program at (413) 585-1000, ext. 107 or
109. They can also visit the Agency at 195 Russell St., Suite B5 in Hadley, MA
01035-9521. Information is also available on the web at www.FSA.USDA.gov , by
clicking on farm loan programs.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2013 Progressive Media Group Limited, All Rights
                                    Reserved

                        ICD Research - Business Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            Progressive Digital Media company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                               February 27, 2013

                   Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation

                         1133 Twenty-First Street, N.W.
                                Washington 20036
                            United States of America

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *


COMPANY OVERVIEW

   Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation serves as a secondary market in
agricultural loans such as mortgages for agricultural real estate and rural
housing. Its secondary market offers liquidity and lending capacity to lenders;
offers mortgage loans, rural housing mortgage loans, rural utilities loans and
the guaranteed portions of agricultural and rural development loans. It
purchases loans from agricultural lenders, and sells instruments backed by those
loans. The company also purchases portfolios of newly originated and seasoned
loans, mortgage loans secured by first liens on agricultural real estate, and
fixed- and adjustable rate loans. The company is headquartered in Washington,
the US.

BUSINESS DESCRIPTION

   The Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation (Farmer Mac) is a
stockholder-owned and publicly-traded company in the US. Farmer Mac was
established to create secondary market with an aim to provide agricultural real
estate, rural housing mortgage loans and to increase the accessibility of
long-term credit at stable interest rates. It principally serves America's
farmers, ranchers, rural homeowners, businesses and communities. Farmer Mac
employs 53 employees.

   Farmer Mac carries out its secondary market business activities through three
programs namely, Farmer Mac I, Farmer Mac II, and Rural Utilities Loans.

   Under the Farmer Mac I program, the company is principally engaged in buying
agricultural mortgage loans or securities backed by eligible agricultural
mortgage loans. The program serves agricultural and rural residential lenders,
including commercial banks, Farm Credit System institutions, credit unions,
insurance companies and mortgage bankers. Farmer Mac will purchase qualified
loans directly from that lender through the Cash Window, where the sellers
obtain loan credit approvals, lock-in interest rates and deliver the loans
within the rate lock period. To be eligible for the Farmer Mac I program, loans
must meet Farmer Mac's credit underwriting, collateral valuation, documentation
and other specified standards. It offers Farmer Mac Farm and Ranch loans on
monthly, semi-annual or annual payments and with the choices including variable,
adjustable, and fixed rates up to 20 years. The Farmer Mac I Farm and Ranch
products include, Adjustable Rate Mortgage (ARMs) , Variable Rate Mortgages
(VRMs), Fixed Rate Mortgages and Real Estate Revolving Line-of-Credit.

   Through the Farmer Mac II program, Farmer Mac purchases the portions of loans
guaranteed by the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) and guarantees securities
backed by those USDA-guaranteed portions (Farmer Mac II Guaranteed Securities).
Under this program interested lenders sell the guaranteed portions of USDA loans
directly to Farmer Mac. Its various eligible loans include, Farm Service
Agency's Farm Ownership, Farm Operating guaranteed loans and the Rural
Development's Business & Industry and Community Facility guaranteed loans. It
offers loan products on annual, semi-annual, quarterly and monthly basis with
the choices including variable, adjustable and fixed rates. In addition, the
company offers Farmer Mac II Guaranteed Securities to lenders in swap
transactions or to other investors for cash. The loans eligible for the Farmer
Mac secondary market include: mortgage loans secured by first liens on
agricultural real estate and rural housing; certain agricultural and rural loans
guaranteed by the USDA and loans to finance electrification and
telecommunications systems in rural areas.

   Under the Rural Utilities program, Farmer Mac is engaged in purchasing
qualified rural utilities loans, or guarantees the timely payment of interest
and principal of securities representing interests in or obligations backed by
pools of such loans.

   The company undertakes ABA/Farmer Mac Alliance program through this program
ABA members have a streamlined approval process for becoming a Farmer Mac
"Seller" and preferred pricing for selected Farmer Mac products. This includes
programs such as Whole Loan Purchase Program, USDA Guarantee Purchase Program.

   Farmer Mac Farm and Ranch ICBA Rates is also one of the programs undertaken
by the Farmer Mac under which they provide farm and ranch loan products.

   The company also provides loan documentation services.

   Recently, Farmer Mac entered into an agreement with Morgan Keegan & Company
under which Morgan Keegan will begin marketing Farmer Mac programs designed
specifically for Morgan Keegan's commercial banking clients that hold
agricultural mortgage loans in their portfolios.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *









LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2013


                              53 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                              May 16, 2006 Tuesday

House Panel Approves Ban on Farm-Loan Fee Hike

BYLINE: Ben Jackson

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 7 Vol. 171 No. 93

LENGTH: 785  words


President Bush's plan to raise fees on government-guaranteed farm loans

has hit a roadblock in Congress.

An amendment the House Appropriations Committee approved last week to the

agricultural appropriations bill would prohibit the Farm Service Agency, an

arm of the Department of Agriculture, from raising fees on its guaranteed

loans.

Agricultural bankers applauded the committee's action. They said farmers

struggling with energy costs can ill afford an increase in credit costs.

Rep. Tom Latham, an Iowa Republican who sponsored the amendment, agreed.

In an interview Friday he said he expected the full House to vote on the bill

this week and was optimistic that the prohibition on the fee increase would

remain.

"I think most people understand that we don't need to pile on any more

fees on farmers," he said.

The Farm Service Agency guarantees up to 95% of a loan that a bank makes

to a farmer or rancher. Historically its loan programs have been funded

through a congressional appropriation, but a proposal in the Bush

administration's fiscal 2007 budget would fund the programs with user fees

instead.

Under the President's plan, fees on farm ownership loans would be

increased by 50 basis points, to 1.5% of the loan amount. On operating lines

of credit the fee would be increased by 60 basis points, to 1.5% of the

amount, and borrowers would also have to pay a new annual maintenance fee of

75 basis points.

There is precedent for funding guaranteed-loan programs through fees. Two

years ago Congress approved a proposal to fund the Small Business

Administration's loan programs with fees instead of a congressional subsidy.

Many bankers, small-businesspeople, and lawmakers argued that the fee hike

would scare away borrowers, but in the fiscal year that ended Sept. 30 the

SBA guaranteed a record $19 billion of loans.

But bankers say that farmers' profit margins are already razor thin, and

that many could fall behind on loan payments if their fees were raised.

Dennis L. Brack, the president and chief executive officer of the $118

million-asset Bath State Bank in Indiana, said that farmers in areas hard hit

by drought or storms could be especially vulnerable. "From our standpoint,

these are customers that need some kind of assistance," said Mr. Brack, whose

bank has about $25 million in Farm Service Agency-guaranteed loans on its

books.

Through May 2 the agency had guaranteed about $1.2 billion of loans this

fiscal year, putting in on pace to guarantee about $2 billion, on a budget of

about $150 million.

Next fiscal year it is seeking to do more with less. It said in its

budget proposal that it is seeking to guarantee more than $3 billion of loans

in fiscal 2007 on a budget of $113 million, plus whatever it collects in fees.

James F. Radintz, the director of the Farm Service Agency's loan-making

division, said he was "not aware of any official reaction" to Rep. Latham's

bill. "The agency still supports the President's budget," he said.

John M. Blanchfield, the director of the American Bankers Association's

Center for Agricultural and Rural Banking, said that though the Farm Service

Agency's budget proposal describes the fee increase as "modest," fees on a

typical loan could triple.

For example, he said, a farmer who wanted a $75,000 line of credit that

can be renewed each year for five years and a seven-year, $150,000 loan to

buy equipment would pay $6,190 in fees under the 2007 budget proposal, versus

$2,025 now.

"Modest does not appear to be an accurate characterization" of the

increase, Mr. Blanchfield said.

The Senate has taken no action on the Farm Service Agency proposal. The

ABA and the Independent Community Bankers of America said they are lobbying

senators to support a ban on raising fees. "We'll keep pushing it and asking

our bankers to let some key lawmakers to know how important it is," said Mark

K. Scanlan, the director of agricultural finance at the ICBA.

Some senators from Farm Belt states have expressed concern about the

impact a fee hike would have on young farmers or those hit by natural

disasters.

"The purpose of the guaranteed loan program is to facilitate the delivery

of credit to these borrowers, not drive up their costs," eight senators said

in a letter last month to Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns and two of their

colleagues: Sen. Robert Bennett, R-Utah, the chairman of the Senate

Appropriations subcommittee on agriculture; and Sen. Herbert H. Kohl of

Wisconsin, the subcommittee's ranking Democrat.

The letter was signed by Sens. James M. Talent, R-Mo.; Tim Johnson,

D-S.D.; Charles E. Grassley, R-Iowa; Pat Roberts, R-Kan.; Byron L. Dorgan,

D-N.D.; Blanche L. Lincoln, D-Ark.; Michael D. Crapo, D-Idaho; and

Christopher S. Bond, R-Mo.

http://www.americanbanker.com http://www.sourcemedia.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: a


                        Copyright 2006 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 March 8, 1993

Clinton FmHA Changes May Boost Guaranteed Loans

SECTION: FARM AND RURAL MORTGAGES; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 474 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Clinton administration has proposed changes in the Farmers Home
Administration that could create more business for lenders participating in
guaranteed loan programs.

The administration proposed a $ 235 million increase in the loan authority for
the rural housing guarantee program in fiscal 1993.  The proposed increase is
included in the President's overall economic plan.

Because low interest rates have helped stimulate demand, the program's current $
329 million loan authority for fiscal 1993 will likely be exhausted by May.

The increase would allow the FmHA to meet remaining demand for the rest of the
fiscal year, which runs through September.

The Federal National Mortgage Association buys FmHA guaranteed rural housing
loans under three different servicing options, offering liquidity to
participating lenders.

Currently, Fannie Mae is taking about $ s million- $ 5 million each week from
lenders who originate the loans, according to Herb Moses, assistant director for
product initiatives at Fannie Mae.

To date, Fannie Mae has generated about $ 350 million in commitments to purchase
FmHA guaranteed rural housing loans.

Mr. Moses said the program has become a successful partnership between the
public and private sectors.

"Many of our lenders were very excited to see the increase," he said.

Fannie Mae buys loans from 150 lenders.  In addition, Chemical Residential
Mortgage Corporation, Deerfield Beach, Fla., and PHH US Mortgage, Cherry Hill,
N.J., deal with smaller, correspondent lenders who want to sell FmHA rural
housing loans.

President Clinton also is following in the footsteps of his Republican
predecessors by reducing the FmHA's direct farm lending programs in favor of
guaranteed lending.

The Clinton administration has proposed a 35% cut in FmHA direct farm loans, to
be replaced with subsidized guaranteed lending.

The FmHA has been gradually shifting direct loan resources to the guaranteed
loan program for several years.

Under the guarantee program, private lenders originate loans for qualified FmHA
borrowers and the government guarantees them.

Generally, the FmHA guarantees up to 90% of the loan amount.

According to an administration budget summary, the current low interest rate
climate allows the FmHA to serve needy farm borrowers at lower cost using the
guarantee program.

The government hopes to save $ 30 million over four years by switching 25% of
the direct lending authority into guaranteed lending.

The Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation currently pools guaranteed FmHA
loans and securitizes them, offering lenders a source of liquidity for FmHA farm
loans.

The administration also proposes eliminating the loan subsidy most borrowers
receive through the Rural Electrification Administration.  The change will save
an estimated $ 374 million over four years.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 National Thrift News, Inc.


                              55 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 15, 2012 Saturday

Farm Service Agency conservation loans available

BYLINE: Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 238 words


Dec. 15--SPRINGFIELD -- Funds are now available for Guaranteed Conservation
Loans through the Illinois Farm Service Agency.

Conservation loans allow farmers and ranchers to implement conservation
practices on their land that will help protect natural resources.

The loans are not limited to family size farms. Operators who may not normally
qualify for an FSA guaranteed farm operating or ownership loan could be eligible
for a Guaranteed Conservation Loan.

The loan limit is $1,302,000, and interest rates and terms will vary. The
maximum guarantee FSA can issue is 75 percent.

The loans are an alternative to help operators implement any Natural Resources
Conservation Service approved conservation practice.

A streamlined application process is available for applicants with a strong
financial position. The process reduces paperwork requirements and eliminates
the requirement to provide a cash flow statement and supplementary
documentation.

Interested applicants who do not already have a conservation plan approved by
the NRCS should work with their local NRCS staff to develop one.

As with other guarantees, lenders can reduce risk, increase liquidity and offer
lower rates by selling the guaranteed portion in the secondary market.

For more information, call a local FSA office.

___ (c)2012 the Daily Gazette (Sterling, Ill.) Visit the Daily Gazette
(Sterling, Ill.) at www.saukvalley.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121215-YG-Farm-Service-Agency-conservation-loans
-available-1215-20121215

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2012 Daily Gazette


                              56 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Chronicle (Centralia, Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 22, 2013 Tuesday

Farm Service Agency Allocates Funds for Minorities and Women

BYLINE: The Chronicle, Centralia, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 264 words


Oct. 22--The U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency on Monday
announced it has set aside a portion of its farm loan program funds specifically
for minority and women producers.

"While FSA farm loans are available to all qualified applicants, by setting
aside funds specifically for minorities and women, it ensures that they will
receive a portion of available funds," State Executive Director Judy Olson said.

According to the Department of Agriculture, loan funds can be used to purchase
farms, livestock and equipment. They also may be used to operate the farm, build
or repair farm buildings, pay for soil and water conservation practices, and in
some cases, refinance debts.

FSA offers both direct and guaranteed loans

For direct loans made by FSA to purchase a farm, the terms may extend to 40
years with a current interest rate of 4.125 percent.

Special programs are available for participation with a commercial lender.

For rates and terms and down-payment requirements, contact the local FSA office.

Direct operating loans may be made for one to seven years with a current
interest rate of 1.875 percent, which is subject to change.

The FSA guaranteed loans are made by banks or other lenders for which FSA
guarantees up to 90 percent of any loss.

The guaranteed loan program includes both operating and real estate loan
programs.

For additional information, contact Jeff Peterson, senior farm loan officer, at
(360) 748-0083, ext. 2

___ (c)2013 The Chronicle (Centralia, Wash.) Visit The Chronicle (Centralia,
Wash.) at www.chronline.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131022-1CE-Farm
-Service-Agency-Allocates-Funds-for-Minorities-and-Women-1022-20131022

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CE


                          Copyright 2013 The Chronicle


                              57 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Chronicle (Centralia, Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 21, 2013 Monday

Farm Service Agency Allocates Funds for Minorities and Women

BYLINE: The Chronicle, Centralia, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 264 words


Oct. 21--The U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency on Monday
announced it has set aside a portion of its farm loan program funds specifically
for minority and women producers.

"While FSA farm loans are available to all qualified applicants, by setting
aside funds specifically for minorities and women, it ensures that they will
receive a portion of available funds," State Executive Director Judy Olson said.

According to the Department of Agriculture, loan funds can be used to purchase
farms, livestock and equipment. They also may be used to operate the farm, build
or repair farm buildings, pay for soil and water conservation practices, and in
some cases, refinance debts.

FSA offers both direct and guaranteed loans

For direct loans made by FSA to purchase a farm, the terms may extend to 40
years with a current interest rate of 4.125 percent.

Special programs are available for participation with a commercial lender.

For rates and terms and down-payment requirements, contact the local FSA office.

Direct operating loans may be made for one to seven years with a current
interest rate of 1.875 percent, which is subject to change.

The FSA guaranteed loans are made by banks or other lenders for which FSA
guarantees up to 90 percent of any loss.

The guaranteed loan program includes both operating and real estate loan
programs.

For additional information, contact Jeff Peterson, senior farm loan officer, at
(360) 748-0083, ext. 2

___ (c)2013 The Chronicle (Centralia, Wash.) Visit The Chronicle (Centralia,
Wash.) at www.chronline.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131021-1CE-Farm
-Service-Agency-Allocates-Funds-for-Minorities-and-Women-1021-20131021

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CE


                          Copyright 2013 The Chronicle


                              58 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 20, 2017 Friday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals:
Guaranteed Farm Loan Program

LENGTH: 869  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Farm Service Agency
(FSA)



  Action



 Notice; request for comment.

 Summary



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the Farm Service Agency
(FSA) is requesting comments from all interested individuals and organizations
on an extension with a revision of a currently approved information collection
associated with the Guaranteed Farm Loan Program. The collected information is
needed to make and service loans guaranteed by FSA to eligible farmers and
ranchers by commercial lenders and nontraditional lenders. FSA is also
requesting approval to merge the information collection for the EZ Guarantee
Program and the Micro Lender Program (MLP) (0560-0288) into the Guaranteed Farm
Loan Program.



 Dates



 We will consider comments that we receive by March 20, 2017.

 Addresses



 We invite you to submit comments on this notice. In your comments, include
date, volume, and page number of this issue of the Federal Register. You may
submit comments by any of the following methods:



     Federal eRulemaking Portal: Go to: www.regulations.gov. Follow the online
instructions for submitting comments.

     Mail: Trent Rogers, Senior Loan Specialist, USDA, FSA, Stop 0522, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250.



 You may also send comments to the Desk Officer for Agriculture, Office of
Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget, Washington,
DC 20503. Copies of the information collection may be requested by contacting
Trent Rogers at the above addresses.

 For Further Information Contact



 Trent Rogers, Senior Loan Specialist, (202) 720-3889.

 Supplementary Information

 Description of Information Collection



 Title: Guaranteed Farm Loans.



 OMB Number: 0560-0155.



 Expiration Date of Approval: 05/31/2017.



 Type of Request: Extension with a revision.



 Abstract: This information collection is needed to effectively administer the
FSA guaranteed farm loan programs. The information is collected by the FSA loan
official in consultation with participating lenders. The basic objective of the
guaranteed loan program is to provide credit to applicants who are unable to
obtain credit from lending institutions without a guarantee. The reporting
requirements imposed on the public by the regulations at 7 CFR part 762 and 763
are necessary to administer the guaranteed loan program in accordance with
statutory requirements of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act and
are consistent with commonly performed lending practices. Collection of
information after loans are made is necessary to protect the Government's
financial interest.



 The estimated total annual burden hours are amended due to the EZ Guarantee
Program and the Micro Lender Program (MLP), which reduced the information
collection requirements. Therefore, the burden hours are being provided
currently in this request for OMB approval. The annual responses have been
reduced by 23,764 while the burden hours reduced by 33,340 hours in the request.




 For the following estimated total annual burden on respondents, the formula
used to calculate the total burden hours is the estimated average time per
responses multiplied by the estimated total annual of responses.



 Estimate of Average Time to Respond: Public reporting burden for collecting
information under this notice is estimated to average 0.9989 minutes per
response, including the time for reviewing instructions, searching existing data
sources, gathering and maintaining the data needed, and completing and reviewing
the collection of information. The average travel time, which is included in the
total annual burden, is estimated to be 1 hour per respondent.



 Type of Respondents: Businesses or other for-profits and Farms.



 Estimated Number of Respondents: 14,585.



 Estimated Average Number of Responses Per Respondent: 15.308.



 Estimated Total Annual Responses: 220,213.



 Estimated Average Time per Response: 0.9989.



 Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 220,213 hours.



 We are requesting comments on all aspects of this information collection to
help us to:



 (1) Evaluate whether the proposed collection of information is necessary for
the proper performance of the functions of the agency, including whether the
information will have practical utility;



 (2) Evaluate the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden of the collection
of information including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used;



 (3) Evaluate the quality, utility and clarity of the information technology;
and



 (4) Minimize the burden of the information collection on those who respond
through the use of appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other
technological collection techniques or other forms of information technology.



 All comments received in response to this notice, including names and addresses
where provided, will be made a matter of public record. Comments will be
summarized and included in the request for OMB approval.

 Val Dolcini,

 Administrator, Farm Service Agency.

 [FR Doc. 2017-01072 Filed 1-18-17; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-05-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2013 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                       GlobalData - Business Description

                                August 17, 2013

                   Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation

                          1999 K Street NW, 4th Floor
                             Washington,  DC 20006
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW

   Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation (Farmer Mac) is a stockholder-owned
and publicly-traded company. The corporation is an institution of the Farm
Credit System, which is composed of the banks, associations and related
entities, and is regulated by the Farm Credit Administration. It represents
secondary market activities to provide agricultural real estate, rural housing
mortgage loans and to increase the accessibility of long-term credit at stable
interest rates. It serves America's farmers, ranchers, rural homeowners,
businesses and communities.

   The corporation's secondary market activities include purchasing eligible
loans directly from lenders; providing advances against eligible loans by
purchasing obligations secured by those loans; securitizing assets and
guaranteeing the payment of principal and interest on the resulting securities
that represent interests in, or obligations secured by, pools of eligible loans;
and issuing long-term standby purchase commitments ("LTSPCs") for eligible
loans.

   It carries out its secondary market business activities through three
programs, namely, Farmer Mac I (Farm & Ranch), Farmer Mac II (USDA Guarantees),
and Rural Utilities Loans.

   Farmer Mac through its Farmer Mac I program offers long-term fixed rates to
their farm and ranch customers. It purchases or commits to purchase eligible
mortgage loans secured by first liens on agricultural real estate. Farmer Mac I
Sellers also have access to the Long-Term Standby Purchase Commitment (LTSPC)
and AgVantage products. Its products include adjustable rates and variable rates
(whose pricing adjusts over time) as well as products where the rate is fixed as
long as 25 years. As of December 31, 2012, outstanding Farmer Mac I loans held
by Farmer Mac and loans that either backed Farmer Mac I Guaranteed Securities or
were subject to LTSPCs in the Farmer Mac I program totaled USD 9.1 billion.

   The corporation conducts Farmer Mac II program through its subsidiary Farmer
Mac II LLC. It purchases the portions of loans guaranteed by the US Department
of Agriculture (USDA) and guarantees securities backed by those USDA-guaranteed
portions (Farmer Mac II Guaranteed Securities). The corporation affords lenders
ready access to competitively-priced funding. It purchases the guaranteed
portions of loans guaranteed by the United States Department of Agriculture
(USDA) under the programs such as Farm Service Agency (Farm Ownership and Term
Operating), Rural Development Community Facilities, and Rural Development
Business and Industry. As of December 31, 2012, outstanding USDA Guaranteed
Securities and Farmer Mac II Guaranteed Securities totaled USD 1.6 billion.

   Its authorized activities through its Rural Utilities line are similar to
those conducted under the Farm & Ranch line of business such as purchases of and
guarantees of securities (Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities â[#x20ac]" Rural
Utilities) backed by, and eligible rural utilities loans. As of December 31,
2012, the aggregate outstanding principal balance of rural utilities loans held
and Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities was USD 2.3 billion.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Overview
Company Statement                       Financial Ratios
History                                 Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2013


                              60 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Turtle Mountain Star (Rolla, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 5, 2011

Loans available for socially disadvantaged applicants

BYLINE: Turtle Mountain Star staff

LENGTH: 240  words


The Farm Service Agency can make direct and guaranteed loans to socially
disadvantaged applicants to buy and operate family-sized farms and ranches.
Funds for these loans are reserved each year.

A socially disadvantaged applicant is one of a group whose members have been
subjected to racial, ethnic or gender prejudice because of his or her identity
as members of the group without regard to his or her individual qualities. For
purposes of this program, socially disadvantaged groups are women, African
Americans, American Indians, Alaskan Natives, Hispanics, Asian Americans and
Pacific Islanders.

Direct loans may be made to applicants by FSA for both farm operating and farm
ownership loans. Guaranteed farm loans also may be made for ownership or
operating purposes, and may be made by any lending institution subject to
federal or state supervision (e.g., banks and units of the Farm Credit System)
and guaranteed by FSA. FSA typically guarantees 90 to 95 percent of a loan
against any loss that might be incurred if the loan fails.

Persons who are primarily and directly engaged in farming and ranching on
family-size operations may apply.

Socially disadvantaged loan applicants do not receive automatic approval.
Individual applicants under this program must meet all requirements for FSAs
regular farm loan program assistance.

Contact the Bottineau County FSA Office Farm Loan Program staff or USDA Service
Center for more information.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TUR

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2011 Turtle Mountain Star


                              61 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cheney Free Press (Washington)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 17, 2014

Farm Service Agency allocates funds for minorities and women

BYLINE: Cheney Free Press staff

LENGTH: 245  words


SPOKANE - The U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has a portion
of its farm loan program funds specifically allocated for minority and women
producers.

Loan funds can be used to purchase farms, livestock and equipment.They may also
be used to operate the farm, build or repair farm service buildings, pay for
soil and water conservation practices and in some cases refinance debt. FSA
offers both direct and guaranteed loans.

"While FSA farm loans are available to all qualified applicants, by setting
aside funds specifically for minorities and women, it ensures that they will
receive a portion of available funds," FSA Washington state executive director
Judy Olson said in a news release.

For direct loans made by FSA to purchase a farm, the terms may extend to 40
years with a current interest rate of 4 percent. Special programs are available
for participation with a commercial lender. For rates and terms and down payment
re-quirements, contact the local FSA office.

Direct operating loans may be made for 1-7 years with a current interest rate of
2 percent, which is subject to change.

The FSA guaranteed loans are made by banks or other lenders for which FSA
guarantees up to 90 percent of any loss. The guaranteed loan program includes
both operating and real estate loan programs.

For additional information contact Houston Brack, FSA farm loan manager at
509-924-7350 or the FSA office in Spokane, 8815 E. Mission Ave., Suite B,
Spokane Valley WA 99212.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CFP

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2014 Cheney Free Press


                              62 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Monroe County Appeal (Paris, Missouri)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 23, 2011

FSA targets funds for socially disadvantaged farmers

BYLINE: Monroe County Appeal staff

LENGTH: 401  words


Jackie L. Stroupe, Acting Farm Loan Manager of the USDA Farm Service Agency for
Marion, Monroe, Ralls and Shelby counties, announced the availability of farm
operating and farm ownership loans for women and members of minority groups who
want to purchase or operate a family-size farm.

"Each year, the Farm Service Agency earmarks a portion of its farm loan funding
for socially disadvantaged applicants, people who have been subjected to racial,
ethnic or gender inequality without regard to their individual qualities,"
Stroupe said. Socially disadvantaged applicants may be women, African Americans,
American Indians, Hispanics, Asian and Pacific Islanders and Alaskan Natives.

Stroupe said that while funding is earmarked for loans to socially disadvantaged
applicants, loan approval is neither automatic nor guaranteed.

"Socially disadvantaged applicants must meet the same eligibility criteria as
other applicants," Stroupe said.

Applicants must be U.S. citizens; have a satisfactory history of meeting credit
obligations; have sufficient education, training or experience managing or
operating a farm; possess legal capacity to incur debt; and be unable to obtain
credit elsewhere.

The agency can make direct loans to applicants who are unable to get commercial
credit or provide loan guarantees to commercial lenders.

Guaranteed loans may be made by any lending institution subject to Federal or
state supervision (banks, savings and loans, and units of the Farm Credit
System). FSA typically guarantees 90 or 95 percent of the loan against any loss
that might be incurred if the loan fails.

Applicants can use operating loans to purchase livestock, equipment, feed, seed
or pay other business related expenses. Operating loans are usually repaid in
one to seven years.

Ownership loans provide capital to purchase or enlarge a farm, construct or
improve buildings, promote soil and water conservation and pay closing costs.
Direct ownership loan terms are up to 40 years while guaranteed loan terms are
established by the lender.

Qualified applicants receive information and assistance to develop sound
management practices, analyze problems and utilize available resources essential
for successful farming operations to cope with the changing agricultural
environment. .

To learn more about FSA Farm Loan programs, contact your local Farm Service
Agency at (660) 327-4137 or visit online at www.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCA

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2011 Monroe County Appeal


                              63 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Western Kansas World (Wakeeny, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 4, 2010

FSA Targets Funds for Socially Disadvantaged Farmers

BYLINE: Western Kansas World staff

LENGTH: 385  words


Randal Thiel, Farm Loan Manager of the USDA Farm Service Agency for Graham,
Ellis, Rooks, Sheridan and Trego counties, announced the availability of farm
operating and farm ownership loans for women and members of minority groups who
want to purchase or operate a family-size farm.

"Each year, the Farm Service Agency earmarks a portion of its farm loan funding
for socially disadvantaged applicants, people who have been subjected to racial,
ethnic or gender inequality without regard to their individual qualities.
Socially disadvantaged applicants may be women, African Americans, American
Indians, Hispanics, Asian and Pacific Islanders and Alaskan Natives.

While funding is earmarked for loans to socially disadvantaged applicants, loan
approval is neither automatic nor guaranteed. Socially disadvantaged applicants
must meet the same eligibility criteria as other applicants. Applicants must be
U.S citizens; have a satisfactory history of meeting credit obligations; have
sufficient education, training or experience managing or operating a farm;
possess legal capacity to incur debt; and, be unable to obtain credit elsewhere.

The agency can make direct loans to applicants who are unable to get commercial
credit or provide loan guarantees to commercial lenders. Guaranteed loans may be
made by any lending institution subject to Federal or state supervision (banks,
savings and loans, and units of the Farm Credit System). FSA typically
guarantees 90 or 95 percent of the loan against any loss that might be incurred
if the loan fails.

Applicants can use operating loans to purchase livestock, equipment, feed, seed
or pay other business related expenses. Operating loans are usually repaid in
one to seven years. Ownership loans provide capital to purchase or enlarge a
farm, construct or improve buildings, promote soil and water conservation and
pay closing costs. Direct ownership loan terms are up to 40 years while
guaranteed loan terms are established by the lender.

Qualified applicants receive information and assistance to develop sound
management practices, analyze problems and utilize available resources essential
for successful farming operations to cope with the changing agricultural
environment.

For more information, contact your local Farm Service Agency at the county USDA
Service Center.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WKW

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2010 Western Kansas World


                              64 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                October 19, 1992

Legislation Will Create FmHA Beginning Farmer Program

SECTION: FARM AND RURAL MORTGAGES; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 701 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Congress has passed legislation that will create a Farmers Home Administration
program to help beginning farmers buy farms and ranches.

Principal support came from the House where Reps. Tim Penny, D., Minn., and
Glenn English, D., Okla., have long been sponsoring beginning farmer and farm
credit legislation.

The Senate finally passed the legislation in the waning hours of the legislative
session that recently ended.

Several unrelated filibusters threatened to leave the Senate with too little
time to address the bill, however.

The legislation will help beginning farmers obtain downpayment, farm ownership
and farm operating loans with the help of FmHA.

The Administration had supported the bill, and President Bush was expected to
sign the measure.

Downpayment loans of up to 30% of the property's purchase price will help
beginning farmers qualify for the rest of the long-term financing needed to make
a purchase.

Under the legislation, the interest rate on the downpayment loans will be 4%.
The program is limited to properties with a purchase price of no more than $
250,000.

Participation in the direct loan program will be limited to ten years and in the
guaranteed loan program to 15 years.

The bill requires recipients to develop financial plans that will help them make
the transition to fully commercial credit.

The legislation also includes provisions to streamline FmHA approval for
guaranteed loans.

In fiscal 1991, FmHA guaranteed $ 365 million in farm ownership loans and $ 1
billion in farm operating loans made by commercial lenders.

Congress had authorized almost $ 2 billion in guaranteed operating loans and $
490 million in guaranteed ownership loans in fiscal 1992, although FmHA did not
use the full amount appropriated.

As an incentive to encourage interest in the FmHA guaranteed loan program, the
bill includes a provision that directs FmHA to simplify the paperwork on loans
of less than $ 50,000.

Ron Ence, director of agricultural and rural affairs for the Independent Bankers
Association of America said that if the bill's streamlining provisions work, it
will encourage more lenders to use the program.

"I think it will make participation a lot less painful.  One of the purpose of
this bill is to reduce the red tape and the amount of delays," he said.

The legislation also calls for FmHA to develop a program for "certified lenders"
who would be able to obtain expedited loan guarantees covering 80% of eligible
loan amounts.

However, Mr. Ence said many lenders may lack interest in the certified lender
program as envisioned in the final legislation.

In FmHA's current guarantee program, lenders receive a 90% guarantee on the
loans they make.

The certified lender program does not provide enough incentive for lenders to
accept the guarantee reduction to 80%, he said.

"I just don't see bankers lining up to sign up for this new program," he said.

The lenders will still have to get approval from FmHA before attaching a
guarantee to a loan under the program,he said.

The bill also eases the FmHA's debt service margin requirement.

Under the new bill, a borrower may qualify for a FmHA guarantee as long as his
or her income is sufficient to make principal and interest payments, to cover
their family living expenses, and to pay off all other obligations.

The bill also will try to create partnerships between the Federal and state
programs designed to serve beginning farmers.

The legislation will not provide any new money for the beginning farmer program,
however.

Because of tight budget constraints, the bill directs money from FmHA's existing
budget to be earmarked for the new beginning farmer programs.

Supporters of the legislation have long said that barriers to purchasing a farm
are preventing many potential young farmers from entering the business.

In recent years, the farm population has grown older, and in many states the
average farm owner is nearly 60 years old.

"It was critical that we got this through this session because young farmers
need this kind of assistance as soon as possible," Rep. Penny said in a
statement.

"This will enable the new generation to carry on their family farming
tradition."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 National Thrift News, Inc.


                              65 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Ottawa Herald (Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 17, 2010 Wednesday

Farm loans open for women, minorities

BYLINE: The Ottawa Herald, Kan.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 506 words


Mar. 17--Farm operating and farm ownership loans now are available for women and
members of minority groups who want to purchase or operate a family-sized farm.

Applicants can use operating loans to purchase livestock, equipment, feed, seed
or pay other business-related expenses. Operating loans usually are repaid in
one to seven years.

Ownership loans provide capital to purchase or enlarge a farm, construct or
improve buildings, promote soil and water conservation and pay closing costs.
Direct ownership loan terms are up to 40 years, while guaranteed loan terms are
established by the lender.

Qualified applicants receive information and assistance to develop sound
management practices, analyze problems and utilize available resources essential
for successful farming operations to cope with the changing agricultural
environment.

"Each year, the Farm Service Agency earmarks a portion of its farm loan funding
for socially disadvantaged applicants, people who have been subjected to racial,
ethnic or gender inequality without regard to their individual qualities," Stacy
Kull said. She is the farm loan manager of the USDA Farm Service Agency for
Anderson, Coffey, Douglas, Franklin, Johnson, Linn, Miami, Osage and Shawnee
counties.

Socially disadvantaged applicants may be women, African-Americans, American
Indians, Hispanics, Asian and Pacific Islanders and Alaskan Natives.

Kull said that while funding is earmarked for loans to socially disadvantaged
applicants, loan approval is neither automatic nor guaranteed.

"Socially disadvantaged applicants must meet the same eligibility criteria as
other applicants," Kull said.

Applicants must be U.S citizens, have a satisfactory history of meeting credit
obligations, have sufficient education, training or experience managing or
operating a farm, possess legal capacity to incur debt and be unable to obtain
credit elsewhere.

The agency can make direct loans to applicants who are unable to get commercial
credit or provide loan guarantees to commercial lenders.

Guaranteed loans may be made by any lending institution subject to federal or
state supervision (banks, savings and loans and units of the Farm Credit
System). FSA typically guarantees 90 or 95 percent of the loan against any loss
that might be incurred if the loan fails.

In fiscal year 2009, Kansas obligated $8,568,210 for a total of 132 loans to
qualified farmers under the Socially Disadvantaged Persons Loan Program.  It
also obligated $54,133,329 for a total of 539 loans to qualified farmers under
the Beginning Farmer Program, Kull said.

For more information, call Julie Hibdon at (785) 242-3527 ext. 38.

To see more of The Ottawa Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ottawaherald.com Copyright (c) 2010, The Ottawa Herald, Kan.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100317-IQ-Farm-loans-open-for-women-minorities-0317

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IQ


                        Copyright 2010 The Ottawa Herald


                              66 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 7, 2013 Wednesday

Information Collection; Guaranteed Farm Loan Program

LENGTH: 712  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Notice; Request For Comment.
Summary

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the Farm Service Agency
(FSA) is seeking comments from all interested individuals and organizations on
the extension and revision of a currently approved information collection
associated with the Guaranteed Farm Loan Program. This information collection is
used to make and service loans guaranteed by FSA to eligible farmers and
ranchers.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Description of Information Collection

DATES: Back to Top

We will consider comments that we receive by October 7, 2013.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

We invite you to submit comments on this notice. In your comments, include date,
volume, and page number of this issue of the Federal Register. You may submit
comments by any of the following methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal: Go to: www.regulations.gov. Follow the online
instructions for submitting comments.
    Mail: Trent Rogers, Senior Loan Specialist, USDA, FSA, Stop 0522, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250.

You may also send comments to the Desk Officer for Agriculture, Office of
Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget, Washington,
DC 20503. Copies of the information collection may be requested by contacting
Trent Rogers at the above addresses.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Trent Rogers, Senior Loan Specialist, (202) 720-3889.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top
Description of Information Collection Back to Top

Title: Guaranteed Farm Loans.

OMB Number: 0560-0155.

Expiration Date of Approval: 01/31/2014.

Type of Request: Extension with revision.

Abstract: This information collected under OMB Number 0560-0155 is needed to
effectively administer the FSA guaranteed farm loan programs. The information is
collected by the FSA loan official in consultation with participating commercial
lenders. The basic objective of the guaranteed loan program is to provide credit
to applicants who are unable to obtain credit from lending institutions without
a guarantee. The reporting requirements imposed on the public by the regulations
at 7 CFR part 762 are necessary to administer the guaranteed loan program in
accordance with statutory requirements of the Consolidated Farm and Rural
Development Act and are consistent with commonly performed lending practices.
Collection of information after loans are made is necessary to protect the
Government's financial interest. The revision to the information reflects that
the burden hours have decreased due to less usage of interest assistance
agreement form because FSA does not have funding for the interest assistance
program.

Estimate of Average Time to respond: 62.2 minutes per response. The average
travel time, which is included in the total annual burden, is estimated to be 1
hour per respondent.

Type of Respondents: Farmers and ranchers.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 16,100.

Estimated Number of Report Filed per Respondent: 15.1.

Estimated Total Annual Number of Responses: 243,834.

Estimated Total Annual Burden Hours: 252,939.

We are requesting comments on all aspects of this information collection to help
us to:

(1) Evaluate whether the collection of information is necessary for the proper
performance of the functions of FSA, including whether the information will have
practical utility;

(2) Evaluate the accuracy of FSA's estimate of burden including the validity of
the methodology and assumptions used;

(3) Enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be
collected; and

(4) Minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to
respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology.

All responses to this notice, including name and addresses when provided, will
be summarized and included in the request for OMB approval. All comments will
also become a matter of public record.

Signed on July 26, 2013.

Juan M. Garcia,

Administrator, Farm Service Agency.

For more information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Wirt County Journal (Elizabeth, West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 26, 2014

FSA offers farm loans

BYLINE: Wirt County Journal staff

LENGTH: 208  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency makes and guarantees
loans to family farmers to promote, build and sustain family farms in support of
a thriving agricultural economy.

Some farmers obtain their credit needs through the use of loan guarantees. Under
a guaranteed loan, a commercial lender makes and services the loan, and FSA
guarantees it against loss up to a maximum of 90 percent in most cases.

Also, FSA makes direct loans for farm ownership or operating expenses.

Farm Ownership Loans. In general, farm ownership loans may be used to purchase a
farm, enlarge an existing farm, and construct farm buildings.

The maximum repayment term is 40 years for both direct and guaranteed farm
ownership loans.

Farm Operating Loans. Operating loans can be used for normal operating expenses,
machinery and equipment, real estate repairs, and refinancing debt. The
repayment term may vary, but typically it will not exceed seven years for
intermediate-term purposes. Annual operating loans are generally repaid within
12 months or when the commodities are sold.

For additional information about FSA loan programs contact the Mill Run Farm
Service Agency office at 91 Boyles Lane, Parkersburg. The Farm Loan staff can be
reached at 304.422.9072.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WRT

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 Wirt County Journal


                              68 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Farm Agency Lost $1.1 Billion on Direct Loans Last Year

                            March 5, 1997, Wednesday

Dean Anason

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Department of Agriculture lost $1.1 billion on direct loans made by the Farm
Service Agency last year, according to a General Accounting Office report
released Tuesday.

The Farm Service Agency, which provides credit to farmers and ranchers who
cannot obtain funds at reasonable rates elsewhere, makes direct loans as well as
government-guaranteed loans through commercial lenders. The agency lost $42
million on guaranteed loans, the GAO said.

As of Sept. 30, delinquent borrowers held $3.6 billion, or 34%, of the farm
agency's outstanding principal on direct loans. That was down from about $4.6
billion, or 41%, in the previous year, the report said.

Just more than half of agency's losses on direct loans came from borrowers in
four states: California, Mississippi, Texas, and Louisiana.

Some $280 million, or 4.4%, of the guaranteed loans were delinquent last year,
up from $218 million, or 3.7%, in 1995. Borrowers from two states, Louisiana and
Oklahoma, caused the highest losses on guaranteed loans.

The GAO, the investigative arm of Congress, noted that the Federal Agriculture
Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 modified or eliminated risky Farm Service
Agency lending policies, but the changes have not had enough time to take
effect.

"However, we believe that they should go a long way to reducing the risk
associated with the farm loan programs and to improving their operations," the
GAO said.

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 238 words

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 American Banker, Inc.


                              69 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            January 10, 2000 Monday
                                  City Edition

Ag briefs

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 527 words


DECEMBER AG PRICES SHOW GRAIN SLUMP

Mid-December measures of agricultural prices by the Nebraska Agricultural
Statistics Service show evidence of a continued slump from a year ago in grain
categories.

The average corn price received by the state's farmers stood at $1.70 a bushel,
down from $1.92 in December 1998. The average wheat price was down 72 cents to
$2. The average grain sorghum price was down 31 cents to $2.65. Soybeans were
down 98 cents to $4.20.

On the livestock side, average prices for market hogs were at 36 cents a pound,
compared to 18.8 cents a year ago. Market beef cattle were at 69.6 cents, up
from 60.6 cents last year. The milk price was at $12 a hundredweight, down from
$18 a year earlier.

FSA LOANS UP ABOUT $208 MILLION

The federal government's Farm Service Agency had a big year in Nebraska in
fiscal 1999 in its direct and guaranteed ownership and operating loans.

The overall total of money obligated for the year that ended Sept. 30 was about
$208 million. More than 1,900 loans were issued, up from about 1,130 the
previous fiscal year.

A breakdown of that total for the entire Farm Loan Program includes: $36.3
million in direct operating loans; $10.5 million in direct farm ownership loans;
$67.6 million in guaranteed operating loans; $49.5 million in the guaranteed
operating loans that carry an interest subsidy; and $42.7 million in guaranteed
farm ownership loans.

IBP DONATES $250,000 TO FOUNDATION

IBP, the world's largest processor of red meat, has donated $250,000 to the
American Meat Institute Foundation for use in a multiyear food safety
initiative.

The objective is to find and eventually eliminate dangerous bacteria from meat
products.

The nonprofit foundation has gathered $5 million so far for use by government,
university and private researchers over the next two years.

IBP also donated $150,000 in 1999 to the institute for a food safety education
program.

AG MARKETING PROGRAM TO AIR

Agricultural producers looking for the latest information on market news will
want to tune into a free weekly University of Nebraska Cooperative Extension
Internet and satellite program beginning this week.

"What's Shaping the Market This Week" runs Wednesdays through April 26. It will
be videostreamed live on the extension's Rural Routes Web site at
ruralroutes.unl.edu. The Institute of Agriculture and Natural Resources program
also will be transmitted to several extension offices across the state via
satellite.

Jim Kendrick is a nationally known NU agricultural economist who has taught
distance marketing classes three times a week since 1991. His audience members
have an edge in the agricultural industry and include producers in more than 35
states.

On ruralroutes.unl.edu and at downlink sites, viewers may call in toll-free at
(800) 755-7765, fax or e-mail Kendrick during the live program from 3 to 4 p.m.
CST. The Web site also will feature an archive that allows producers to view the
show anytime during the week.

To view the program via the Internet, participants should have a Pentium or
Power PC computer with a 56K modem and video and audio capacity. Videostreaming
software can be downloaded free at the Web site.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2000 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                            March 16, 2002 Saturday

USDA grants Farm Credit Services preferred lender status

BYLINE: CHARLYN FARGO AGRIBUSINESS EDITOR

SECTION: MARKETPLACE; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 431 words


Farm Credit Services of Illinois has been granted preferred lender status for
the U.S. Department of Agriculture's guaranteed farm loan programs. That means
farmers can spend less time filling out loan applications.

"This gives us added ability and flexibility to work with young, beginning and
smaller farmers," said Ron Frenn, president and CEO of Farm Credit Services of
Illinois. The announcement was made Friday at the Central Illinois Ag Day
Breakfast by state Farm Service Agency director Bill Graff.

The new Preferred Lending Program is for elite agricultural lenders who have
experience with USDA guaranteed loans. The department reviews and approves a
lender's credit-management system. Then the lender originates and services the
loans.

USDA guaranteed loans allow lenders to begin or continue serving farmers who
cannot be dealt with on a conventional basis.

Farm Credit has been a partner in the FSA guaranteed loan program for several
years, Frenn said.

"To qualify, you have to have made 20 loans in the past five years," he said.
"We made 500."

The designation has been given to 16 lenders operating in the state, 10 of which
are dedicated to Illinois.

"What it means is that FSA will accept our lending process for a farmer's loan
instead of their own," Frenn said. "We have a one-page application that we send
to the FSA office, and approval is automatic if USDA doesn't respond within 14
days of receiving the completed application."

The program is designed to help young farmers get into farming. To qualify,
farmers must be under 35 years of age, or, to qualify as a small farmer, have
less than $250,000 in gross farm income. Beginning farmers must have been in the
business 10 years or fewer.

"In the past, it's been almost impossible for young farmers to get a start in
agriculture," Frenn said. "We're hoping this helps change that. We have relaxed
equity standards and a much lower interest rate."

Frenn considers the overall financial health of Illinois farmers to be "pretty
good."

"There are pockets of Illinois farmers who had a tough year last year because of
dry weather, particularly Macon County and Champaign County," he said. "But
everywhere else, even in the southern part of the state, farmers had good years.
Overall, farmers' credit is strong, land values are strong, and cash rents
haven't dropped."

He's amazed at the number of buyers for farmland.

"You're seeing a lot more farmers buy land rather than investors," Frenn said.
"The last two or three years, it's been about 50-50. Now it's more 60-40,
farmers."

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LOCAL

                   Copyright 2002 The State Journal-Register


                              71 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            April 19, 2006 Wednesday

Farm Service Fee Proposal Alarms Lawmakers

BYLINE: Ben Jackson

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 5 Vol. 171 No. 74

LENGTH: 777  words


Encouraged by bankers, some Farm Belt legislators are blasting the

President's plan to fund the Farm Service Agency with user fees, arguing that

it would only jack up loan costs for borrowers who can least afford it.

Rep. Jerry Moran, R-Kan., sent a letter Monday to his House colleagues

asking them to sign a letter to Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns opposing a

proposal in the Bush administration's fiscal 2007 budget to fund the Farm

Service Agency's loan programs with user fees instead of a congressional

appropriation. Eight senators signed a similar letter sent to Mr. Johanns

last week.

"If an administration user fee proposal goes through, farmers

participating in the Farm Service Agency guaranteed farm loan program could

see their costs for credit rise by three, four, or five times what they are

today," Rep. Moran wrote.

The Farm Service Agency, a division of the Department of Agriculture,

runs programs designed to help keep farm income stable, help farmers conserve

land and water resources, provide credit to new or disadvantaged farmers and

ranchers, and help farmers recover from disasters.

The program of most interest to bankers is the guaranteed loan program,

which covers up to 95% of the loss of principal on farm loans. Through April

5, the agency had guaranteed $473 million of farm ownership loans and $526

million in operating loans this fiscal year, which began Oct. 1.

Over all, the Farm Service Agency plans to guarantee about $3.4 billion

of loans next fiscal year. It is seeking a budget of $113 million to support

its lending authority, versus the $150 million it requested for this fiscal

year; it would fill the gap by increasing user fees.

Teresa Lasseter, the administrator of the Farm Service Agency, said that

all government agencies not related to defense have been asked to find ways

to trim their budgets. Her agency has proposed increasing the origination

costs on farm mortgages and operating loans from 1% to 1.5% of the loan

amount. It has also proposed adding a 75-basis-point annual continuation fee

to operating loans.

"We hesitate to increase any of our fees, but in times of tight budgets

we are looking anywhere for a place to save the taxpayers a dollar and still

provide services," she said.

The fee increase would bring the agency's loan fees in line with those

the Small Business Administration charges for guaranteeing loans, Ms.

Lasseter said. Over the protests of many borrowers, lenders, and lawmakers,

the SBA raised its fees in 2004 to replace a $100 million congressional

appropriation. The fee hike did not drive borrowers away, as many predicted;

the SBA guaranteed a record $18.9 billion in the fiscal year.

But Michael Jorgensen, the president of the $33 million-asset Nebraska

State Bank in Oshkosh, said that even though many small-business owners can

simply pass fee hikes on to the customer, farmers cannot, because the

commodities markets control how much they can get for their crops.

"A small-business owner is not going to go out and change a $5 item to

$40, but they can change to $5.25 and still be competitive," he said.

Jeff Wolfgram, a vice president at the $605 million-asset First Dakota

National Bank in Yankton, S.D., called the proposal an attempt to balance the

budget on the backs of farmers who are least able to afford a fee increase.

Bankers say the increased cost of credit could drive some farmers out of

business, and they have voiced their concerns to bank trade groups and their

representatives in Congress.

Last week eight Farm Belt senators sent a joint letter to Secretary

Johanns; Sen. Robert Bennett, R-Utah, the chairman of the Senate

Appropriations subcommittee on agriculture; and Sen. Herbert H. Kohl of

Wisconsin, the subcommittee's ranking Democrat. In the letter, the eight

senators said they are most concerned about farmers just getting started in

business, or those who have been through drought or disaster.

"The purpose of the guaranteed loan program is to facilitate the delivery

of credit to these borrowers, not drive up their costs," the letter said. It

was signed by Sens. James M. Talent, R-Mo.; Tim Johnson, D-S.D.; Charles E.

Grassley, R.-Iowa; Pat Roberts, R-Kan.; Byron L. Dorgan, D-N.D.; Blanche L.

Lincoln, D-Ark.; Michael D. Crapo, D-Idaho; and Christopher S. Bond, R-Mo.

John M. Blanchfield, the director of the American Bankers Association's

Center for Agricultural and Rural Banking, said bankers are urging Congress

to pass a budget amendment that would prohibit the Farm Service Agency from

raising fees.

If such an amendment does not pass, the Farm Service Agency would be able

to increase fees on its own through the rulemaking process.

http://www.americanbanker.com http://www.sourcemedia.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo, Lasseter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: a


                        Copyright 2006 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Western Kansas World (Wakeeny, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 2, 2010

FSA Targets Funds for Disadvantaged Farmers

BYLINE: Western Kansas World staff

LENGTH: 451  words


Randal Thiel, Farm Loan Manager of the USD A Farm Service Agency for Ellis,
Graham, Rooks, Sheridan and Trego counties, announced the availability of farm
operating and farm ownership loans for women and members of minority groups who
want to purchase or operate a family-size farm.

Each year, the Farm Service Agency earmarks a portion of its farm loan funding
for socially disadvantaged applicants, people who have been subjected to racial,
ethnic or gender inequality without regard to their individual qualities.
Socially disadvantaged applicants may be women, African Americans, American
Indians, Hispanics, Asian and Pacific Islanders and Alaskan Natives.

While funding is earmarked for loans to socially disadvantaged applicants, loan
approval is neither automatic nor guaranteed.

Socially disadvantaged applicants must meet the same eligibility criteria as
other applicants. Applicants must be U.S citizens; have a satisfactory history
of meeting credit obligations; have sufficient education, training or experience
managing or operating a farm; possess legal capacity to incur debt; and, be
unable to obtain credit elsewhere.

The agency can make direct loans to applicants who are unable to get commercial
credit or provide loan guarantees to commercial lenders.

Guaranteed loans may be made by any lending institution subject to Federal or
state supervision (banks, savings and loans, and units of the Farm Credit
System). FSA typically guarantees 90 or 95 percent of the loan against any loss
that might be incurred if the loan fails.

Applicants can use operating loans to purchase livestock, equipment, feed, seed
or pay other business related expenses. Operating loans are usually repaid in
one to seven years.

Ownership loans provide capital to purchase or enlarge a farm, construct or
improve buildings, promote soil and water conservation and pay closing costs.
Direct ownership loan terms are up to 40 years while guaranteed loan terms are
established by the lender.

Qualified applicants receive information and assistance to develop sound
management practices, analyze problems and utilize available resources essential
for successful farming operations to cope with the changing agricultural
environment.

In Fiscal Year 2009, Kansas obligated $8, 568, 210 for a total of 132 loans to
qualified farmers under the Socially Disadvantaged Persons Loan Program. We also
obligated $54, 133, 329 for a total of 539 loans to qualified farmers under the
Beginning Farmer Program.

For more information, contact your local Farm Service Agency at 100 N. 12th
Avenue, Hill City, KS 67642 or phone (785) 421 - 2115. Let FSA be Your Lender of
First Opportunity! USDA is an equal opportunity employer and provider.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WKW

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2010 Western Kansas World


                              73 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 28, 2016 Tuesday

Ag Secretary Vilsack to Provide Additional $500 Million for Farm Loans

LENGTH: 390  words

DATELINE: New York



 Atlanta: Growing Georgia has issued the following news release:



   Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has notified Congress that he plans to tap
a $500 million discretionary fund to cover a projected shortfall in demand for
guaranteed farm ownership loans for the fiscal year ending Sept. 30, according
to USDA's Farm Service Agency, which administers the loan program.





 Low commodity prices and a dramatic decline in farm income over the past two
years have caused banks to become more cautious in their lending practices,
hence there is a greater demand for USDA guaranteed loans. The department's Farm
Service Agency has just about run out of the $2 billion Congress approved for
the guaranteed loan program, three months before the end of the fiscal year. FSA
is also looking at a projected shortfall in federally assisted farm operating
loans.



 "USDA is entering a brief period where there is a gap in funding earlier than
normal," said FSA spokesman Kent Politsch, who added that the situation is not
unusual.



 "People forget this happens frequently where one of the funds, or all of funds,
start to dwindle as they get closer to the end of fiscal year," he said. "We
don't tell farmers we're out of money and they can't come to us anymore. We tell
them the opposite, to continue to apply for credit. In many case the producer is
put on waiting list and when appropriates happen, they are the first to get
funds."



 In early June, eight national farm and financial organizations asked Congress
to increase funding for operating loans for the current fiscal year in the FY
2017 agricultural appropriations bill.



 The groups, including the National Sustainable Agriculture Coalition and the
American Bankers Association and the National Farmers Union, said an additional
$16.5 million in the spending bill for 2017 would make available additional $300
million in direct FSA operating loans and $350 million in FSA guarantees of
private sector commercial loans. These amounts would allow USDA to cover the
estimated shortfall of available loan dollars. The legislation currently
includes the USDA-requested program level of $1.46 billion for direct operating
loans, and $1.432 billion for guaranteed operating loans.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Agriculture Starts Program to Speed Loan Approvals

                            March 29, 1984, Thursday

By BART FRAUST

DATELINE: NEW ORLEANS


The U.S. Department of Agriculture Wednesday launched an "approved lender"
program similar to that in existence with the Small Business Administration.

Under the program, private lenders will be approved in advance to process
Farmers Home Administration-guaranteed loans.

Secretary of Agriculture John R. Block, addressing the annual meeting here of
the Independent Bankers Association of America, said the program will speed the
processing time for guaranteed farm loans.

"This becomes particularly important as we enter the planting season in most
areas of the country," he said. "Participation by private-sector lenders will
help the Farmers Home Administration assure that available guaranteed loan funds
reach eligible farmers as quickly as possible."

At a press conference after his formal remarks, Mr. Block declined to say how
much time will be saved through the new program.

However, Thomas H. Olson, president of Lisco State Bank in Nebraska and chairman
of the IBAA's agriculture America committee, said loans guaranteed by the
Farmers Home Administration normally take anywhere from 30 to 60 days to
process.

The new program could cut the processing time to 10 days, he said. The time can
be crucial because many of the loans covered by the program are emergency
credits.

"The guaranteed loan program can be of special benefit to those farmers who are
caught in a credit availability gap because they do not quite meet either the
credit standards of private lenders," Mr. Block said, "nor are they in serious
enough financial difficulty to be eligible for consideration by the Farmers Home
Administration as lender of last resort."

The loans covered in the program can be guaranteed up to 90% by the Farmers Home
Administration. The agency also makes direct loans to economically troubled
farmers.

Mr. Block had no estimates on how many farmers or banks will be included in the
program.

The government is supplying no new credit under the approved lenders program.
Mr. Block said about $150 million in operating loans and $300 million in
emergency loans are involved.

An approved lender will be familiar with the requirements of the Farmers Home
Administration, will collect credit information, and will prepare the
application package.

The Farmers Home Administration will continue to make the final decision on
whether a farmer gets a guaranteed loan.

Mr. Block said the program was the result of recommendations from a study group
including representatives of the Farmers Home Administration, the Independent
Bankers Association of America, the American Bankers Association, and the
Cooperative Farm Credit System.

The cabinet official added that the program is part of the Reagan
administration's push to) shift responsibility toward the private sector and
away from the government.

In his speech, Mr. Block noted that farming is becoming increasingly dependent
on the world economy.

The value of agricultural exports rose from 14% of farm output in 1960 to about
30% in 1980, the secretary said. He added that the strength of the U.S. dollar
has made American farm exports less attractive than they were.

In addition, Mr. Block said farmers have become heavy users of capital-intensive
technology, the purchase of which is financed by debt. In 1983, he said, the
interest cost of that debt represented 15% of farm expenses compared with 5% in
1960.

"At recent debt levels, a one percentage point change in the average interest
rate on outstanding farm debt will lead to about a $2 billion change in farm
production expenses," he said.

"So," he told the bankers, "if you can lower rates by one percentage point, you
can add $2 billion to farm income."

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 616 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1984 American Banker, Inc.


                              75 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                            October 27, 2008 Monday

Farmer loan limit hiked

BYLINE: Business

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 99 words


The USDA Farm Service Agency in Berkshire County has announced that it has
increased its maximum loan limit to $1,094,000. The increased guaranteed loan
limit reflects the rising input costs affecting farmers.

In addition to guaranteed loans, FSA can also provide direct loans to qualified
farmers.

Farmers interested in the guaranteed loan program may contact their lender or
the USDA Farm Service Agency Farm Loan Program at(413) 585-1000, ext. 107 or ext
109, or visit the Agency at 195 Russell Street, Suite B5 in Hadley, MA
01035-9521.

Or visit www.FSA.USDA.gov and click on Farm Loan Programs.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Hutchinson Herald (Menno, South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 10, 2010

FSA seeks increased interest in farm loan programs

BYLINE: Hutchinson Herald staff

LENGTH: 451  words


Craig Schaunaman, State Executive Director of USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA)
in South Dakota announced today that the South Dakota FSA Farm Loan Program
Division has approved 1,385 loans to South Dakota family farmers and ranchers
for a total of $160.5 million in fiscal year 2010 beginning on October 1, 2009.

"FSA is pleased to report that 780 of the 1,385 total loans went to beginning
farmers and socially disadvantaged applicants for a total of

$60.9 million," said Schaunaman. This represents a 7.4 percent increase in total
loan volume and 16.4 percent increase in beginning farmer and socially
disadvantaged loan volume from fiscal year 2009. "The South Dakota FSA farm loan
staff has made a concerted effort to educate farmers and ranchers about the
benefits of FSA Farm Loan Programs." ' {

FSA provides direct and guaranteed loans to beginnMg8"rarMers and ranchers who
are unable to obtain financing from commercial credit sources. Each fiscal year,
the Agency targets a portion of its direct and guaranteed farm ownership (FO)
and operating loan (OL) funds to beginning farmers and ranchers. FSA also helps
established farmers who have suffered financial setbacks from natural disasters,
or whose resources are too limited to maintain profitable farming operations.

A beginning farmer or rancher1 rs an individual or entity who (1) has not
operated a farm or ranch for more than 10 years; (2) meets the loan eligibility
requirements of the program to which he/she is applying; (3) substantially
participates in the operation; and (4) for FO loan purposes, does not own a farm
greater than 30 percent of the median size farm in the county. (Note: all
applicants for direct FO loans must have participated in business-operation of a
farm for at least 3; years.) If the applicant is an entity,; all members must be
related by'

blood or marriage, and all stockholders in a corporation must be eligible
beginning farmers.

A socially disadvantaged (SDA) farmer, rancher, or agricultural producer is one
of a group whose members have been subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender
prejudice because of his or her identity as a member of the group without regard
to his or her individual qualities. SDA groups are women, African Americans,
American Indians, Alaskan Natives, Hispanics, Asian

Americans and Pacific Islanders.

Applications for all FSA direct loan programs are made through FSA local offices
and USDA Service Centers. Guaranteed loan applications are made with the lender.
In cases where a lender is not known to an applicant, local office personnel
will assist the applicant.

Additional information about FSA's Farm Loan Programs or any other FSA programs
may be found on the web at www.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HUT

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2010 Hutchinson Herald


                              77 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                            October 27, 2009 Tuesday

FSA announces $1.1 million loan

BYLINE: ALBUQUERQUE -

SECTION: LINCOLN COUNTY

LENGTH: 208 words


Salomon Ramirez, State Executive Director for USDA's Farm Service Agency in New
Mexico today announced the loan limit for its Guaranteed Loan Program has been
increased to $1,112,000, effective Oct. 1.

The limit is adjusted annually based on the "Prices Paid to Farmers Index,"
compiled by the National Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS).

"The increased limit will enhance the agency's ability to meet the credit needs
of farmers and ranchers throughout the country," said Ramirez.

The Guaranteed Loan Program allows commercial and farm credit lenders to extend
credit to qualified applicants, who otherwise would not meet their standard
lending criteria. Participating lenders can use the Guaranteed Loan Program to
strengthen a loan's viability through a guarantee of up to 95 percent of the
loan amount.

Farmers interested in guaranteed loans should apply through a conventional
lender. FSA also offers the Direct Loan Program as an alternative for those
unable to obtain financing from commercial credit sources. Direct farm loans are
government-funded, and made by FSA.

The loan limit for loans under the Direct Program is $300,000 (except for
Emergency Loans). Farmers interested in applying for a direct loan should
contact their local FSA office.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2009 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 11, 2016 Monday

Washington: CED Comments

LENGTH: 1232  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 The weather as of late has given us hints of spring followed by the occasional
reminder that the winter hold does not want to let go.  Fieldwork has started in
some areas and it will not be long before things are green and lush.  The
Douglas County FSA Office invites you to complete your business within the
office NOW when you have time.  Our hope is that this will keep you in the field
when you need to be later this spring.





 Final Planting Dates



 All producers are encouraged to contact their local FSA office for more
information on the final planting date for specific crops. The final planting
dates vary by crop, planting period and county so please contact your local FSA
office for a list of county-specific planting deadlines. The timely planting of
a crop, by the final planting date, may prevent loss of program benefits.



 Farm Service Agency (FSA) and Risk Management Agency (RMA) to Prevent Fraud,
Waste, and Abuse



 FSA supports the RMA in the prevention of fraud, waste and abuse of the Federal
Crop Insurance Program. FSA has been, and will continue to, assist RMA and
insurance providers by monitoring crop conditions throughout the growing season.
FSA will continue to refer all suspected cases of fraud, waste and abuse
directly to RMA. Producers can report suspected cases to the county office
staff, the RMA office, or the Office of the Inspector General.



 ARC- County Payments by Physical Location County



 Producers with out of county land administered in Douglas County have until
April 15, 2016 to decide if they wish to have their 2014 and/or 2015
Agricultural Risk Coverage-County (ARC-CO) payments recalculated based on the
physical location county rates.   Form CCC-861-A would need to be signed by all
producers with an interest in the base acres on the farm by April 15, 2016.



 If you have purchased any land, please update our records in the Douglas County
Office.  Landowners and producers are also asked to inform the Douglas County
Office of any change in operator(s) on their farm(s). Producers who may have
transferred their land into a trust also need to report this ownership change to
the FSA County Office



 Please be safe this spring.  We want the opportunity to be able to work with
you for years to come.  Take the time to enjoy the wonderful occupation you all
are part of.  Thank you all for what you do each and every day.



 Steve Frericks

 Douglas County FSA CED



 USDA Removes Farm Program Payments to Managers Not Actively Engaged in Farming



 USDA finalized a rule to ensure that farm safety-net payments are issued only
to active managers of farms that operate as joint ventures or general
partnerships, consistent with the direction and authority provide by Congress in
the 2014 Farm Bill. The action, which exempts family farm operations, closes a
loophole where individuals who were not actively part of farm management still
received payments.



 Since 1987, the broad definition of "actively engaged" resulted in some general
partnerships and joint ventures adding managers to the farming operation,
qualifying for more payments, that did not substantially contribute to
management. The rule applies to operations seeking more than one farm manager,
and requires measureable, documented hours and key management activities each
year. Some operations of certain sizes and complexity may be allowed up to three
qualifying managers under limited conditions. The changes apply to payments for
2016 and subsequent crop years for Agriculture Risk Coverage (ARC) and Price
Loss Coverage (PLC) Programs, Loan Deficiency Payments (LDP) and Marketing Loan
Gains (MLG) realized via the Marketing Assistance Loan program.



 As required by Congress, the new rule does not apply to family farms, or change
regulations related to contributions of land, capital, equipment, or labor. The
changes go into effect for the 2016 crop year for most farms. Farms that have
already planted fall crops for 2016 have until the 2017 crop year to comply. For
more details, producers are encouraged to consult their local Farm Service
Agency office.



 Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honeybee, and Farm-Raised Fish Program
(ELAP)



 The Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honeybees and Farm-Raised Fish Program
(ELAP) provides emergency assistance to eligible livestock, honeybee, and farm
-raised fish producers who have losses due to disease, adverse weather or other
conditions, such as blizzards and wildfires, not covered by other agricultural
disaster assistance programs.



 Eligible livestock losses include grazing losses not covered under the
Livestock Forage Disaster Program (LFP), loss of purchased feed and/or
mechanically harvested feed due to an eligible adverse weather event, additional
cost of transporting water because of an eligible drought and additional cost
associated with gathering livestock to treat for cattle tick fever.



 Eligible honeybee losses include loss of purchased feed due to an eligible
adverse weather event, cost of additional feed purchased above normal quantities
due to an eligible adverse weather condition, colony losses in excess of normal
mortality due to an eligible weather event or loss condition, including CCD, and
hive losses due to eligible adverse weather.



 Eligible farm-raised fish losses include death losses in excess of normal
mortality and/or loss of purchased feed due to an eligible adverse weather
event.



 Producers who suffer eligible livestock, honeybee, or farm-raised fish losses
from October 1, 2015 to September 30, 2016 must file:



 o             A notice of loss the earlier of 30 calendar days of when the loss
is apparent or by November 1, 2016



 o             An application for payment by November 1, 2016



 The Farm Bill caps ELAP disaster funding at $20 million per federal fiscal
year.



 The following ELAP Fact Sheets (by topic) are available online:



 o             ELAP for Farm-Raised Fish Fact Sheet



 o             ELAP for Livestock Fact Sheet



 o             ELAP for Honeybees Fact Sheet



 To view these and other FSA program fact sheets, visit the FSA fact sheet web
page at www.fsa.usda.gov/factsheets.



 Guaranteed Loan Program



 FSA guaranteed loans allow lenders to provide agricultural credit to farmers
who do not meet the lender's normal underwriting criteria. Farmers and ranchers
apply for a guaranteed loan through a lender, and the lender arranges for the
guarantee. FSA can guarantee up to 95 percent of the loss of principal and
interest on a loan. Guaranteed loans can be used for both farm ownership and
operating purposes.



 Guaranteed farm ownership loans can be used to purchase farmland, construct or
repair buildings, develop farmland to promote soil and water conservation or to
refinance debt.



 Guaranteed operating loans can be used to purchase livestock, farm equipment,
feed, seed, fuel, farm chemicals, insurance and other operating expenses.



 FSA can guarantee farm ownership and operating loans up to $1,399,000.
Repayment terms vary depending on the type of loan, collateral and the
producer's ability to repay the loan. Operating loans are normally repaid within
seven years and farm ownership loans are not to exceed 40 years.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Ottawa Herald (Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 8, 2009 Tuesday

Farm aid available for women, minorities

BYLINE: The Ottawa Herald, Kan.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 504 words


Sep. 8--Women and members of minority groups who want to own or operate a farm
may be able to get a little help from the federal government.

"Each year, the Farm Service Agency earmarks a portion of its farm loan funding
for socially disadvantaged applicants, people who have been subjected to racial,
ethnic or gender inequality without regard to their individual qualities," Stacy
Kull, farm loan manager of the USDA Farm Service Agency for Anderson, Coffey,
Douglas, Franklin, Johnson, Linn, Miami, Osage and Shawnee counties, said.

Socially disadvantaged applicants may be women, African-Americans, American
Indians, Hispanics, Asian and Pacific Islanders and Alaska Natives.

Kull said that while funding is earmarked for loans to socially disadvantaged
applicants, loan approval is neither automatic nor guaranteed.

"Socially disadvantaged applicants must meet the same eligibility criteria as
other applicants," Kull said.

Applicants must be U.S citizens; have a satisfactory history of meeting credit
obligations; have sufficient education, training or experience managing or
operating a farm; possess legal capacity to incur debt; and be unable to obtain
credit elsewhere.

The agency can make direct loans to applicants who are unable to get commercial
credit or provide loan guarantees to commercial lenders.

Guaranteed loans may be made by any lending institution subject to Federal or
state supervision (banks, savings and loans, and units of the Farm Credit
System). FSA typically guarantees 90 or 95 percent of the loan against any loss
that might be incurred if the loan fails.

Applicants can use operating loans to purchase livestock, equipment, feed, seed
or pay other business-related expenses. Operating loans are usually repaid in
one to seven years.

Ownership loans provide capital to purchase or enlarge a farm, construct or
improve buildings, promote soil and water conservation and pay closing costs.
Direct ownership loan terms are for up to 40 years, while guaranteed loan terms
are established by the lender.

Qualified applicants receive information and assistance to develop sound
management practices, analyze problems and utilize available resources essential
for successful farming operations to cope with the changing agricultural
environment.

In fiscal year 2008, Kansas obligated $1,321,855 for a total of 48 loans to
qualified farmers under the Socially Disadvantaged Persons Loan Program.

"We also obligated $12,198,317 for a total of 198 loans to qualified farmers
under Beginning Farmer Program," Kull said.

For more information about the agency's loan programs, call Kull at (785)
242-3260.

To see more of The Ottawa Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ottawaherald.com Copyright (c) 2009, The Ottawa Herald, Kan.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090908-IQ-Farm-aid-available-for-women-minorities-0908

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IQ


                                 Copyright 2009


                              80 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily News (Jacksonville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 20, 2006 Sunday

Farm loans now available

BYLINE: The Daily News, Jacksonville, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 7766 words


Aug. 20--KENANSVILLE -- Socially disadvantaged or minority farmers who want to
purchase or operate a family-size farm in 2006 can now receive help through the
North Carolina Farm Service Agency.

The FSA announced the availability of funds for loans to eligible farmers. Last
year, 12 percent of the money spent in the program statewide went to farmers in
Onslow, Duplin, Pender and New Hanover counties, according to a press release
from the FSA.

The SDA program provides farm operating and farm ownership loans. Direct loans
are made to applicants from FSA. Guaranteed loans are issued by lending
institutions, but typically 90-95 percent of the loan is guaranteed by FSA.

Loan applicants do not receive automatic approval. Applicants must meet certain
guidlines.

Contact Carlton Grady, FSA farm loan manager based in Duplin County at (910)
296-2193 for more information about the loan program. Grady covers the region
that includes Onslow County.

Copyright (c) 2006, The Daily News, Jacksonville, N.C. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060820-JN-0820-Farm-loans-now-available

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JN


                         Copyright 2006 The Daily News


                              81 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 1, 2015 Thursday

Farm Loan Programs; Programs Changes

LENGTH: 6319  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register, Government of USA has issued the following news
release:


Action

Final Rule.
Summary

The Farm Service Agency (FSA) is amending Farm Loan Programs (FLP) loan making
and servicing regulations to reflect several changes required by the
Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill). The changes were implemented
administratively upon the passage of the 2014 Farm Bill; this rule makes
conforming amendments in the FSA regulations.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Background
    CL; Increase Percent of Guarantee
    Direct FO as Part of Joint Financing Arrangement; Interest Rate
    Mineral Rights Appraisal; Eliminate Requirement
    Downpayment FOs; Increase Maximum Loan Amount
    YL; Eliminate Rural Residency Requirement
    YL; Forgiveness of Debt
    ML; Exclude From OL Term Limit Rule and Special Interest Rate for Beginning
or Veteran Farmers
    Guaranteed OL; Eliminate Term Limit
    Beginning Farmer; Amending Definition To Modify Acreage Ownership Limitation

    Notice and Comment
    Effective Date
    Executive Order 12866 and 13563
    Regulatory Flexibility Act
    Environmental
    Executive Order 12372
    Executive Order 12988
    Executive Order 13132
    Executive Order 13175
    Unfunded Mandates
    Paperwork Reduction Act
    E-Government Act Compliance
    Federal Assistance Programs
    List of Subjects
    PART 761--FARM LOAN PROGRAM; GENERAL PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION
    Subpart A--General Provisions
    PART 762--GUARANTEED FARM LOANS
    PART 764--DIRECT LOAN MAKING
    Subpart E--Downpayment Loan Program
    Subpart G--Operating Loan Program
    PART 765--DIRECT LOAN SERVICING--REGULAR
    Subpart F--Required Use and Operation of Agency Security

DATES: Back to Top

Effective: December 31, 2014.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Bradley A. Johnson, telephone: (202) 720-5847. Persons with disabilities or who
require alternative means for communications (Braille, large print, audiotape,
etc.) should contact the USDA Target Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice).
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top
Background Back to Top

The FSA FLP direct loans and loan guarantees provide credit to farmers whose
financial risk exceeds a level acceptable to commercial lenders. Through direct
and guaranteed Farm Ownership loans (FO), Operating Loans (OL), and Conservation
Loans (CL); direct Microloans (ML), direct Emergency Loans (EM) and Land
Contract (LC) guarantees, FSA assists tens of thousands of farmers each year in
starting and maintaining profitable farm businesses. FSA loan funds may be used
to pay normal operating or family living expenses; make capital improvements;
refinance certain debts; and purchase farmland, livestock, equipment, feed and
other materials essential to farm operations. FSA services extend beyond the
typical loan by offering farmers ongoing consultation and advice, to help to
make their farm successful. These loans are a temporary source of credit.
Farmers with direct loans generally are required to graduate to other credit
when their financial condition will allow them to do so.

In addition, the YL Program provides operating loans of up to $5,000 to eligible
individual youths, ages 10 to 20, to finance income producing, agriculture
related projects. The project must be of modest size, educational and initiated,
developed and carried out by youths participating in 4-H Clubs, Future Farmers
of America (FFA), or a similar organization.

Throughout this rule, any reference to "farm" or "farmer" also includes "ranch"
or "rancher", respectively.

This rule makes changes in the FSA regulations required by several provisions of
the 2014 Farm Bill (Pub. L. 113-79) regarding FSA's loan making and servicing
programs. More specifically, the changes:

Increase the percent of guarantee for CLs;
    Reduce the interest rate for direct FOs made under a joint financing
arrangement;
    Eliminate the oil, gas, and mineral appraisal requirement;
    Increase the maximum loan amount for a direct FO made under the downpayment
program;
    Eliminate the rural residency requirement for the YLs ;
    Allow a borrower who had YL debt forgiveness to receive future Government
loans under certain circumstances;
    Exclude MLs to beginning or veteran farmers from the existing OL term
limitations, and add a special ML interest rate available to beginning and
veteran farmers;
    Eliminate the term limit for guaranteed OLs; and
    Amend the definition of a beginning farmer, specifically the maximum owned
acreage requirement.

CL; Increase Percent of Guarantee Back to Top

Guaranteed CLs promote conservation practices on farms that help protect natural
resources, and provide credit for farmers to implement these conservation
measures on their land. Unlike FSA's traditional FO and OL Programs that are
targeted toward family and less financially established farmers, eligibility
requirements for the CL Program permit FSA to provide assistance to applicants
who may not be a family farmer or are financially strong.

Section 5002 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 304(e) of the Consolidated
Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT) (7 U.S.C. 1924e) to increase the percent
of guarantee for CLs from 75 percent to 80 percent, and authorized a 90 percent
guarantee for a qualified beginning or socially disadvantaged (SDA) farmer.
Lenders will now be able to have a greater guarantee on CLs.

Previously, CL received a 75 percent guarantee, which was less than the typical
90 percent guarantee on an FO or farm OL guarantee. Partially due to this lower
percentage of guarantee, the use of CLs have been extremely limited since
guaranteed FO or OL funds may also be used for conservation purposes.

This rule amends 7 CFR 762.129 and 762.130 to increase the percent of guarantee
for CL. The increase in CL guarantee to 80 percent and the even higher 90
percent guarantee to beginning or SDA farmers will increase the use of CL
guarantees used to implement conservation practices, which benefit not only the
farmer, but the environment as well.
Direct FO as Part of Joint Financing Arrangement; Interest Rate Back to Top

Direct FOs made as part of a participation (joint financing) arrangement are
eligible for a special joint financing interest rate. These loans require that a
commercial lender or private party provide a portion of the financing, such that
the FO does not exceed 50 percent of the total amount financed. FOs may be used
to purchase a farm, enlarge an existing farm, construct or improve farm
structures, pay closing costs, and for soil and water conservation and
protection. Repayment terms may be as long as 40 years and the maximum FO
indebtedness is limited to $300,000.

Section 5003 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 307(a)(3) of the CONACT (7
U.S.C. 1927(a)(3)) to reduce the interest rate for FOs that are part of a joint
financing arrangement. This joint financing interest rate is the direct FO
regular interest rate minus 2 percent, with a floor of 2.5 percent.

Previously, the joint financing interest rate for FOs was 5 percent and has been
since March 24, 1997. For several years, the joint financing interest rate of 5
percent has been higher than the direct FO interest rate. As a result, there has
been no financial incentive for the farmer to finance a portion of the real
estate purchase with another lender, unless she or he qualified as a beginning
or SDA farmer who was able to receive a downpayment FO with a lower interest
rate.

This rule amends 7 CFR 764.154 to change the interest rate for FOs that are part
of a joint financing arrangement. This reduced interest rate for FOs made under
a joint financing agreement will encourage farmers to seek commercial lender
financing, and therefore reduce FSA financing of the farm to 50 percent or less.
FSA expects to be able to leverage the use of our typically limited direct FO
funds, to assist an even greater number of eligible family farmers.
Mineral Rights Appraisal; Eliminate Requirement Back to Top

FSA uses appraisals to determine the value of real and personal property.
Appraisals ensure there is adequate security to support FSA loan making and
servicing actions.

Section 5004 of the 2014 Farm Bill eliminated the requirement that in order for
FSA to have the rights to oil, gas, or other minerals as FO collateral, the
products' value must be considered in the appraised value of the real estate
securing the loan.

Section 307(d) of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1927(d)), previously required that for
FOs; the value of oil, gas, or other minerals must be included in the appraised
value of the real estate security in order for FSA to have a valid lien on those
products. This rule removes this mineral appraisal requirement in 7 CFR 761.7
and 765.252 for all future FLP loans. For all loans made after February 7, 2014,
the date of the 2014 Farm Bill was enacted, FSA will have a security interest in
oil, gas, or other minerals on or under the property regardless of whether the
value of those products were included in the appraisal value of the property.
This security interest is reflected in the FSA mortgage forms.
Downpayment FOs; Increase Maximum Loan Amount Back to Top

FSA downpayment FOs are used to assist beginning and SDA farmers in purchasing a
farm. The loans have a lower interest rate than other FO loans and require
participation by another lender, along with cash down payment requirement of 5
percent.

Section 5005 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 310E(b)(1)(C) of the CONACT
(7 U.S.C. 1935(b)(1)(C)) to increase the maximum loan limit for downpayment FOs
to 45 percent of $667,000. This amount is $300,150; however, section 305 of the
CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1925) limits the maximum loan amount for each FO, including
downpayment FOs, to $300,000.

Previously, downpayment FOs were limited to a maximum of $225,000 (45 percent of
$500,000) and all other types of direct FOs were limited to $300,000. This
difference in maximum loan amounts was a limiting factor in many loan
transactions, particularly as loan amounts have increased due to rising farm
real estate values. The rule amends 7 CFR 764.203 to increase the maximum loan
limit for downpayment FO loans to $300,000.
YL; Eliminate Rural Residency Requirement Back to Top

FSA makes YL of up to $5,000 to eligible individual youths, ages 10 to 20, to
finance income producing and agricultural related projects. The project must be
modest in size, educational, and initiated, developed and carried out by youths
participating in a 4-H Club, FFA, or similar organization.

Section 5102 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311(b)(1) of the CONACT (7
U.S.C. 1941(b)(1)) to eliminate the rural residency requirement for YL. Eligible
youth in suburban and urban areas will now be eligible for YL.

Previously, to be eligible for a YL the applicant had to reside in a rural area.
FSA regulations further defined this as "residing in a rural area, city, or town
with a population of 50,000 or fewer people." The rule amends 7 CFR 764.302 to
eliminate the rural residency requirement for YL. The removal of this
requirement now allows FSA to extend YL assistance to youth residing in suburban
and urban areas to finance eligible agricultural related projects.
YL; Forgiveness of Debt Back to Top

Forgiveness of YL debt, due to circumstances beyond the borrower's control, will
no longer preclude the borrower from obtaining additional loans from any U.S.
Government agency. Additionally, borrowers with YL debt forgiveness, or who are
delinquent on a YL, will now be able to receive student loans. The servicing and
collection of YLs is not affected by the statute and will continue under the
present regulations.

Section 5103 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311(b) of the CONACT (7
U.S.C. 1941(b)) to authorize the Secretary of Agriculture to, on a case by case
basis, provide debt forgiveness of a YL if the borrower was unable to repay the
loan due to circumstances beyond the control of the borrower. The Secretary may
also determine that the debt forgiveness was caused by national disaster, act of
terrorism, or other man-made disaster that resulted in an inordinate level of
damage severely affecting the YL borrower. The debt forgiveness provided by this
section is not to be used by other Federal agencies in determining eligibility
of the borrower for any loan made or guaranteed by that agency.

In no case will a borrower provided debt forgiveness or a delinquent borrower be
denied a loan or loan guarantee from the Federal government to pay for
educational expenses of the borrower. As a practical matter, FSA has always
provided debt forgiveness, in the form of debt settlement, to YL borrowers on
the same terms as any other borrower. To determine if the forgiveness is beyond
the borrower's control, consideration of the circumstances will be added to the
Agency Handbooks and this rule revises the definition of "debt forgiveness" in 7
CFR 761.2. This will ensure that, if the inability to pay giving rise to the
debt forgiveness was due to circumstances beyond the borrower's control, it will
not be used in consideration of a FSA loan application. As this is a mandate on
the entire Federal Government with particular emphasis on loans for educational
expenses, FSA will also make information regarding this change available to all
YL borrowers who receive debt forgiveness and any other Federal agency that is
considering a loan application from the borrower after debt forgiveness or while
they are delinquent.

With regard to YL debt servicing prior to debt forgiveness, the Debt Collection
Improvement Act of 1996 (DCIA) (Pub. L. 104-134, April 26, 1996) requires that
delinquent debts be reported to Treasury so that centralized collection can be
pursued through the Treasury Offset Program and outside collection agencies.
Section 373 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 2008h) also limits FSA direct loan borrowers
to only one debt forgiveness from FSA. These requirements were not changed by
the 2014 Farm Bill.
ML; Exclude From OL Term Limit Rule and Special Interest Rate for Beginning or
Veteran Farmers Back to Top

FSA initiated the ML Program in 2013 to better serve the unique financial
operating needs of beginning, niche, or the smallest of family farm operations.
ML offers more flexible access to credit for these types of family farm
operations, who often face limited financing options.

Section 5106 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C.
1941) to exclude MLs made to beginning or veteran farmers from the direct OL
term limit. Section 12201 of the 2014 Farm Bill defines a "veteran farmer or
rancher" as someone who has served in the Armed Forces of the United States and
who has not farmed, or has farmed for 10 years or less. This rule amends 7 CFR
761.2 to include the definition of a veteran farmer.

As previously mentioned, the term "farm" or "farmer" also includes the term
"ranch" or "rancher," respectively. Therefore, all references to the term "farm"
or "farmer" will also respectively include "ranch" or "rancher," including the
definition of a "veteran farmer." Once the farmer is no longer a beginning
farmer or once a veteran has farmed more than 10 years, any ML they receive will
count toward the OL term limit. Section 5106 of the 2014 Farm Bill also amended
section 316 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1946) to make available a special interest
rate on ML equal to half the rate on 5-year treasuries plus 1 percent, but never
less than 5 percent, to beginning or veteran farmers.

Previously, only MLs made to beginning farmers were excluded from the OL term
limit. This rule amends 7 CFR 764.252 to expand the exclusion to include veteran
farmers.

In addition, previously the ML interest rate was either the regular OL rate or a
limited resource rate. This rule amends 7 CFR 764.254 to add the 2014 Farm Bill
special ML interest rate that will be at the same rate as the limited resource
OL rate, but will not be subject to special servicing reviews by FSA since it
will not be considered a limited resource interest rate. For a beginning or a
veteran farmer applying for a ML, they will now be able to choose between the
direct OL interest rate and the special ML interest rate. These changes in the
ML program will benefit both beginning and veteran farmers, who typically have
fewer financial resources and limited options available to finance their farming
operation.
Guaranteed OL; Eliminate Term Limit Back to Top

Section 5107 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 319 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C.
1949) to eliminate all guaranteed OL term limits. Family farmers will no longer
be restricted in the number of years they can receive a guaranteed OL.

Guaranteed OLs are used to assist family farmers to obtain credit for normal
operating expenses, machinery, equipment, and livestock purchases, minor real
estate repairs or improvement, and to refinance debt. The repayment term may
vary, but are never longer than 7 years. OLs used to pay for normal operating
expenses are set up as a line of credit and are typically repaid within 12
months.

Previously, guaranteed OL borrowers were limited to no more than 15 years in
which they could receive OLs. As a result, many family farmers who continued to
have difficulty in meeting lender credit standards and had received 15 years of
OL, were unable to receive additional guaranteed OLs. The rule amends 7 CFR
762.122 to eliminate all guaranteed OL term limits. These family farmers will
now be able to obtain additional guaranteed OLs, which typically will provide
them with access to credit on better rates and terms.
Beginning Farmer; Amending Definition To Modify Acreage Ownership Limitation
Back to Top

Section 5303 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 343 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C.
1991) to change the owned real farm property limit from 30 percent of the median
farm acreage to 30 percent of the average farm acreage. FSA makes and guarantees
loans to beginning farmers who are unable to obtain financing from commercial
lenders. Each fiscal year, FSA targets a portion of its direct and guaranteed FO
and OL funds to beginning farmers.

Previously, to meet FSA's definition of a beginning farmer, the loan applicant
must not have owned real farm property that exceeded 30 percent of the median
farm acreage, except for an OL applicant. According to the 2012 Census of
Agriculture, nationally the median size farm is 80 acres, while the average size
farm is 434 acres. The farm acreage limit, previously based on the median, set a
limit so low in many counties it precluded applicants who owned small acreages
of real farm property from qualifying as a beginning farmer. This eliminated
many otherwise qualified applicants from accessing FSA farm loan funds targeted
to beginning farmers. The rule amends 7 CFR 761.2 to change the owned real farm
property limit. The farm acreage limit, now based on the average, will now allow
many qualified applicants access to farm loan funds targeted to beginning
farmers, which previously were not available to them.
Notice and Comment Back to Top

In general, the Administrative Procedure Act (5 U.S.C. 553) requires that a
notice of proposed rulemaking be published in the Federal Register and
interested persons be given an opportunity to participate in the rulemaking
through submission of written data, views, or arguments with or without
opportunity for oral presentation, except when the rule involves a matter
relating to public property, loans, grants, benefits, or contracts. This rule
involved matters relating to loans and is therefore being published as a final
rule without the opportunity for comments.
Effective Date Back to Top

The Administrative Procedure Act provides generally that before rules are issued
by Government agencies, the rule is required to be published in the Federal
Register, and the required publication of a substantive rule is to be not less
than 30 days before its effective date. One of the exceptions is when the agency
finds good cause for not delaying the effective date. As noted above, the
changes in this rule are conforming changes because the 2014 Farm Bill allowed
no discretion in the changes and thus were implemented administratively after
the enactment of the 2014 Farm Bill. Using the administrative procedure
provisions in 5 U.S.C. 553, FSA finds that there is good cause for making this
rule effective less than 30 days after publication in the Federal Register.
Therefore, this final rule is effective when published in the Federal Register.
Executive Order 12866 and 13563 Back to Top

Executive Order 12866, "Regulatory Planning and Review," and Executive Order
13563, "Improving Regulation and Regulatory Review," direct agencies to assess
all costs and benefits of available regulatory alternatives and, if regulation
is necessary, to select regulatory approaches that maximize net benefits
(including potential economic, environmental, public health and safety effects,
distributive impacts, and equity). Executive Order 13563 emphasizes the
importance of quantifying both costs and benefits, of reducing costs, of
harmonizing rules, and of promoting flexibility.

The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) designated this rule as not
significant under Executive Order 12866, "Regulatory Planning and Review," and,
therefore, OMB was not required to review this final rule.
Regulatory Flexibility Act Back to Top

In accordance with the Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601-612), as amended
by the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act of 1996 (SBREFA),
generally require an agency to prepare a regulatory flexibility analysis of any
rule subject to the notice and comment rulemaking requirements under APA or any
other law, unless the agency certifies that the rule will not have a significant
economic impact on a substantial number of small entities. All FSA direct loan
borrowers and all farm entities affected by this rule are small businesses
according to the North American Industry Classification System and the U. S.
Small Business Administration. There is no diversity in size of the entities
affected by this rule, and the costs to comply with it are the same for all
entities.

In this rule, FSA is revising regulations that affect both loan making and loan
servicing. FSA does not expect these changes to impose any additional cost to
the lenders or borrowers. Therefore, FSA certifies that this rule will not have
a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities.
Environmental Back to Top

The environmental impacts of this rule have been considered in a manner
consistent with the provisions of the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA,
42 U.S.C. 4321-4347), the regulations of the Council on Environmental Quality
(40 CFR parts 1500-1508), and the FSA regulations for compliance with NEPA (7
CFR part 1940, subpart G). The changes contained in the rule are all mandatory
changes required by the 2014 Farm Bill and involved no discretion by FSA, either
in whether to implement or how to implement the changes; therefore, they are not
subject to review under NEPA. FSA is making these changes through a final rule
to update the regulations to match the changes previously implemented
administratively with an agency directive in February 2014. As such, FSA will
not prepare an environmental assessment or environmental impact statement for
this regulatory action.
Executive Order 12372 Back to Top

Executive Order 12372, "Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs," requires
consultation with State and local officials. The objectives of the Executive
Order are to foster an intergovernmental partnership and a strengthened
Federalism, by relying on State and local processes for State and local
government coordination and review of proposed Federal Financial assistance and
direct Federal development. For reasons set forth in the Notice to 7 CFR part
3015, subpart V (48 FR 29115, June 24, 1983), the programs and activities within
this rule are excluded from the scope of Executive Order 12372.
Executive Order 12988 Back to Top

This final rule has been reviewed in accordance with Executive Order 12988,
"Civil Justice Reform." This rule will not preempt State and local laws and
regulations unless they represent an irreconcilable conflict with this rule.
Before any judicial action may be brought concerning the provisions of this rule
the administrative appeal provisions of 7 CFR parts 11 and 780 are to be
exhausted.
Executive Order 13132 Back to Top

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 13132, "Federalism." The
policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial direct effect on
States, the relationship between the Federal government and the States, or the
distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
government. Nor does this rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on
State and local governments. Therefore, consultation with the States is not
required.
Executive Order 13175 Back to Top

This rule has been reviewed in accordance with the requirements of Executive
Order 13175, "Consultation and Coordination with Indian Tribal Governments."
Executive Order 13175 requires Federal agencies to consult and coordinate with
tribes on a government-to-government basis on policies that have tribal
implications, including regulations, legislative comments or proposed
legislation, and other policy statements or actions that have substantial direct
effects on one or more Indian tribes, on the relationship between the Federal
Government and Indian tribes or on the distribution of power and
responsibilities between the Federal Government and Indian tribes.

FSA has assessed the impact of this rule on Indian tribes and determined that
this rule does not, to our knowledge, have tribal implications that require
tribal consultation under Executive Order 13175. If a Tribe requests
consultation, FSA will work with the USDA Office of Tribal Relations to ensure
meaningful consultation is provided where changes, additions, and modifications
identified in this rule are not expressly mandated by the 2014 Farm Bill.
Unfunded Mandates Back to Top

Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (UMRA, Pub. L. 104-4)
requires Federal agencies to assess the effects of their regulatory actions on
State, local, or Tribal governments or the private sector. Agencies generally
must prepare a written statement, including a cost benefit analysis, for final
rule with Federal mandates that may result in expenditures of $100 million or
more in any 1 year for State, local, or Tribal governments, in the aggregate, or
to the private sector. UMRA generally requires agencies to consider alternatives
and adopt the more cost effective or least burdensome alternative that achieves
the objectives of the rule. This rule contains no Federal mandates under the
regulatory provisions of Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995
(UMRA, Pub. L. 104-4) for State, local, or Tribal governments, or private
sector. Therefore, this rule is not subject to the requirements of sections 202
and 205 of UMRA.
Paperwork Reduction Act Back to Top

This regulatory changes in this final rule do not require any changes to the
currently information collection request of OMB control numbers, 0560-0155,
0560-0233, 0560-0236, 0560-0237, 0560-0238 and 0560-0230.
E-Government Act Compliance Back to Top

FSA is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to promote the use of
the Internet and other information technologies to provide increased
opportunities for citizen access to Government information and services and
other purposes.
Federal Assistance Programs Back to Top

The title and number of the Federal assistance programs, as found in the Catalog
of Federal Domestic Assistance, to which this final rule would apply are: 10.099
Conservation Loans; 10.404 Emergency Loans; 10.406 Farm Operating Loans;
and10.407 Farm Ownership Loans.
List of Subjects Back to Top
7 CFR Part 761

Accounting
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 762

Agriculture
    Banks
    Banking
    Credit
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Agricultural commodities
    Livestock

7 CFR Part 764

Agriculture
    Disaster assistance
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Agricultural commodities
    Livestock

7 CFR Part 765

Agriculture
    Credit
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Agricultural commodities
    Livestock

For the reasons discussed above, FSA amends 7 CFR chapter VII as follows:
begin regulatory text
PART 761--FARM LOAN PROGRAM; GENERAL PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION Back to Top

The authority citation for part 761 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--General Provisions Back to Top

1.Amend § 761.2(b) as follows:

a. Amend the definition of "Beginning farmer" in paragraph (5) by removing the
word "median" each time it appears and adding the word "average" in its place;

b. Revise the definition of "Debt forgiveness"; and

c. Add the definition of "Veteran farmer" in alphabetical order.

The additions read as follows:
§ 761.2 Abbreviations and definitions.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

* * * * *

Debt forgiveness is a reduction or termination of a debt under the Act in a
manner that results in a loss to the Agency.

(1) Debt forgiveness may be through:

(i) Writing down or writing off a debt pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2001;

(ii) Compromising, adjusting, reducing, or charging off a debt or claim pursuant
to 7 U.S.C. 1981; or

(iii) Paying a loss pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2005 on a FLP loan guaranteed by the
Agency.

(2) Debt forgiveness does not include:

(i) Debt reduction through a conservation contract;

(ii) Any writedown provided as part of the resolution of a discrimination
complaint against the Agency;

(iii) Prior debt forgiveness that has been repaid in its entirety;

(iv) Consolidation, rescheduling, reamortization, or deferral of a loan; or

(v) Forgiveness of YL debt, due to circumstances beyond the borrower's control.

The Agency will use the criteria in 7 CFR 766.104(a)(1) to determine if the
circumstances were beyond the borrower's control.

* * * * *

Veteran farmer is a farmer who has served in the Armed Forces (as defined in 38
U.S.C. 101(10)) and who--

(1) has not operated a farm; or

(2) has operated a farm for not more than 10 years.

* * * * *
§ 761.7 [Amended]

2.In § 761.7, remove paragraph (b)(3).
PART 762--GUARANTEED FARM LOANS Back to Top

3.The authority citation for part 762 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
§ 762.122 [Amended]

4.In § 762.122, remove paragraph (b) and redesignate paragraphs (c) through (e)
as (b) through (d).

5.In § 762.129, revise paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) to read as follows:

The revision reads as follows:
§ 762.129 Percent of guarantee and maximum loss.

(a) Percent of guarantee. The percent of guarantee will not exceed 90 percent
based on the credit risk to the lender and the Agency both before and after the
transaction. The Agency will determine the percentage of guarantee. See
paragraph (b) of this section for exceptions.

(b) Exceptions. The guarantee will be determined by the Agency except:

(1) For OLs and FOs, the guarantee will be issued at 95 percent if:

(i) The sole purpose of a guaranteed FO or OL is to refinance an Agency direct
farm loan. When only a portion of the loan is used to refinance a direct Agency
loan, a weighted percentage of a guarantee will be provided; or

(ii) When the purpose of a guaranteed FO is to participate in the downpayment
loan program; or

(iii) When a guaranteed OL is made to a farmer who is participating in the
Agency's down payment loan program. The guaranteed OL must be made during the
period that a borrower has the down payment loan outstanding; or

(iv) When a guaranteed OL is made to a farmer whose farm land is subject to the
jurisdiction of an Indian tribe and whose loan is secured by one or more
security instruments that are subject to the jurisdiction of an Indian tribe.

(2) For CLs, the guarantee will be issued at 80 percent; however, the guarantee
will be issued at 90 percent if:

(i) The applicant is a qualified SDA farmer; or

(ii) The applicant is a qualified beginning farmer.

(c) CLP and PLP guarantees. All guarantees issued to CLP or PLP lenders will not
be less than 80 percent.

* * * * *
§ 762.130 [Amended]

6.In § 762.130(a)(2)(ii) remove "75" and add "80 or 90" in its place.
PART 764--DIRECT LOAN MAKING Back to Top

7.The authority citation for part 764 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart E--Downpayment Loan Program Back to Top

8.Revise § 764.154(a)(3) to read as follows:
§ 764.154 Rates and terms.

(a) * * *

(3) If the FO loan is part of a joint financing arrangement and the amount of
the Agency's loan does not exceed 50 percent of the total amount financed, the
interest rate charged will be the greater of the following:

(i) The Agency's Direct Farm Ownership rate, available in each Agency office,
minus 2 percent; or

(ii) 2.5 percent.

* * * * *

9.Revise § 764.203(b)(3) to read as follows:
§ 764.203 Limitations.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(3) $667,000; subject to the direct FO dollar limit specified in 7 CFR
761.8(a)(1)(i).

* * * * *
Subpart G--Operating Loan Program Back to Top

10.Revise § 764.252 to read as follows:
§ 764.252 Eligibility requirements.

(a) The applicant must comply with the general eligibility requirements
established in § 764.101.

(b) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note, except as
provided in paragraph (c) of this section, must not have received debt
forgiveness from the Agency on any direct or guaranteed loan.

(c) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note, may receive
direct OL loans to pay annual farm operating and family living expenses,
provided that the applicant meets all other applicable requirements under this
part, if the applicant:

(1) Received a write-down under section 353 of the Act;

(2) Is current on payments under a confirmed reorganization plan under Chapter
11, 12, or 13 of Title 11 of the United States Code; or

(3) Received debt forgiveness on not more than one occasion after April 4, 1996,
resulting directly and primarily from a Presidentially-designated emergency for
the county or contiguous county in which the applicant operates. Only applicants
who were current on all existing direct and guaranteed FLP loans prior to the
beginning date of the incidence period of a Presidentially-designated emergency
and received debt forgiveness on that debt within 3 years after the designation
of such emergency meet this exception.

(d) In the case of an entity applicant, the entity must be:

(1) Controlled by farmers engaged primarily and directly in farming in the
United States; and

(2) Authorized to operate the farm in the State in which the farm is located.

(e) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note, may close an OL
in no more than 7 calendar years, either as an individual or as a member of an
entity, except as provided in paragraphs (e)(1) through (4) of this section. The
years may be consecutive or nonconsecutive, and there is no limit on the number
of OLs closed in a year. Microloans made to a beginning farmer or a veteran
farmer are not counted toward this limitation. Youth loans are not counted
toward this limitation. The following exceptions apply:

(1) This limitation does not apply if the applicant and anyone who will sign the
promissory note is a beginning farmer.

(2) This limitation does not apply if the applicant's land is subject to the
jurisdiction of an Indian tribe, the loan is secured by one or more security
instruments subject to the jurisdiction of an Indian tribe, and commercial
credit is generally not available to such farm operations.

(3) If the applicant, and anyone who will sign the promissory note, has closed
direct OL loans in 4 or more previous calendar years as of April 4, 1996, the
applicant is eligible to close OL loans in any 3 additional years after that
date.

(4) On a case-by-case basis, may be granted a one-time waiver of OL term limits
for a period of 2 years, not subject to administrative appeal, if the applicant:

(i) Has a financially viable operation;

(ii) And in the case of an entity, the members holding the majority interest,
applied for commercial credit from at least two lenders and were unable to
obtain a commercial loan, including an Agency-guaranteed loan; and

(iii) Has successfully completed, or will complete within one year, borrower
training. Previous waivers to the borrower training requirements are not
applicable under this paragraph.

11.Add § 764.254(a)(4) to read as follows:
§ 764.254 Rates and terms.

(a) * * *

(4) The Agency's Direct ML OL interest rate on an ML to a beginning farmer or
veteran farmer is available in each Agency office. ML borrowers in these groups
have the option of choosing the ML OL interest rate or the Direct OL interest
rate in effect at the time of approval, or if lower, the rate in effect at the
time of closing.

* * * * *
§ 764.302 [Amended]

12.In § 764.302, remove paragraph (d) and redesignate paragraphs (e) through (f)
as paragraphs (d) through (e).
PART 765--DIRECT LOAN SERVICING--REGULAR Back to Top

13.The authority citation for part 765 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart F--Required Use and Operation of Agency Security Back to Top

14.Revise § 765.252(b)(1) to read as follows:
§ 765.252 Lease of security.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(1) For FO loans made from December 23, 1985, to February 7, 2014, and loans
other than FO loans secured by real estate and made from December 23, 1985, to
November 1, 2013, the value of the mineral rights must have been included in the
original appraisal in order for the Agency to obtain a security interest in any
oil, gas, and other mineral associated with the real estate security.

* * * * *
end regulatory text

Signed on December 16, 2014.

Val Dolcini,

Administrator, Farm Service Agency.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Meanwhile.Demand for Guaranteed Ag Loans Falls 25%

                           April 18, 2001, Wednesday

BY Ben Jackson



Though the Department of Agriculture can barely keep up with the demand for its
business and industry loans, the agency says borrowing from its more traditional
agricultural loan programs has slowed noticeably.

The Farm Service Agency - an arm of the department that guarantees loans made to
farmers and ranchers - reports that through the first five months of fiscal year
2001 (which began Oct. 1), borrowing was down 25% from the year earlier.

In years past the program typically has run out of money well before the fiscal
year ended - one reason that Congress has more than doubled its budget this year
from 1998, to $2.9 billion.

Bob Bonnet, a branch chief in the Farm Service Agency, said no single factor
explains why the agency had guaranteed just 1,817 loans this fiscal year,
through Feb. 28. In fact, a committee of bankers and guaranteed lenders met at a
conference in late March and came up with 15 reasons for slowing demand,
according to Mike Jorgensen, president of the $27 million-asset Nebraska State
Bank in Oshkosh.

Mr. Jorgensen highlighted two chief reasons that volume is down at his bank and
throughout Nebraska: government payments and off-farm income.

Last year farmers got more than $23 billion of direct payments from the federal
government - compared with $7.3 billion in 1996 - and thus have had less need to
borrow. Also, Mr. Jorgensen said, many heads of farm households have gone out
and gotten second jobs as their farms struggled to make a profit in the current
period of low commodity prices.

Other possible explanations, Mr. Jorgensen said, were offered at the conference:

The Farm Service Agency's lending limit of $731,000 often does not meet the
needs of expanding farms.

Increased competition for loans from nonfinancial services companies, such as
John Deere Inc.

Fewer lenders and farmers are entering

the program because most of those interested already participate.

James E. Kullmer, vice president of the $33 million-asset Benton County State
Bank in Blairstown, Iowa, handles the loans for his bank and also acts as a
consultant to other banks wanting to make guaranteed loans. Though he has not
submitted as many applications to the Farm Service Agency this fiscal year as he
had at this time last year, he said that the year is only half over, and the
spring planting season, when borrowing typically rises, has just arrived.

"The government payments have been just enough to get guys over the hump for
next year," Mr. Kullmer said.

Copyright c 2001 Thomson Financial. All Rights Reserved.

SECTION: SUPPLEMENT: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 432 words

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 American Banker, Inc.


                              83 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 1, 2015 Thursday

Farm Loan Programs

LENGTH: 6021  words


Washington, D.C.: This Rule document was issued by the Farm Service Agency
(FSA):

Action

Final rule.
Summary

The Farm Service Agency (FSA) is amending Farm Loan Programs (FLP) loan making
and servicing regulations to reflect several changes required by the
Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill). The changes were implemented
administratively upon the passage of the 2014 Farm Bill; this rule makes
conforming amendments in the FSA regulations.
Dates

Effective: December 31, 2014.
For Further Information Contact

Bradley A. Johnson, telephone: (202) 720-5847. Persons with disabilities or who
require alternative means for communications (Braille, large print, audiotape,
etc.) should contact the USDA Target Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice).
Supplementary Information
Background

The FSA FLP direct loans and loan guarantees provide credit to farmers whose
financial risk exceeds a level acceptable to commercial lenders. Through direct
and guaranteed Farm Ownership loans (FO), Operating Loans (OL), and Conservation
Loans (CL); direct Microloans (ML), direct Emergency Loans (EM) and Land
Contract (LC) guarantees, FSA assists tens of thousands of farmers each year in
starting and maintaining profitable farm businesses. FSA loan funds may be used
to pay normal operating or family living expenses; make capital improvements;
refinance certain debts; and purchase farmland, livestock, equipment, feed and
other materials essential to farm operations. FSA services extend beyond the
typical loan by offering farmers ongoing consultation and advice, to help to
make their farm successful. These loans are a temporary source of credit.
Farmers with direct loans generally are required to graduate to other credit
when their financial condition will allow them to do so.

In addition, the YL Program provides operating loans of up to $5,000 to eligible
individual youths, ages 10 to 20, to finance income producing, agriculture
related projects. The project must be of modest size, educational and initiated,
developed and carried out by youths participating in 4-H Clubs, Future Farmers
of America (FFA), or a similar organization.

Throughout this rule, any reference to "farm" or "farmer" also includes "ranch"
or "rancher", respectively.

This rule makes changes in the FSA regulations required by several provisions of
the 2014 Farm Bill (Pub. L. 113-79) regarding FSA's loan making and servicing
programs. More specifically, the changes:

Increase the percent of guarantee for CLs;
    Reduce the interest rate for direct FOs made under a joint financing
arrangement;
    Eliminate the oil, gas, and mineral appraisal requirement;
    Increase the maximum loan amount for a direct FO made under the downpayment
program;
    Eliminate the rural residency requirement for the YLs ;
    Allow a borrower who had YL debt forgiveness to receive future Government
loans under certain circumstances;
    Exclude MLs to beginning or veteran farmers from the existing OL term
limitations, and add a special ML interest rate available to beginning and
veteran farmers;
    Eliminate the term limit for guaranteed OLs; and
    Amend the definition of a beginning farmer, specifically the maximum owned
acreage requirement.

CL; Increase Percent of Guarantee

Guaranteed CLs promote conservation practices on farms that help protect natural
resources, and provide credit for farmers to implement these conservation
measures on their land. Unlike FSA's traditional FO and OL Programs that are
targeted toward family and less financially established farmers, eligibility
requirements for the CL Program permit FSA to provide assistance to applicants
who may not be a family farmer or are financially strong.

Section 5002 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 304(e) of the Consolidated
Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT) (7 U.S.C. 1924e) to increase the percent
of guarantee for CLs from 75 percent to 80 percent, and authorized a 90 percent
guarantee for a qualified beginning or socially disadvantaged (SDA) farmer.
Lenders will now be able to have a greater guarantee on CLs.

Previously, CL received a 75 percent guarantee, which was less than the typical
90 percent guarantee on an FO or farm OL guarantee. Partially due to this lower
percentage of guarantee, the use of CLs have been extremely limited since
guaranteed FO or OL funds may also be used for conservation purposes.

This rule amends 7 CFR 762.129 and 762.130 to increase the percent of guarantee
for CL. The increase in CL guarantee to 80 percent and the even higher 90
percent guarantee to beginning or SDA farmers will increase the use of CL
guarantees used to implement conservation practices, which benefit not only the
farmer, but the environment as well.
Direct FO as Part of Joint Financing Arrangement; Interest Rate

Direct FOs made as part of a participation (joint financing) arrangement are
eligible for a special joint financing interest rate. These loans require that a
commercial lender or private party provide a portion of the financing, such that
the FO does not exceed 50 percent of the total amount financed. FOs may be used
to purchase a farm, enlarge an existing farm, construct or improve farm
structures, pay closing costs, and for soil and water conservation and
protection. Repayment terms may be as long as 40 years and the maximum FO
indebtedness is limited to $300,000.

Section 5003 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 307(a)(3) of the CONACT (7
U.S.C. 1927(a)(3)) to reduce the interest rate for FOs that are part of a joint
financing arrangement. This joint financing interest rate is the direct
FOregular interest rate minus 2 percent, with a floor of 2.5 percent.

Previously, the joint financing interest rate for FOs was 5 percent and has been
since March 24, 1997. For several years, the joint financing interest rate of 5
percent has been higher than the direct FO interest rate. As a result, there has
been no financial incentive for the farmer to finance a portion of the real
estate purchase with another lender, unless she or he qualified as a beginning
or SDA farmer who was able to receive a downpayment FO with a lower interest
rate.

This rule amends 7 CFR 764.154 to change the interest rate for FOs that are part
of a joint financing arrangement. This reduced interest rate for FOs made under
a joint financing agreement will encourage farmers to seek commercial lender
financing, and therefore reduce FSA financing of the farm to 50 percent or less.
FSA expects to be able to leverage the use of our typically limited direct FO
funds, to assist an even greater number of eligible family farmers.
Mineral Rights Appraisal; Eliminate Requirement

FSA uses appraisals to determine the value of real and personal property.
Appraisals ensure there is adequate security to support FSA loan making and
servicing actions.

Section 5004 of the 2014 Farm Bill eliminated the requirement that in order for
FSA to have the rights to oil, gas, or other minerals as FO collateral, the
products' value must be considered in the appraised value of the real estate
securing the loan.

Section 307(d) of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1927(d)), previously required that for
FOs; the value of oil, gas, or other minerals must be included in the appraised
value of the real estate security in order for FSA to have a valid lien on those
products. This rule removes this mineral appraisal requirement in 7 CFR 761.7
and 765.252 for all future FLP loans. For all loans made after February 7, 2014,
the date of the 2014 Farm Bill was enacted, FSA will have a security interest in
oil, gas, or other minerals on or under the property regardless of whether the
value of those products were included in the appraisal value of the property.
This security interest is reflected in the FSA mortgage forms.
Downpayment FOs; Increase Maximum Loan Amount

FSA downpayment FOs are used to assist beginning and SDA farmers in purchasing a
farm. The loans have a lower interest rate than other FO loans and require
participation by another lender, along with cash down payment requirement of 5
percent.

Section 5005 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 310E(b)(1)(C) of the CONACT
(7 U.S.C. 1935(b)(1)(C)) to increase the maximum loan limit for downpayment FOs
to 45 percent of $667,000. This amount is $300,150; however, section 305 of the
CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1925) limits the maximum loan amount for each FO, including
downpayment FOs, to $300,000.

Previously, downpayment FOs were limited to a maximum of $225,000 (45 percent of
$500,000) and all other types of direct FOs were limited to $300,000. This
difference in maximum loan amounts was a limiting factor in many loan
transactions, particularly as loan amounts have increased due to rising farm
real estate values. The rule amends 7 CFR 764.203 to increase the maximum loan
limit for downpayment FO loans to $300,000.
YL; Eliminate Rural Residency Requirement

FSA makes YL of up to $5,000 to eligible individual youths, ages 10 to 20, to
finance income producing and agricultural related projects. The project must be
modest in size, educational, and initiated, developed and carried out by youths
participating in a 4-H Club, FFA, or similar organization.

Section 5102 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311(b)(1) of the CONACT (7
U.S.C. 1941(b)(1)) to eliminate the rural residency requirement for YL. Eligible
youth in suburban and urban areas will now be eligible for YL.

Previously, to be eligible for a YL the applicant had to reside in a rural area.
FSA regulations further defined this as "residing in a rural area, city, or town
with a population of 50,000 or fewer people." The rule amends 7 CFR 764.302 to
eliminate the rural residency requirement for YL. The removal of this
requirement now allows FSA to extend YL assistance to youth residing in suburban
and urban areas to finance eligible agricultural related projects.
YL; Forgiveness of Debt

Forgiveness of YL debt, due to circumstances beyond the borrower's control, will
no longer preclude the borrower from obtaining additional loans from any U.S.
Government agency. Additionally, borrowers with YL debt forgiveness, or who are
delinquent on a YL, will now be able to receive student loans. The servicing and
collection of YLs is not affected by the statute and will continue under the
present regulations.

Section 5103 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311(b) of the CONACT (7
U.S.C. 1941(b)) to authorize the Secretary of Agriculture to, on a case by case
basis, provide debt forgiveness of a YL if the borrower was unable to repay the
loan due to circumstances beyond the control of the borrower. The Secretary may
also determine that the debt forgiveness was caused by national disaster, act of
terrorism, or other man-made disaster that resulted in an inordinate level of
damage severely affecting the YL borrower. The debt forgiveness provided by this
section is not to be used by other Federal agencies in determining eligibility
of the borrower for any loan made or guaranteed by that agency.

In no case will a borrower provided debt forgiveness or a delinquent borrower be
denied a loan or loan guarantee from the Federal government to pay for
educational expenses of the borrower. As a practical matter, FSA has always
provided debt forgiveness, in the form of debt settlement, to YL borrowers on
the same terms as any other borrower. To determine if the forgiveness is beyond
the borrower's control, consideration of the circumstances will be added to the
Agency Handbooks and this rule revises the definition of "debt forgiveness" in 7
CFR 761.2. This will ensure that, if the inability to pay giving rise to the
debt forgiveness was due to circumstances beyond the borrower's control, it will
not be used in consideration of a FSA loan application. As this is a mandate on
the entire Federal Government with particular emphasis on loans for educational
expenses, FSA will also make information regarding this change available to all
YL borrowers who receive debt forgiveness and any other Federal agency that is
considering a loan application from the borrower after debt forgiveness or while
they are delinquent.

With regard to YL debt servicing prior to debt forgiveness, the Debt Collection
Improvement Act of 1996 (DCIA) (Pub. L. 104-134, April 26, 1996) requires that
delinquent debts be reported to Treasury so that centralized collection can be
pursued through the Treasury Offset Program and outside collection agencies.
Section 373 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 2008h) also limits FSA direct loan borrowers
to only one debt forgiveness from FSA. These requirements were not changed by
the 2014 Farm Bill.
ML; Exclude From OL Term Limit Rule and Special Interest Rate for Beginning or
Veteran Farmers

FSA initiated the ML Program in 2013 to better serve the unique financial
operating needs of beginning, niche, or the smallest of family farm operations.
ML offers more flexible access to credit for these types of family farm
operations, who often face limited financing options.

Section 5106 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C.
1941) to exclude MLs made to beginning or veteran farmers from the direct OL
term limit. Section 12201 of the 2014 Farm Bill defines a "veteran farmer or
rancher" as someone who has served in the Armed Forces of the United States and
who has not farmed, or has farmed for 10 years or less. This rule amends 7 CFR
761.2 to include the definition of a veteran farmer.

As previously mentioned, the term "farm" or "farmer" also includes the term
"ranch" or "rancher," respectively. Therefore, all references to the term "farm"
or "farmer" will also respectively include "ranch" or "rancher," including the
definition of a "veteran farmer." Once the farmer is no longer a beginning
farmer or once a veteran has farmed more than 10 years, any ML they receive will
count toward the OL term limit. Section 5106 of the 2014 Farm Bill also amended
section 316 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1946) to make available a special interest
rate on ML equal to half the rate on 5-year treasuries plus 1 percent, but never
less than 5 percent, to beginning or veteran farmers.

Previously, only MLs made to beginning farmers were excluded from the OL term
limit. This rule amends 7 CFR 764.252 to expand the exclusion to include veteran
farmers.

In addition, previously the ML interest rate was either the regular OL rate or a
limited resource rate. This rule amends 7 CFR 764.254 to add the 2014 Farm Bill
special ML interest rate that will be at the same rate as the limited resource
OL rate, but will not be subject to special servicing reviews by FSA since it
will not be considered a limited resource interest rate. For a beginning or a
veteran farmer applying for a ML, they will now be able to choose between the
direct OL interest rate and the special ML interest rate. These changes in the
ML program will benefit both beginning and veteran farmers, who typically have
fewer financial resources and limited options available to finance their farming
operation.
Guaranteed OL; Eliminate Term Limit

Section 5107 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 319 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C.
1949) to eliminate all guaranteed OL term limits. Family farmers will no longer
be restricted in the number of years they can receive a guaranteed OL.

Guaranteed OLs are used to assist family farmers to obtain credit for normal
operating expenses, machinery, equipment, and livestock purchases, minor real
estate repairs or improvement, and to refinance debt. The repayment term may
vary, but are never longer than 7 years. OLs used to pay for normal operating
expenses are set up as a line of credit and are typically repaid within 12
months.

Previously, guaranteed OL borrowers were limited to no more than 15 years in
which they could receive OLs. As a result, many family farmers who continued to
have difficulty in meeting lender credit standards and had received 15 years of
OL, were unable to receive additional guaranteed OLs. The rule amends 7 CFR
762.122 to eliminate all guaranteed OL term limits. These family farmers will
now be able to obtain additional guaranteed OLs, which typically will provide
them with access to credit on better rates and terms.
Beginning Farmer; Amending Definition To Modify Acreage Ownership Limitation

Section 5303 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 343 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C.
1991) to change the owned real farm property limit from 30 percent of the median
farm acreage to 30 percent of the average farm acreage. FSA makes and guarantees
loans to beginning farmers who are unable to obtain financing from commercial
lenders. Each fiscal year, FSA targets a portion of its direct and guaranteed FO
and OL funds to beginning farmers.

Previously, to meet FSA's definition of a beginning farmer, the loan applicant
must not have owned real farm property that exceeded 30 percent of the median
farm acreage, except for an OL applicant. According to the 2012 Census of
Agriculture, nationally the median size farm is 80 acres, while the average size
farm is 434 acres. The farm acreage limit, previously based on the median, set a
limit so low in many counties it precluded applicants who owned small acreages
of real farm property from qualifying as a beginning farmer. This eliminated
many otherwise qualified applicants from accessing FSA farm loan funds targeted
to beginning farmers. The rule amends 7 CFR 761.2 to change the owned real farm
property limit. The farm acreage limit, now based on the average, will now allow
many qualified applicants access to farm loan funds targeted to beginning
farmers, which previously were not available to them.
Notice and Comment

In general, the Administrative Procedure Act (5 U.S.C. 553) requires that a
notice of proposed rulemaking be published in theFederal Registerand interested
persons be given an opportunity to participate in the rulemaking through
submission of written data, views, or arguments with or without opportunity for
oral presentation, except when the rule involves a matter relating to public
property, loans, grants, benefits, or contracts. This rule involved matters
relating to loans and is therefore being published as a final rule without the
opportunity for comments.
Effective Date

The Administrative Procedure Act provides generally that before rules are issued
by Government agencies, the rule is required to be published in theFederal
Register, and the required publication of a substantive rule is to be not less
than 30 days before its effective date. One of the exceptions is when the agency
finds good cause for not delaying the effective date. As noted above, the
changes in this rule are conforming changes because the 2014 Farm Bill allowed
no discretion in the changes and thus were implemented administratively after
the enactment of the 2014 Farm Bill. Using the administrative procedure
provisions in 5 U.S.C. 553, FSA finds that there is good cause for making this
rule effective less than 30 days after publication in theFederal Register.
Therefore, this final rule is effective when published in theFederal Register.
Executive Order 12866 and 13563

Executive Order 12866, "Regulatory Planning and Review," and Executive Order
13563, "Improving Regulation and Regulatory Review," direct agencies to assess
all costs and benefits of available regulatory alternatives and, if regulation
is necessary, to select regulatory approaches that maximize net benefits
(including potential economic, environmental, public health and safety effects,
distributive impacts, and equity). Executive Order 13563 emphasizes the
importance of quantifying both costs and benefits, of reducing costs, of
harmonizing rules, and of promoting flexibility.

The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) designated this rule as notsignificant
under Executive Order 12866, "Regulatory Planning and Review," and, therefore,
OMB was not required to review this final rule.
Regulatory Flexibility Act

In accordance with the Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601-612), as amended
by the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act of 1996 (SBREFA),
generally require an agency to prepare a regulatory flexibility analysis of any
rule subject to the notice and comment rulemaking requirements under APA or any
other law, unless the agency certifies that the rule will not have a significant
economic impact on a substantial number of small entities. All FSA direct loan
borrowers and all farm entities affected by this rule are small businesses
according to the North American Industry Classification System and the U. S.
Small Business Administration. There is no diversity in size of the entities
affected by this rule, and the costs to comply with it are the same for all
entities.

In this rule, FSA is revising regulations that affect both loan making and loan
servicing. FSA does not expect these changes to impose any additional cost to
the lenders or borrowers. Therefore, FSA certifies that this rule will not have
a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities.
Environmental

The environmental impacts of this rule have been considered in a manner
consistent with the provisions of the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA,
42 U.S.C. 4321-4347), the regulations of the Council on Environmental Quality
(40 CFR parts 1500-1508), and the FSA regulations for compliance with NEPA (7
CFR part 1940, subpart G). The changes contained in the rule are all mandatory
changes required by the 2014 Farm Bill and involved no discretion by FSA, either
in whether to implement or how to implement the changes; therefore, they are not
subject to review under NEPA. FSA is making these changes through a final rule
to update the regulations to match the changes previously implemented
administratively with an agency directive in February 2014. As such, FSA will
not prepare an environmental assessment or environmental impact statement for
this regulatory action.
Executive Order 12372

Executive Order 12372, "Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs," requires
consultation with State and local officials. The objectives of the Executive
Order are to foster an intergovernmental partnership and a strengthened
Federalism, by relying on State and local processes for State and local
government coordination and review of proposed Federal Financial assistance and
direct Federal development. For reasons set forth in the Notice to 7 CFR part
3015, subpart V (48 FR 29115, June 24, 1983), the programs and activities within
this rule are excluded from the scope of Executive Order 12372.
Executive Order 12988

This final rule has been reviewed in accordance with Executive Order 12988,
"Civil Justice Reform." This rule will not preempt State and local laws and
regulations unless they represent an irreconcilable conflict with this rule.
Before any judicial action may be brought concerning the provisions of this rule
the administrative appeal provisions of 7 CFR parts 11 and 780 are to be
exhausted.
Executive Order 13132

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 13132, "Federalism." The
policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial direct effect on
States, the relationship between the Federal government and the States, or the
distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
government. Nor does this rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on
State and local governments. Therefore, consultation with the States is not
required.
Executive Order 13175

This rule has been reviewed in accordance with the requirements of Executive
Order 13175, "Consultation and Coordination with Indian Tribal Governments."
Executive Order 13175 requires Federal agencies to consult and coordinate with
tribes on a government-to-government basis on policies that have tribal
implications, including regulations, legislative comments or proposed
legislation, and other policy statements or actions that have substantial direct
effects on one or more Indian tribes, on the relationship between the Federal
Government and Indian tribes or on the distribution of power and
responsibilities between the Federal Government and Indian tribes.

FSA has assessed the impact of this rule on Indian tribes and determined that
this rule does not, to our knowledge, have tribal implications that require
tribal consultation under Executive Order 13175. If a Tribe requests
consultation, FSA will work with the USDA Office of Tribal Relations to ensure
meaningful consultation is provided where changes, additions, and modifications
identified in this rule are not expressly mandated by the 2014 Farm Bill.
Unfunded Mandates

Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (UMRA, Pub. L. 104-4)
requires Federal agencies to assess the effects of their regulatory actions on
State, local, or Tribal governments or the private sector. Agencies generally
must prepare a written statement, including a cost benefit analysis, for final
rule with Federal mandates that may result in expenditures of $100 million or
more in any 1 year for State, local, or Tribal governments, in the aggregate, or
to the private sector. UMRA generally requires agencies to consider alternatives
and adopt the more cost effective or least burdensome alternative that achieves
the objectives of the rule. This rule contains no Federal mandates under the
regulatory provisions of Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995
(UMRA, Pub. L. 104-4) for State, local, or Tribal governments, or private
sector. Therefore, this rule is not subject to the requirements of sections 202
and 205 of UMRA.
Paperwork Reduction Act

This regulatory changes in this final rule do not require any changes to the
currently information collection request of OMB control numbers, 0560-0155,
0560-0233, 0560-0236, 0560-0237, 0560-0238 and 0560-0230.
E-Government Act Compliance

FSA is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to promote the use of
the Internet and other information technologies to provide increased
opportunities for citizen access to Government information and services and
other purposes.
Federal Assistance Programs

The title and number of the Federal assistance programs, as found in the Catalog
of Federal Domestic Assistance, to which this final rule would apply are: 10.099
Conservation Loans; 10.404 Emergency Loans; 10.406 Farm Operating Loans;
and10.407 Farm Ownership Loans.
List of Subjects

Accounting, Loan programs--agriculture, Rural areas.

Agriculture, Banks, Banking, Credit, Loan programs--agriculture, Agricultural
commodities, Livestock.

Agriculture, Disaster assistance, Loan programs--agriculture, Agricultural
commodities, Livestock.

Agriculture, Credit, Loan programs--agriculture, Agricultural commodities,
Livestock.

For the reasons discussed above, FSA amends 7 CFR chapter VII as follows:
Regulatory Text
Part 761 Farm Loan Program General Program Administration

The authority citation for part 761 continues to read as follows:
Authority

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart a General Provisions

1. Amend § 761.2(b) as follows:

a. Amend the definition of "Beginning farmer" in paragraph (5) by removing the
word "median" each time it appears and adding the word "average" in its place;

b. Revise the definition of "Debt forgiveness"; and

c. Add the definition of "Veteran farmer" in alphabetical order.

The additions read as follows:
§ 761.2 Abbreviations and definitions.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

* * * * *

Debt forgiveness is a reduction or termination of a debt under the Act in a
manner that results in a loss to the Agency.

(1) Debt forgiveness may be through:

(i) Writing down or writing off a debt pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2001;

(ii) Compromising, adjusting, reducing, or charging off a debt or claim pursuant
to 7 U.S.C. 1981; or

(iii) Paying a loss pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2005 on a FLP loan guaranteed by the
Agency.

(2) Debt forgiveness does not include:

(i) Debt reduction through a conservation contract;

(ii) Any writedown provided as part of the resolution of a discrimination
complaint against the Agency;

(iii) Prior debt forgiveness that has been repaid in its entirety;

(iv) Consolidation, rescheduling, reamortization, or deferral of a loan; or

(v) Forgiveness of YL debt, due to circumstances beyond the borrower's control.

The Agency will use the criteria in 7 CFR 766.104(a)(1) to determine if the
circumstances were beyond the borrower's control.

* * * * *

Veteran farmer is a farmer who has served in the Armed Forces (as defined in 38
U.S.C. 101(10)) and who--

(1) has not operated a farm; or

(2) has operated a farm for not more than 10 years.

* * * * *
§ 761.7 [Amended]

2. In § 761.7, remove paragraph (b)(3).
Part 762 Guaranteed Farm Loans

3. The authority citation for part 762 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
§ 762.122 [Amended]

4. In § 762.122, remove paragraph (b) and redesignate paragraphs (c) through (e)
as (b) through (d).

5. In § 762.129, revise paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) to read as follows:

The revision reads as follows:
§ 762.129 Percent of guarantee and maximum loss.

(a) Percent of guarantee. The percent of guarantee will not exceed 90 percent
based on the credit risk to the lender and the Agency both before and after the
transaction. The Agency will determine the percentage of guarantee. See
paragraph (b) of this section for exceptions.

(b) Exceptions. The guarantee will be determined by the Agency except:

(1) For OLs and FOs, the guarantee will be issued at 95 percent if:

(i) The sole purpose of a guaranteed FO or OL is to refinance an Agency direct
farm loan. When only a portion of the loan is used to refinance a direct Agency
loan, a weighted percentage of a guarantee will be provided; or

(ii) When the purpose of a guaranteed FO is to participate in the downpayment
loan program; or

(iii) When a guaranteed OL is made to a farmer who is participating in the
Agency's down payment loan program. The guaranteed OL must be made during the
period that a borrower has the down payment loan outstanding; or

(iv) When a guaranteed OL is made to a farmer whose farm land is subject to the
jurisdiction of an Indian tribe and whose loan is secured by one or more
security instruments that are subject to the jurisdiction of an Indian tribe.

(2) For CLs, the guarantee will be issued at 80 percent; however, the guarantee
will be issued at 90 percent if:

(i) The applicant is a qualified SDA farmer; or

(ii) The applicant is a qualified beginning farmer.

(c) CLP and PLP guarantees. All guarantees issued to CLP or PLP lenders will not
be less than 80 percent.

* * * * *
§ 762.130 [Amended]

6. In § 762.130(a)(2)(ii) remove "75" and add "80 or 90" in its place.
Part 764 Direct Loan Making

7. The authority citation for part 764 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart E--Downpayment Loan Program

8. Revise § 764.154(a)(3) to read as follows:
§ 764.154 Rates and terms.

(a) * * *

(3) If the FO loan is part of a joint financing arrangement and the amount of
the Agency's loan does not exceed 50 percent of the total amount financed, the
interest rate charged will be the greater of the following:

(i) The Agency's Direct Farm Ownership rate, available in each Agency office,
minus 2 percent; or

(ii) 2.5 percent.

* * * * *

9. Revise § 764.203(b)(3) to read as follows:
§ 764.203 Limitations.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(3) $667,000; subject to the direct FO dollar limit specified in 7 CFR
761.8(a)(1)(i).

* * * * *
Subpart G--Operating Loan Program

10. Revise § 764.252 to read as follows:
§ 764.252 Eligibility requirements.

(a) The applicant must comply with the general eligibility requirements
established in § 764.101.

(b) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note, except as
provided in paragraph (c) of this section, must not have received debt
forgiveness from the Agency on any direct or guaranteed loan.

(c) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note, may receive
direct OL loans to pay annual farm operating and family living expenses,
provided that the applicantmeets all other applicable requirements under this
part, if the applicant:

(1) Received a write-down under section 353 of the Act;

(2) Is current on payments under a confirmed reorganization plan under Chapter
11, 12, or 13 of Title 11 of the United States Code; or

(3) Received debt forgiveness on not more than one occasion after April 4, 1996,
resulting directly and primarily from a Presidentially-designated emergency for
the county or contiguous county in which the applicant operates. Only applicants
who were current on all existing direct and guaranteed FLP loans prior to the
beginning date of the incidence period of a Presidentially-designated emergency
and received debt forgiveness on that debt within 3 years after the designation
of such emergency meet this exception.

(d) In the case of an entity applicant, the entity must be:

(1) Controlled by farmers engaged primarily and directly in farming in the
United States; and

(2) Authorized to operate the farm in the State in which the farm is located.

(e) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note, may close an OL
in no more than 7 calendar years, either as an individual or as a member of an
entity, except as provided in paragraphs (e)(1) through (4) of this section. The
years may be consecutive or nonconsecutive, and there is no limit on the number
of OLs closed in a year. Microloans made to a beginning farmer or a veteran
farmer are not counted toward this limitation. Youth loans are not counted
toward this limitation. The following exceptions apply:

(1) This limitation does not apply if the applicant and anyone who will sign the
promissory note is a beginning farmer.

(2) This limitation does not apply if the applicant's land is subject to the
jurisdiction of an Indian tribe, the loan is secured by one or more security
instruments subject to the jurisdiction of an Indian tribe, and commercial
credit is generally not available to such farm operations.

(3) If the applicant, and anyone who will sign the promissory note, has closed
direct OL loans in 4 or more previous calendar years as of April 4, 1996, the
applicant is eligible to close OL loans in any 3 additional years after that
date.

(4) On a case-by-case basis, may be granted a one-time waiver of OL term limits
for a period of 2 years, not subject to administrative appeal, if the applicant:

(i) Has a financially viable operation;

(ii) And in the case of an entity, the members holding the majority interest,
applied for commercial credit from at least two lenders and were unable to
obtain a commercial loan, including an Agency-guaranteed loan; and

(iii) Has successfully completed, or will complete within one year, borrower
training. Previous waivers to the borrower training requirements are not
applicable under this paragraph.

11. Add § 764.254(a)(4) to read as follows:
§ 764.254 Rates and terms.

(a) * * *

(4) The Agency's Direct ML OL interest rate on an ML to a beginning farmer or
veteran farmer is available in each Agency office. ML borrowers in these groups
have the option of choosing the ML OL interest rate or the Direct OL interest
rate in effect at the time of approval, or if lower, the rate in effect at the
time of closing.

* * * * *
§ 764.302 [Amended]

12. In § 764.302, remove paragraph (d) and redesignate paragraphs (e) through
(f) as paragraphs (d) through (e).
Part 765 Direct Loan Servicing Regular

13. The authority citation for part 765 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart F--Required Use and Operation of Agency Security

14. Revise § 765.252(b)(1) to read as follows:
§ 765.252 Lease of security.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(1) For FO loans made from December 23, 1985, to February 7, 2014, and loans
other than FO loans secured by real estate and made from December 23, 1985, to
November 1, 2013, the value of the mineral rights must have been included in the
original appraisal in order for the Agency to obtain a security interest in any
oil, gas, and other mineral associated with the real estate security.

* * * * *
Signed on December 16, 2014.
Val Dolcini,
Administrator, Farm Service Agency.
[FR Doc. 2014-30172 Filed 12-30-14; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-05-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 31, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Farm Loan Programs; Programs Changes

LENGTH: 6284  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Register has published the following document:

[Federal Register Volume 79, Number 250 (Wednesday, December 31, 2014)]
[Rules and Regulations]
[Pages 78689-78694]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2014-30172]

========================================================================
Rules and Regulations
 Federal Register
________________________________________________________________________

This section of the FEDERAL REGISTER contains regulatory documents
having general applicability and legal effect, most of which are keyed
to and codified in the Code of Federal Regulations, which is published
under 50 titles pursuant to 44 U.S.C. 1510.

The Code of Federal Regulations is sold by the Superintendent of Documents.
Prices of new books are listed in the first FEDERAL REGISTER issue of each
week.

========================================================================


Federal Register / Vol. 79, No. 250 / Wednesday, December 31, 2014 /
Rules and Regulations

[[Page 78689]]

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Farm Service Agency

7 CFR Parts 761, 762, 764, and 765

RIN 0560-AI29


Farm Loan Programs; Programs Changes

AGENCY: Farm Service Agency, USDA.

ACTION: Final rule.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: The Farm Service Agency (FSA) is amending Farm Loan Programs
(FLP) loan making and servicing regulations to reflect several changes
required by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill). The changes
were implemented administratively upon the passage of the 2014 Farm
Bill; this rule makes conforming amendments in the FSA regulations.

DATES: Effective: December 31, 2014.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Bradley A. Johnson, telephone: (202)
720-5847. Persons with disabilities or who require alternative means
for communications (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) should
contact the USDA Target Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice).

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

Background

The FSA FLP direct loans and loan guarantees provide credit to
farmers whose financial risk exceeds a level acceptable to commercial
lenders. Through direct and guaranteed Farm Ownership loans (FO),
Operating Loans (OL), and Conservation Loans (CL); direct Microloans
(ML), direct Emergency Loans (EM) and Land Contract (LC) guarantees,
FSA assists tens of thousands of farmers each year in starting and
maintaining profitable farm businesses. FSA loan funds may be used to
pay normal operating or family living expenses; make capital
improvements; refinance certain debts; and purchase farmland,
livestock, equipment, feed and other materials essential to farm
operations. FSA services extend beyond the typical loan by offering
farmers ongoing consultation and advice, to help to make their farm
successful. These loans are a temporary source of credit. Farmers with
direct loans generally are required to graduate to other credit when
their financial condition will allow them to do so.
 In addition, the YL Program provides operating loans of up to
$5,000 to eligible individual youths, ages 10 to 20, to finance income
producing, agriculture related projects. The project must be of modest
size, educational and initiated, developed and carried out by youths
participating in 4-H Clubs, Future Farmers of America (FFA), or a
similar organization.
 Throughout this rule, any reference to ``farm'' or ``farmer'' also
includes ``ranch'' or ``rancher'', respectively.
 This rule makes changes in the FSA regulations required by several
provisions of the 2014 Farm Bill (Pub. L. 113-79) regarding FSA's loan
making and servicing programs. More specifically, the changes:
 Increase the percent of guarantee for CLs;
 Reduce the interest rate for direct FOs made under a joint
financing arrangement;
 Eliminate the oil, gas, and mineral appraisal requirement;
 Increase the maximum loan amount for a direct FO made
under the downpayment program;
 Eliminate the rural residency requirement for the YLs ;
 Allow a borrower who had YL debt forgiveness to receive
future Government loans under certain circumstances;
 Exclude MLs to beginning or veteran farmers from the
existing OL term limitations, and add a special ML interest rate
available to beginning and veteran farmers;
 Eliminate the term limit for guaranteed OLs; and
 Amend the definition of a beginning farmer, specifically
the maximum owned acreage requirement.

CL; Increase Percent of Guarantee

Guaranteed CLs promote conservation practices on farms that help
protect natural resources, and provide credit for farmers to implement
these conservation measures on their land. Unlike FSA's traditional FO
and OL Programs that are targeted toward family and less financially
established farmers, eligibility requirements for the CL Program permit
FSA to provide assistance to applicants who may not be a family farmer
or are financially strong.
 Section 5002 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 304(e) of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT) (7 U.S.C. 1924e)
to increase the percent of guarantee for CLs from 75 percent to 80
percent, and authorized a 90 percent guarantee for a qualified
beginning or socially disadvantaged (SDA) farmer. Lenders will now be
able to have a greater guarantee on CLs.
 Previously, CL received a 75 percent guarantee, which was less than
the typical 90 percent guarantee on an FO or farm OL guarantee.
Partially due to this lower percentage of guarantee, the use of CLs
have been extremely limited since guaranteed FO or OL funds may also be
used for conservation purposes.
 This rule amends 7 CFR 762.129 and 762.130 to increase the percent
of guarantee for CL. The increase in CL guarantee to 80 percent and the
even higher 90 percent guarantee to beginning or SDA farmers will
increase the use of CL guarantees used to implement conservation
practices, which benefit not only the farmer, but the environment as
well.

Direct FO as Part of Joint Financing Arrangement; Interest Rate

Direct FOs made as part of a participation (joint financing)
arrangement are eligible for a special joint financing interest rate.
These loans require that a commercial lender or private party provide a
portion of the financing, such that the FO does not exceed 50 percent
of the total amount financed. FOs may be used to purchase a farm,
enlarge an existing farm, construct or improve farm structures, pay
closing costs, and for soil and water conservation and protection.
Repayment terms may be as long as 40 years and the maximum FO
indebtedness is limited to $300,000.
 Section 5003 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 307(a)(3) of the
CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1927(a)(3)) to reduce the interest rate for FOs that
are part of a joint financing arrangement. This joint financing
interest rate is the direct FO

[[Page 78690]]

regular interest rate minus 2 percent, with a floor of 2.5 percent.
 Previously, the joint financing interest rate for FOs was 5 percent
and has been since March 24, 1997. For several years, the joint
financing interest rate of 5 percent has been higher than the direct FO
interest rate. As a result, there has been no financial incentive for
the farmer to finance a portion of the real estate purchase with
another lender, unless she or he qualified as a beginning or SDA farmer
who was able to receive a downpayment FO with a lower interest rate.
 This rule amends 7 CFR 764.154 to change the interest rate for FOs
that are part of a joint financing arrangement. This reduced interest
rate for FOs made under a joint financing agreement will encourage
farmers to seek commercial lender financing, and therefore reduce FSA
financing of the farm to 50 percent or less. FSA expects to be able to
leverage the use of our typically limited direct FO funds, to assist an
even greater number of eligible family farmers.

Mineral Rights Appraisal; Eliminate Requirement

FSA uses appraisals to determine the value of real and personal
property. Appraisals ensure there is adequate security to support FSA
loan making and servicing actions.
 Section 5004 of the 2014 Farm Bill eliminated the requirement that
in order for FSA to have the rights to oil, gas, or other minerals as
FO collateral, the products' value must be considered in the appraised
value of the real estate securing the loan.
 Section 307(d) of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1927(d)), previously
required that for FOs; the value of oil, gas, or other minerals must be
included in the appraised value of the real estate security in order
for FSA to have a valid lien on those products. This rule removes this
mineral appraisal requirement in 7 CFR 761.7 and 765.252 for all future
FLP loans. For all loans made after February 7, 2014, the date of the
2014 Farm Bill was enacted, FSA will have a security interest in oil,
gas, or other minerals on or under the property regardless of whether
the value of those products were included in the appraisal value of the
property. This security interest is reflected in the FSA mortgage
forms.

Downpayment FOs; Increase Maximum Loan Amount

FSA downpayment FOs are used to assist beginning and SDA farmers in
purchasing a farm. The loans have a lower interest rate than other FO
loans and require participation by another lender, along with cash down
payment requirement of 5 percent.
 Section 5005 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 310E(b)(1)(C) of
the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1935(b)(1)(C)) to increase the maximum loan limit
for downpayment FOs to 45 percent of $667,000. This amount is $300,150;
however, section 305 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1925) limits the maximum
loan amount for each FO, including downpayment FOs, to $300,000.
 Previously, downpayment FOs were limited to a maximum of $225,000
(45 percent of $500,000) and all other types of direct FOs were limited
to $300,000. This difference in maximum loan amounts was a limiting
factor in many loan transactions, particularly as loan amounts have
increased due to rising farm real estate values. The rule amends 7 CFR
764.203 to increase the maximum loan limit for downpayment FO loans to
$300,000.

YL; Eliminate Rural Residency Requirement

FSA makes YL of up to $5,000 to eligible individual youths, ages 10
to 20, to finance income producing and agricultural related projects.
The project must be modest in size, educational, and initiated,
developed and carried out by youths participating in a 4-H Club, FFA,
or similar organization.
 Section 5102 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311(b)(1) of the
CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1941(b)(1)) to eliminate the rural residency
requirement for YL. Eligible youth in suburban and urban areas will now
be eligible for YL.
 Previously, to be eligible for a YL the applicant had to reside in
a rural area. FSA regulations further defined this as ``residing in a
rural area, city, or town with a population of 50,000 or fewer
people.'' The rule amends 7 CFR 764.302 to eliminate the rural
residency requirement for YL. The removal of this requirement now
allows FSA to extend YL assistance to youth residing in suburban and
urban areas to finance eligible agricultural related projects.

YL; Forgiveness of Debt

Forgiveness of YL debt, due to circumstances beyond the borrower's
control, will no longer preclude the borrower from obtaining additional
loans from any U.S. Government agency. Additionally, borrowers with YL
debt forgiveness, or who are delinquent on a YL, will now be able to
receive student loans. The servicing and collection of YLs is not
affected by the statute and will continue under the present
regulations.
 Section 5103 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311(b) of the
CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1941(b)) to authorize the Secretary of Agriculture to,
on a case by case basis, provide debt forgiveness of a YL if the
borrower was unable to repay the loan due to circumstances beyond the
control of the borrower. The Secretary may also determine that the debt
forgiveness was caused by national disaster, act of terrorism, or other
man-made disaster that resulted in an inordinate level of damage
severely affecting the YL borrower. The debt forgiveness provided by
this section is not to be used by other Federal agencies in determining
eligibility of the borrower for any loan made or guaranteed by that
agency.
 In no case will a borrower provided debt forgiveness or a
delinquent borrower be denied a loan or loan guarantee from the Federal
government to pay for educational expenses of the borrower. As a
practical matter, FSA has always provided debt forgiveness, in the form
of debt settlement, to YL borrowers on the same terms as any other
borrower. To determine if the forgiveness is beyond the borrower's
control, consideration of the circumstances will be added to the Agency
Handbooks and this rule revises the definition of ``debt forgiveness''
in 7 CFR 761.2. This will ensure that, if the inability to pay giving
rise to the debt forgiveness was due to circumstances beyond the
borrower's control, it will not be used in consideration of a FSA loan
application. As this is a mandate on the entire Federal Government with
particular emphasis on loans for educational expenses, FSA will also
make information regarding this change available to all YL borrowers
who receive debt forgiveness and any other Federal agency that is
considering a loan application from the borrower after debt forgiveness
or while they are delinquent.
 With regard to YL debt servicing prior to debt forgiveness, the
Debt Collection Improvement Act of 1996 (DCIA) (Pub. L. 104-134, April
26, 1996) requires that delinquent debts be reported to Treasury so
that centralized collection can be pursued through the Treasury Offset
Program and outside collection agencies. Section 373 of the CONACT (7
U.S.C. 2008h) also limits FSA direct loan borrowers to only one debt
forgiveness from FSA. These requirements were not changed by the 2014
Farm Bill.

[[Page 78691]]

ML; Exclude From OL Term Limit Rule and Special Interest Rate for
Beginning or Veteran Farmers

FSA initiated the ML Program in 2013 to better serve the unique
financial operating needs of beginning, niche, or the smallest of
family farm operations. ML offers more flexible access to credit for
these types of family farm operations, who often face limited financing
options.
 Section 5106 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 311 of the
CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1941) to exclude MLs made to beginning or veteran
farmers from the direct OL term limit. Section 12201 of the 2014 Farm
Bill defines a ``veteran farmer or rancher'' as someone who has served
in the Armed Forces of the United States and who has not farmed, or has
farmed for 10 years or less. This rule amends 7 CFR 761.2 to include
the definition of a veteran farmer.
 As previously mentioned, the term ``farm'' or ``farmer'' also
includes the term ``ranch'' or ``rancher,'' respectively. Therefore,
all references to the term ``farm'' or ``farmer'' will also
respectively include ``ranch'' or ``rancher,'' including the definition
of a ``veteran farmer.'' Once the farmer is no longer a beginning
farmer or once a veteran has farmed more than 10 years, any ML they
receive will count toward the OL term limit. Section 5106 of the 2014
Farm Bill also amended section 316 of the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1946) to
make available a special interest rate on ML equal to half the rate on
5-year treasuries plus 1 percent, but never less than 5 percent, to
beginning or veteran farmers.
 Previously, only MLs made to beginning farmers were excluded from
the OL term limit. This rule amends 7 CFR 764.252 to expand the
exclusion to include veteran farmers.
 In addition, previously the ML interest rate was either the regular
OL rate or a limited resource rate. This rule amends 7 CFR 764.254 to
add the 2014 Farm Bill special ML interest rate that will be at the
same rate as the limited resource OL rate, but will not be subject to
special servicing reviews by FSA since it will not be considered a
limited resource interest rate. For a beginning or a veteran farmer
applying for a ML, they will now be able to choose between the direct
OL interest rate and the special ML interest rate. These changes in the
ML program will benefit both beginning and veteran farmers, who
typically have fewer financial resources and limited options available
to finance their farming operation.

Guaranteed OL; Eliminate Term Limit

Section 5107 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 319 of the
CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1949) to eliminate all guaranteed OL term limits.
Family farmers will no longer be restricted in the number of years they
can receive a guaranteed OL.
 Guaranteed OLs are used to assist family farmers to obtain credit
for normal operating expenses, machinery, equipment, and livestock
purchases, minor real estate repairs or improvement, and to refinance
debt. The repayment term may vary, but are never longer than 7 years.
OLs used to pay for normal operating expenses are set up as a line of
credit and are typically repaid within 12 months.
 Previously, guaranteed OL borrowers were limited to no more than 15
years in which they could receive OLs. As a result, many family farmers
who continued to have difficulty in meeting lender credit standards and
had received 15 years of OL, were unable to receive additional
guaranteed OLs. The rule amends 7 CFR 762.122 to eliminate all
guaranteed OL term limits. These family farmers will now be able to
obtain additional guaranteed OLs, which typically will provide them
with access to credit on better rates and terms.

Beginning Farmer; Amending Definition To Modify Acreage Ownership
Limitation

Section 5303 of the 2014 Farm Bill amended section 343 of the
CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1991) to change the owned real farm property limit
from 30 percent of the median farm acreage to 30 percent of the average
farm acreage. FSA makes and guarantees loans to beginning farmers who
are unable to obtain financing from commercial lenders. Each fiscal
year, FSA targets a portion of its direct and guaranteed FO and OL
funds to beginning farmers.
 Previously, to meet FSA's definition of a beginning farmer, the
loan applicant must not have owned real farm property that exceeded 30
percent of the median farm acreage, except for an OL applicant.
According to the 2012 Census of Agriculture, nationally the median size
farm is 80 acres, while the average size farm is 434 acres. The farm
acreage limit, previously based on the median, set a limit so low in
many counties it precluded applicants who owned small acreages of real
farm property from qualifying as a beginning farmer. This eliminated
many otherwise qualified applicants from accessing FSA farm loan funds
targeted to beginning farmers. The rule amends 7 CFR 761.2 to change
the owned real farm property limit. The farm acreage limit, now based
on the average, will now allow many qualified applicants access to farm
loan funds targeted to beginning farmers, which previously were not
available to them.

Notice and Comment

In general, the Administrative Procedure Act (5 U.S.C. 553)
requires that a notice of proposed rulemaking be published in the
Federal Register and interested persons be given an opportunity to
participate in the rulemaking through submission of written data,
views, or arguments with or without opportunity for oral presentation,
except when the rule involves a matter relating to public property,
loans, grants, benefits, or contracts. This rule involved matters
relating to loans and is therefore being published as a final rule
without the opportunity for comments.

Effective Date

The Administrative Procedure Act provides generally that before
rules are issued by Government agencies, the rule is required to be
published in the Federal Register, and the required publication of a
substantive rule is to be not less than 30 days before its effective
date. One of the exceptions is when the agency finds good cause for not
delaying the effective date. As noted above, the changes in this rule
are conforming changes because the 2014 Farm Bill allowed no discretion
in the changes and thus were implemented administratively after the
enactment of the 2014 Farm Bill. Using the administrative procedure
provisions in 5 U.S.C. 553, FSA finds that there is good cause for
making this rule effective less than 30 days after publication in the
Federal Register. Therefore, this final rule is effective when
published in the Federal Register.

Executive Order 12866 and 13563

Executive Order 12866, ``Regulatory Planning and Review,'' and
Executive Order 13563, ``Improving Regulation and Regulatory Review,''
direct agencies to assess all costs and benefits of available
regulatory alternatives and, if regulation is necessary, to select
regulatory approaches that maximize net benefits (including potential
economic, environmental, public health and safety effects, distributive
impacts, and equity). Executive Order 13563 emphasizes the importance
of quantifying both costs and benefits, of reducing costs, of
harmonizing rules, and of promoting flexibility.
 The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) designated this rule as
not

[[Page 78692]]

significant under Executive Order 12866, ``Regulatory Planning and
Review,'' and, therefore, OMB was not required to review this final
rule.

Regulatory Flexibility Act

In accordance with the Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601-
612), as amended by the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness
Act of 1996 (SBREFA), generally require an agency to prepare a
regulatory flexibility analysis of any rule subject to the notice and
comment rulemaking requirements under APA or any other law, unless the
agency certifies that the rule will not have a significant economic
impact on a substantial number of small entities. All FSA direct loan
borrowers and all farm entities affected by this rule are small
businesses according to the North American Industry Classification
System and the U. S. Small Business Administration. There is no
diversity in size of the entities affected by this rule, and the costs
to comply with it are the same for all entities.
 In this rule, FSA is revising regulations that affect both loan
making and loan servicing. FSA does not expect these changes to impose
any additional cost to the lenders or borrowers. Therefore, FSA
certifies that this rule will not have a significant economic impact on
a substantial number of small entities.

Environmental

The environmental impacts of this rule have been considered in a
manner consistent with the provisions of the National Environmental
Policy Act (NEPA, 42 U.S.C. 4321-4347), the regulations of the Council
on Environmental Quality (40 CFR parts 1500-1508), and the FSA
regulations for compliance with NEPA (7 CFR part 1940, subpart G). The
changes contained in the rule are all mandatory changes required by the
2014 Farm Bill and involved no discretion by FSA, either in whether to
implement or how to implement the changes; therefore, they are not
subject to review under NEPA. FSA is making these changes through a
final rule to update the regulations to match the changes previously
implemented administratively with an agency directive in February 2014.
As such, FSA will not prepare an environmental assessment or
environmental impact statement for this regulatory action.

Executive Order 12372

Executive Order 12372, ``Intergovernmental Review of Federal
Programs,'' requires consultation with State and local officials. The
objectives of the Executive Order are to foster an intergovernmental
partnership and a strengthened Federalism, by relying on State and
local processes for State and local government coordination and review
of proposed Federal Financial assistance and direct Federal
development. For reasons set forth in the Notice to 7 CFR part 3015,
subpart V (48 FR 29115, June 24, 1983), the programs and activities
within this rule are excluded from the scope of Executive Order 12372.

Executive Order 12988

This final rule has been reviewed in accordance with Executive
Order 12988, ``Civil Justice Reform.'' This rule will not preempt State
and local laws and regulations unless they represent an irreconcilable
conflict with this rule. Before any judicial action may be brought
concerning the provisions of this rule the administrative appeal
provisions of 7 CFR parts 11 and 780 are to be exhausted.

Executive Order 13132

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 13132,
``Federalism.'' The policies contained in this rule do not have any
substantial direct effect on States, the relationship between the
Federal government and the States, or the distribution of power and
responsibilities among the various levels of government. Nor does this
rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on State and local
governments. Therefore, consultation with the States is not required.

Executive Order 13175

This rule has been reviewed in accordance with the requirements of
Executive Order 13175, ``Consultation and Coordination with Indian
Tribal Governments.'' Executive Order 13175 requires Federal agencies
to consult and coordinate with tribes on a government-to-government
basis on policies that have tribal implications, including regulations,
legislative comments or proposed legislation, and other policy
statements or actions that have substantial direct effects on one or
more Indian tribes, on the relationship between the Federal Government
and Indian tribes or on the distribution of power and responsibilities
between the Federal Government and Indian tribes.
 FSA has assessed the impact of this rule on Indian tribes and
determined that this rule does not, to our knowledge, have tribal
implications that require tribal consultation under Executive Order
13175. If a Tribe requests consultation, FSA will work with the USDA
Office of Tribal Relations to ensure meaningful consultation is
provided where changes, additions, and modifications identified in this
rule are not expressly mandated by the 2014 Farm Bill.

Unfunded Mandates

Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (UMRA, Pub. L.
104-4) requires Federal agencies to assess the effects of their
regulatory actions on State, local, or Tribal governments or the
private sector. Agencies generally must prepare a written statement,
including a cost benefit analysis, for final rule with Federal mandates
that may result in expenditures of $100 million or more in any 1 year
for State, local, or Tribal governments, in the aggregate, or to the
private sector. UMRA generally requires agencies to consider
alternatives and adopt the more cost effective or least burdensome
alternative that achieves the objectives of the rule. This rule
contains no Federal mandates under the regulatory provisions of Title
II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (UMRA, Pub. L. 104-4)
for State, local, or Tribal governments, or private sector. Therefore,
this rule is not subject to the requirements of sections 202 and 205 of
UMRA.

Paperwork Reduction Act

This regulatory changes in this final rule do not require any
changes to the currently information collection request of OMB control
numbers, 0560-0155, 0560-0233, 0560-0236, 0560-0237, 0560-0238 and
0560-0230.

E-Government Act Compliance

FSA is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to promote
the use of the Internet and other information technologies to provide
increased opportunities for citizen access to Government information
and services and other purposes.

Federal Assistance Programs

The title and number of the Federal assistance programs, as found
in the Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance, to which this final rule
would apply are: 10.099 Conservation Loans; 10.404 Emergency Loans;
10.406 Farm Operating Loans; and10.407 Farm Ownership Loans.

List of Subjects

7 CFR Part 761

Accounting, Loan programs--agriculture, Rural areas.

[[Page 78693]]

7 CFR Part 762

Agriculture, Banks, Banking, Credit, Loan programs--agriculture,
Agricultural commodities, Livestock.

7 CFR Part 764

Agriculture, Disaster assistance, Loan programs--agriculture,
Agricultural commodities, Livestock.

7 CFR Part 765

Agriculture, Credit, Loan programs--agriculture, Agricultural
commodities, Livestock.

For the reasons discussed above, FSA amends 7 CFR chapter VII as
follows:

PART 761--FARM LOAN PROGRAM; GENERAL PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION

The authority citation for part 761 continues to read as follows:

Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart A--General Provisions

0
1. Amend Sec. 761.2(b) as follows:
0
a. Amend the definition of ``Beginning farmer'' in paragraph (5) by
removing the word ``median'' each time it appears and adding the word
``average'' in its place;
0
b. Revise the definition of ``Debt forgiveness''; and
0
c. Add the definition of ``Veteran farmer'' in alphabetical order.
 The additions read as follows:


Sec. 761.2 Abbreviations and definitions.

* * * * *
 (b) * * *
* * * * *
 Debt forgiveness is a reduction or termination of a debt under the
Act in a manner that results in a loss to the Agency.
 (1) Debt forgiveness may be through:
 (i) Writing down or writing off a debt pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2001;
 (ii) Compromising, adjusting, reducing, or charging off a debt or
claim pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 1981; or
 (iii) Paying a loss pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2005 on a FLP loan
guaranteed by the Agency.
 (2) Debt forgiveness does not include:
 (i) Debt reduction through a conservation contract;
 (ii) Any writedown provided as part of the resolution of a
discrimination complaint against the Agency;
 (iii) Prior debt forgiveness that has been repaid in its entirety;
 (iv) Consolidation, rescheduling, reamortization, or deferral of a
loan; or
 (v) Forgiveness of YL debt, due to circumstances beyond the
borrower's control.
 The Agency will use the criteria in 7 CFR 766.104(a)(1) to
determine if the circumstances were beyond the borrower's control.
* * * * *
 Veteran farmer is a farmer who has served in the Armed Forces (as
defined in 38 U.S.C. 101(10)) and who--
 (1) has not operated a farm; or
 (2) has operated a farm for not more than 10 years.
* * * * *


Sec. 761.7 [Amended]

0
2. In Sec. 761.7, remove paragraph (b)(3).

PART 762--GUARANTEED FARM LOANS

0
3. The authority citation for part 762 continues to read as follows:

Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.


Sec. 762.122 [Amended]

0
4. In Sec. 762.122, remove paragraph (b) and redesignate paragraphs
(c) through (e) as (b) through (d).

0
5. In Sec. 762.129, revise paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) to read as
follows:
 The revision reads as follows:


Sec. 762.129 Percent of guarantee and maximum loss.

(a) Percent of guarantee. The percent of guarantee will not exceed
90 percent based on the credit risk to the lender and the Agency both
before and after the transaction. The Agency will determine the
percentage of guarantee. See paragraph (b) of this section for
exceptions.
 (b) Exceptions. The guarantee will be determined by the Agency
except:
 (1) For OLs and FOs, the guarantee will be issued at 95 percent if:
 (i) The sole purpose of a guaranteed FO or OL is to refinance an
Agency direct farm loan. When only a portion of the loan is used to
refinance a direct Agency loan, a weighted percentage of a guarantee
will be provided; or
 (ii) When the purpose of a guaranteed FO is to participate in the
downpayment loan program; or
 (iii) When a guaranteed OL is made to a farmer who is participating
in the Agency's down payment loan program. The guaranteed OL must be
made during the period that a borrower has the down payment loan
outstanding; or
 (iv) When a guaranteed OL is made to a farmer whose farm land is
subject to the jurisdiction of an Indian tribe and whose loan is
secured by one or more security instruments that are subject to the
jurisdiction of an Indian tribe.
 (2) For CLs, the guarantee will be issued at 80 percent; however,
the guarantee will be issued at 90 percent if:
 (i) The applicant is a qualified SDA farmer; or
 (ii) The applicant is a qualified beginning farmer.
 (c) CLP and PLP guarantees. All guarantees issued to CLP or PLP
lenders will not be less than 80 percent.
* * * * *


Sec. 762.130 [Amended]

0
6. In Sec. 762.130(a)(2)(ii) remove ``75'' and add ``80 or 90'' in its
place.

PART 764--DIRECT LOAN MAKING

0
7. The authority citation for part 764 continues to read as follows:

Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart E--Downpayment Loan Program

0
8. Revise Sec. 764.154(a)(3) to read as follows:


Sec. 764.154 Rates and terms.

(a) * * *
 (3) If the FO loan is part of a joint financing arrangement and the
amount of the Agency's loan does not exceed 50 percent of the total
amount financed, the interest rate charged will be the greater of the
following:
 (i) The Agency's Direct Farm Ownership rate, available in each
Agency office, minus 2 percent; or
 (ii) 2.5 percent.
* * * * *

0
9. Revise Sec. 764.203(b)(3) to read as follows:


Sec. 764.203 Limitations.

* * * * *
 (b) * * *
 (3) $667,000; subject to the direct FO dollar limit specified in 7
CFR 761.8(a)(1)(i).
* * * * *

Subpart G--Operating Loan Program

0
10. Revise Sec. 764.252 to read as follows:


Sec. 764.252 Eligibility requirements.

(a) The applicant must comply with the general eligibility
requirements established in Sec. 764.101.
 (b) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note,
except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, must not have
received debt forgiveness from the Agency on any direct or guaranteed
loan.
 (c) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note, may
receive direct OL loans to pay annual farm operating and family living
expenses, provided that the applicant

[[Page 78694]]

meets all other applicable requirements under this part, if the
applicant:
 (1) Received a write-down under section 353 of the Act;
 (2) Is current on payments under a confirmed reorganization plan
under Chapter 11, 12, or 13 of Title 11 of the United States Code; or
 (3) Received debt forgiveness on not more than one occasion after
April 4, 1996, resulting directly and primarily from a Presidentially-
designated emergency for the county or contiguous county in which the
applicant operates. Only applicants who were current on all existing
direct and guaranteed FLP loans prior to the beginning date of the
incidence period of a Presidentially-designated emergency and received
debt forgiveness on that debt within 3 years after the designation of
such emergency meet this exception.
 (d) In the case of an entity applicant, the entity must be:
 (1) Controlled by farmers engaged primarily and directly in farming
in the United States; and
 (2) Authorized to operate the farm in the State in which the farm
is located.
 (e) The applicant and anyone who will sign the promissory note, may
close an OL in no more than 7 calendar years, either as an individual
or as a member of an entity, except as provided in paragraphs (e)(1)
through (4) of this section. The years may be consecutive or
nonconsecutive, and there is no limit on the number of OLs closed in a
year. Microloans made to a beginning farmer or a veteran farmer are not
counted toward this limitation. Youth loans are not counted toward this
limitation. The following exceptions apply:
 (1) This limitation does not apply if the applicant and anyone who
will sign the promissory note is a beginning farmer.
 (2) This limitation does not apply if the applicant's land is
subject to the jurisdiction of an Indian tribe, the loan is secured by
one or more security instruments subject to the jurisdiction of an
Indian tribe, and commercial credit is generally not available to such
farm operations.
 (3) If the applicant, and anyone who will sign the promissory note,
has closed direct OL loans in 4 or more previous calendar years as of
April 4, 1996, the applicant is eligible to close OL loans in any 3
additional years after that date.
 (4) On a case-by-case basis, may be granted a one-time waiver of OL
term limits for a period of 2 years, not subject to administrative
appeal, if the applicant:
 (i) Has a financially viable operation;
 (ii) And in the case of an entity, the members holding the majority
interest, applied for commercial credit from at least two lenders and
were unable to obtain a commercial loan, including an Agency-guaranteed
loan; and
 (iii) Has successfully completed, or will complete within one year,
borrower training. Previous waivers to the borrower training
requirements are not applicable under this paragraph.

0
11. Add Sec. 764.254(a)(4) to read as follows:


Sec. 764.254 Rates and terms.

(a) * * *
 (4) The Agency's Direct ML OL interest rate on an ML to a beginning
farmer or veteran farmer is available in each Agency office. ML
borrowers in these groups have the option of choosing the ML OL
interest rate or the Direct OL interest rate in effect at the time of
approval, or if lower, the rate in effect at the time of closing.
* * * * *


Sec. 764.302 [Amended]

0
12. In Sec. 764.302, remove paragraph (d) and redesignate paragraphs
(e) through (f) as paragraphs (d) through (e).

PART 765--DIRECT LOAN SERVICING--REGULAR

0
13. The authority citation for part 765 continues to read as follows:

Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart F--Required Use and Operation of Agency Security

0
14. Revise Sec. 765.252(b)(1) to read as follows:


Sec. 765.252 Lease of security.

* * * * *
 (b) * * *
 (1) For FO loans made from December 23, 1985, to February 7, 2014,
and loans other than FO loans secured by real estate and made from
December 23, 1985, to November 1, 2013, the value of the mineral rights
must have been included in the original appraisal in order for the
Agency to obtain a security interest in any oil, gas, and other mineral
associated with the real estate security.
* * * * *

Signed on December 16, 2014.
Val Dolcini,
Administrator, Farm Service Agency.
[FR Doc. 2014-30172 Filed 12-30-14; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-05-P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 21, 2014 Sunday

Washington: Farm Bill Offers Increased Financing Opportunities for Producers

LENGTH: 332  words

DATELINE: Washington


Small Business Administration has issued the following news release:

The 2014 Farm Bill offers increased opportunities for producers including farm
loan program modifications that create flexibility for new and existing farmers.
A fact sheet outlining modifications to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
(USDA) Farm Service Agency (FSA) Farm Loan Programs is available here.

The Farm Bill expands lending opportunities for thousands of farmers and
ranchers to begin and continue operations, including greater flexibility in
determining eligibility, raising loan limits, and emphasizing beginning and
socially disadvantaged producers.

Changes that will take effect immediately include:

Elimination of the 15 year term limit for guaranteed operating loans.
 Modification of the definition of beginning farmer, using the average farm size
for the county as a qualifier instead of the median farm size.
 Modification of the Joint Financing Direct Farm Ownership Interest Rate to 2
percent less than regular Direct Farm Ownership rate, with a floor of 2.5
percent. Previously, the rate was established at 5 percent.
 Increase of the maximum loan amount for Direct Farm Ownership Down Payment Loan
Program from $225,000 to $300,000.
 Elimination of rural residency requirement for Youth Loans, allowing urban
youth to benefit.
 Debt forgiveness on Youth Loans, which will not prevent borrowers from
obtaining additional loans from the federal government.
 Increase of the guaranteed percentage on Conservation Loans from 75 to 80
percent and 90 percent for socially disadvantaged borrowers and beginning
farmers.
 Microloans will not count toward direct operating loan term limits for veterans
and beginning farmers.

Additional modifications must be implemented through the rulemaking processes.
Visit the FSA Farm Bill website for detailed information and updates to farm
loan programs.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 28, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: New Farm Bill Offers Increased Opportunities for Producers

LENGTH: 308  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

The 2014 Farm Bill offers increased opportunities for producers including farm
loan program modifications that create flexibility for new and existing farmers.
A fact sheet outlining modifications to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
(USDA) Farm Service Agency (FSA) Farm Loan Programs is available here.

The Farm Bill expands lending opportunities for thousands of farmers and
ranchers to begin and continue operations, including greater flexibility in
determining eligibility, raising loan limits, and emphasizing beginning and
socially disadvantaged producers.

Changes that will take effect immediately include:

· Elimination of the 15 year term limit for guaranteed operating loans.

· Modification of the definition of beginning farmer, using the average farm
size for the county as a qualifier instead of the median farm size.

· Modification of the Joint Financing Direct Farm Ownership Interest Rate to 2
percent less than regular Direct Farm Ownership rate, with a floor of 2.5
percent. Previously, the rate was established at 5 percent.

· Increase of the maximum loan amount for Direct Farm Ownership Down Payment
Loan Program from $225,000 to $300,000.

· Elimination of rural residency requirement for Youth Loans, allowing urban
youth to benefit.

· Debt forgiveness on Youth Loans, which will not prevent borrowers from
obtaining additional loans from the federal government.

· Increase of the guaranteed percentage on Conservation Loans from 75 to 80
percent and 90 percent for socially disadvantaged borrowers and beginning
farmers.

· Microloans will not count toward direct operating loan term limits for
veterans and beginning farmers.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 14, 2014 Sunday

Washington: New Farm Bill Offers Increased Opportunities for Producers

LENGTH: 337  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Small Business Administration, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The 2014 Farm Bill offers increased opportunities for producers including farm
loan program modifications that create flexibility for new and existing farmers.
A fact sheet outlining modifications to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
(USDA) Farm Service Agency (FSA) Farm Loan Programs is available here.

The Farm Bill expands lending opportunities for thousands of farmers and
ranchers to begin and continue operations, including greater flexibility in
determining eligibility, raising loan limits, and emphasizing beginning and
socially disadvantaged producers.

Changes that will take effect immediately include:

· Elimination of the 15 year term limit for guaranteed operating loans.

· Modification of the definition of beginning farmer, using the average farm
size for the county as a qualifier instead of the median farm size.

· Modification of the Joint Financing Direct Farm Ownership Interest Rate to 2
percent less than regular Direct Farm Ownership rate, with a floor of 2.5
percent. Previously, the rate was established at 5 percent.

· Increase of the maximum loan amount for Direct Farm Ownership Down Payment
Loan Program from $225,000 to $300,000.

· Elimination of rural residency requirement for Youth Loans, allowing urban
youth to benefit.

· Debt forgiveness on Youth Loans, which will not prevent borrowers from
obtaining additional loans from the federal government.

· Increase of the guaranteed percentage on Conservation Loans from 75 to 80
percent and 90 percent for socially disadvantaged borrowers and beginning
farmers.

· Microloans will not count toward direct operating loan term limits for
veterans and beginning farmers.

Additional modifications must be implemented through the rulemaking processes.
Visit the FSA Farm Bill website for detailed information and updates to farm
loan programs.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 28, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: New Farm Bill Offers Increased Opportunities for Producers

LENGTH: 308  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

The 2014 Farm Bill offers increased opportunities for producers including farm
loan program modifications that create flexibility for new and existing farmers.
A fact sheet outlining modifications to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
(USDA) Farm Service Agency (FSA) Farm Loan Programs is available here.

The Farm Bill expands lending opportunities for thousands of farmers and
ranchers to begin and continue operations, including greater flexibility in
determining eligibility, raising loan limits, and emphasizing beginning and
socially disadvantaged producers.

Changes that will take effect immediately include:

· Elimination of the 15 year term limit for guaranteed operating loans.

· Modification of the definition of beginning farmer, using the average farm
size for the county as a qualifier instead of the median farm size.

· Modification of the Joint Financing Direct Farm Ownership Interest Rate to 2
percent less than regular Direct Farm Ownership rate, with a floor of 2.5
percent. Previously, the rate was established at 5 percent.

· Increase of the maximum loan amount for Direct Farm Ownership Down Payment
Loan Program from $225,000 to $300,000.

· Elimination of rural residency requirement for Youth Loans, allowing urban
youth to benefit.

· Debt forgiveness on Youth Loans, which will not prevent borrowers from
obtaining additional loans from the federal government.

· Increase of the guaranteed percentage on Conservation Loans from 75 to 80
percent and 90 percent for socially disadvantaged borrowers and beginning
farmers.

· Microloans will not count toward direct operating loan term limits for
veterans and beginning farmers.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 7, 2014 Tuesday

Farm Loan Pilot Projects

LENGTH: 2033  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


Office of Federal Register, Government of US has issued the following news
release:


Action

Notice And Request For Comment.
Summary

The Farm Service Agency (FSA) will conduct pilot projects of limited scope and
duration to evaluate processes and techniques that may improve the efficiency
and effectiveness of the Farm Loan Programs (FLP) real estate loans (also
referred to as "farm ownership loans"), operating loans, emergency loans, and
administrative provisions, as required by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (the 2014
Farm Bill). This notice provides an opportunity for the public to provide
comments for FSA to consider for pilot projects. FSA expects to conduct at least
two to three pilot projects.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Background
    FLP Pilot Projects

DATES: Back to Top

We will consider comments that we receive by November 7, 2014.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

We invite you to submit comments on this notice. In your comment, include
volume, date, and page number of this issue of the Federal Register. You may
submit comments by any of the following methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal: Go to http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the online
instructions for submitting comments.
    Mail: Carrie L. Novak, Senior Loan Officer, LMD DAFLP FSA, US Department of
Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop 0522, Washington, DC 20250-0522.

Comments will be available for viewing online at http://www.regulations.gov. In
addition, comments will be available for public inspection at the above address
during business hours from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday, except
holidays.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Carrie Novak; phone: (202) 720-1643. Persons with disabilities who require
alternative means for communication of information for this notice (Braille,
large print, audiotape, etc.) should contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202)
720-2600 (voice).
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

Background Back to Top

FSA makes and services a variety of direct and guaranteed loans to farmers who
are temporarily unable to obtain private commercial credit. FSA also provides
direct loan customers with credit counseling and supervision to enhance their
opportunity for success. FSA loan applicants are often beginning farmers and
socially disadvantaged farmers who do not qualify for conventional loans because
of insufficient net worth or established farmers who have suffered financial
setbacks due to natural disasters or economic downturns. FSA loans are tailored
to a customer's needs and may be used to buy farmland and to finance
agricultural production.

FSA makes direct and guaranteed operating and farm ownership loans to eligible
farmers and ranchers. Under its direct operating loan program, FSA also makes
loans to youths to establish and operate income-producing projects of modest
size in connection with their participation in 4-H clubs, Future Farmers of
America, and similar organizations. Guaranteed loans are made through private
lenders with a guarantee of up to 95 percent of the loss of principal and
interest. Direct and guaranteed operating loans can be used to purchase
livestock, equipment, feed, seed, and other material essential to a farm or
ranch operation.

Direct and guaranteed farm ownership loan funds may be used to purchase land,
construct buildings, or make farm improvements. Guaranteed operating and farm
ownership loans may also be used to refinance debt. FSA also provides assistance
to beginning and socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers under its Direct
Farm Ownership Down Payment Loan Program, and provides retiring farmers the
opportunity to transfer their land to future generations of farmers and
ranchers.

FSA also targets a portion of its direct and guaranteed operating loan and farm
ownership loan funds to beginning farmers and ranchers and socially
disadvantaged applicants.

Emergency loans are available to established farmers and ranchers who have
suffered losses as a result of a natural disaster or quarantine.
FLP Pilot Projects Back to Top

Section 5302 of the 2014 Farm Bill amends the Consolidated Farm and Rural
Development Act (also known as the CONACT) to provide the Secretary authority to
conduct pilot projects of limited scope and duration to evaluate processes and
techniques that may improve the efficiency and effectiveness of real estate
loans, operating loans, emergency loans, and administrative provisions (7 U.S.C.
1983d). Processes and techniques can be as specific as the manner in which
applications for assistance are submitted (for example, through electronic
submissions), or as broad as more effective methods of outreach on programs for
existing and potential customers.

FSA is constantly identifying ways to improve services and is interested in
hearing what kinds of pilots our customers, stakeholders, and other members of
the public want to see. FSA wants to hear how we can better serve our customers
and understand their needs. The following are examples of initiatives that FSA
has already taken to improve efficiency and effectiveness for FLP.

One way that FSA has made improvements is by expanding credit opportunities for
farmers and ranchers with the Microloan Program. A Microloan is a small direct
farm operating loan with a shortened application process and reduced paperwork.
In addition, modifications were made to the experience requirement to allow for
mentors and apprenticeships. This has already helped farmers.

FSA has recently released a recent package of technology enhancements that
include Web access for handheld and smartphone users, as well as a more
efficient and timely option for receiving news and critical program information.
The technology improvements will allow users of FSA information to gain access
to easy-to-read data, including key features such as loan deficiency payment
rates, posted county prices, FSA news releases and AskFSA, the agency's online
self-help knowledge base.

A recently revised policy allows FSA to issue farm loan guarantees to
nontraditional lenders. A nontraditional lender is one that does not typically
hold deposit accounts and is not subject to oversight and supervision. The most
common nontraditional lenders are those who are funded under the U.S. Department
of Treasury's Community Development Financial Institutions Fund. Nontraditional
lenders can originate, hold and service guaranteed loans. The goal is to improve
and maintain the quality of rural communities. This goal is accomplished by
assisting rural communities, individuals, groups, and support organizations with
viable rural development enterprises. FSA has worked with traditional lenders in
the past, but is now expanding to work with both traditional and nontraditional
lenders.

FSA is currently operating a pilot project in digital signatures. The Electronic
Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act (Pub. L. 106-229) ensures that a
signature, contract, or other record relating to such transaction may not be
denied legal effect, validity, or enforceability solely because it is in
electronic form. It is an FSA policy decision whether a certain electronic
format is practicable for a certain transaction.

This digital signature pilot will allow FSA to evaluate the use of this
available technology, potential cost and time savings, and determine whether it
is practical for FLP and Farm Programs (FP) purposes. This will assist FSA to
develop policy to not only allow the use of digital signatures by FSA officials,
but by producers, FLP applicants, borrowers, and lenders as well. The pilot is
to be conducted in Indiana and Texas; digital signatures are only authorized for
certain FLP and FP documents.

FSA is requesting comments that will be used to develop recommendations for
pilot projects that will meet the intended goals to evaluate processes and
techniques that may improve the efficiency and effectiveness of real estate
loans, operating loans, emergency loans, and administrative provisions. The
pilot projects may diverge from program regulations at 7 CFR parts 761 through
767, but the pilot projects must be consistent with the existing statutory
provisions governing Real Estate Loans, Operating Loans, Emergency Loans, and
Administrative Provisions (see 7 U.S.C. Chapter 50, subchapters I through IV for
the details of these CONACT provisions). For example, a suggestion could be for
projects that provide financial and management assistance to eligible family
farmers for authorized loan purposes. Additional information on FLP policies and
procedures is available in FSA handbooks 1-FLP through 6-FLP at
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/webapp?area=home&subject=lare&topic=hbk.

The following questions provide examples of loan making and servicing concerns
that may be helpful to consider for your comment:

How can FSA better reach and serve veterans, especially returning veterans who
plan to start or return to farming?
    How can FSA encourage lending for urban agriculture?
    What pricing models can be developed or expanded to assist loan officers in
lending to producers who sell traditional and specialty agricultural products at
non-traditional markets?
    What types of borrower training systems can be explored to provide long term
economic benefits to agricultural producers?
    Should FSA explore the use of credit scores for small, streamlined loan
applications?
    Are there alternative lenders and financers (grocery chains, implement and
feed dealers, community development organizations) that could partner and
improve service to joint customers as well as strengthen their own business
needs?
    What type of consulting service could be developed to assist existing
borrowers to be more productive and successful?
    How can the role of a mentor be expanded beyond microloans?
    What are other methods that an applicant can successfully prove experience
and managerial ability?

In your comment it will be most helpful to:

Explain the proposed pilot project in as much detail as possible, including the
issue or concern to be addressed and the intended benefit(s);
    Provide specific examples to illustrate your points;
    Describe whether the project is intended to benefit any particular region,
type of agricultural producer (organic, direct market, wholesale, etc.), or end
customer; and
    Outline any potential costs or costs savings and the basis for the
assumptions.

At the conclusion of the comment period, FSA staff will review and consider all
of the suggestions in the comments.

As required by the 2014 Farm Bill, at least 60 days before initiating a pilot
project, the Secretary will submit notice of the proposed pilot project to the
Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on
Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate. FSA will also consider any
feedback provided to the Secretary in response to that notice.

FSA expects to select at least two to three pilot projects. FSA will announce
the pilot projects through news release.

FSA expects that one of the results of the pilot project will help expand
service to underserved producers. For example, in remote areas, such as Indian
Country, distance and travel time make it extremely difficult to establish the
network of contacts essential for effective outreach and to provide technical
assistance. FSA lacks the necessary knowledge and staff resources to overcome
language and cultural barriers for some minority communities and provide
effective outreach and technical assistance. In such situations, partnerships
with local organizations could use existing networks and expertise to provide
effective outreach and technical assistance and expand participation. This is
one example of how FSA may carry out some pilot projects.

In addition to this notice, general information about FSA's administration of
FLP is also available on the FSA Web site at
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/webapp?area=home&subject=fmlp&topic=landing.

Signed on September 30, 2014.

Val Dolcini,

Administrator, Farm Service Agency.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           February 25, 2017 Saturday

ABA Testimony Provides Perspective on 2018 Farm Bill

LENGTH: 484 words

DATELINE: New York



 WASHINGTON: The American Bankers Association testified today before the Senate
Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry Committee, offering the banking industry's
perspective on the current Farm Bill, its impact on agricultural lending and
necessary changes in the 2018 Farm Bill. The field hearing, conducted by
Chairman Pat Roberts and Ranking Member Debbie Stabenow, was held at Kansas
State University in Manhattan, Kan.





 Shan Hanes, president and CEO of First National Bank in Elkhart, Kan. testified
on behalf of ABA. First National Bank is a $78 million bank with 21 employees,
and despite the bank's small size, it is the largest lender in the county. Hanes
is also a member of ABA's Agricultural and Rural Bankers Committee.



 In his testimony, Hanes conveyed the vital role banks play in the agricultural
economy as a primary source of credit to the nation's farmers and ranchers.



 "Agriculture is a vital industry to our country, and financing it is an
essential business for many banks, mine included," said Hanes.



 He also discussed the successes of the 2014 Farm Bill including the support of
crop insurance, the conservation reserve program and the removal of term limits
on USDA Guaranteed Farm Loan Programs.



 He expressed concerns, though, on other aspects of the guaranteed farm loan
programs.



 "There is a need to consider reforms to the programs, specifically to raise the
lending limit cap on guaranteed ownership and guaranteed operating loans due to
the rising cost of agriculture," Hanes said. "Additionally, there needs to be a
more in-depth discussion on modernizing the programs and providing means for
something as simple as electronic signatures."



 Hanes also suggested changes to the Agricultural Risk Coverage and Price Loss
Coverage programs.



 "With the significant changes we've seen in commodity prices, producers need to
have the ability to make elections to their ARC and PLC farm programs yearly
instead of a one-time election," said Hanes. "Lastly, and most importantly,
farmers currently do not receive their payments in the same marketing year. This
has caused an issue for lenders as we cannot properly account for their payments
as part of their loan repayment strategy."



 Hanes expressed concern about the growing size, complexity and tax advantages
of the Farm Credit System - a government-sponsored enterprise like Fannie Mae
and Freddie Mac - and the risks it poses to American taxpayers.



 "The most troublesome competitor I face is the taxpayer-backed and
tax-advantaged federal Farm Credit System," he said. "Congress created the FCS
as a public option for farm finance 100 years ago when farmers were having
trouble getting the credit they needed. Those conditions no longer exist, and
yet we continue to have a government assisted, tax advantaged farm lender
providing credit to customers who would be able to easily borrow from taxpaying
institutions like mine."

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 8, 1982, Monday, Late City Final Edition

FOREIGN FARM LOANS BY U.S.

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 1, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 1374 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 7


When the Commodity Credit Corporation paid two American banks a total of $3.35
million on Poland's debt last week, it was the first time that the agency had
ever had to cover delinquent payments on a foreign commodity loan guaranteed by
the Department of Agriculture.

The payments represented only a small banking transaction by the commodity
corporation in its role as custodian of the department's $20 billion revolving
fund.

But having to make that transaction placed it squarely in the middle of a
dispute within the Administration, with the Defense Department on one side, and
the State Department and Treasury Department on the other.

The Pentagon insisted that Poland, following the imposition of martial law last
Dec. 13, should be declared in default on the full $1.5 billion it owes private
banks and the Commodity Credit Corporation. The State Department and the
Treasury Department contended that default would merely disrupt Poland's already
deteriorating credit position and make it impossible for the commodity
corporation to recover any of the loan losses.

A Policy Decision

As it turned out, the Pentagon lost the argument. But the decision not to hold
the Poles in default was made by the White House, not by the commodity
corporation. The White House also made the decision last summer to reschedule
part of the Polish commodity loans and open an additional $600 million in
guaranteed credits for further grain purchases.

In such matters of high policy, the Commodity Credit Corporation is merely the
instrument for executing the decisions, although it decides which countries get
the guarantees -and it did decide which countries received the direct-credit
loans that have now been discontinued because of budgetary considerations.

The Commodity Credit Corporation, created in 1933 as a part of the New Deal's
farm aid program, serves as the Agriculture Department's banker. In the last
fiscal year, it disbursed more than $3.5 billion for subsidies to grain farmers,
for price-support loans, for buying and storing surplus butter and cheese, and
for the small fees it pays American banks that receive and pass on to it
principal and interest payments on those direct-credit loans that are still
outstanding. No direct-credit loans have been made since late 1980.

The corporation, which is managed by a board of directors consisting of eight
deputy and assistant secretaries of agriculture, with the Agriculture Secretary
himself serving as chairman of the board, was in the direct-credit loan business
from 1956 until 1980 and has been guaranteeing commodity loans, made through
American commercial banks, since 1979.

Loans Outstanding

At the end of December, 17 countries had a total of $912 million in outstanding
direct-credit loans. Outstanding guaranteed loans, as of January, totaled about
$2.2 billion. Seventeen countries, including some that also have direct-credit
loans, now have guaranteed loans.

For example, Poland's guaranteed loans now total $840 million and that country's
direct-credit loans exceed $496 million.  ''The basic purpose of the
direct-credit and loan guarantee programs was and still is, to help increase
American farm exports,'' said Lawrence T. McElvain, deputy director of the
Foreign Agricultural Service division that handles export credits.

''Both of them have been good means for selling more American farm commodities
abroad,'' he said. ''And the guaranteed loans have been good for the banks who
got them. They must be, because there is still a lot of competition among the
banks to get them.''

Payments Rarely Missed

Except for rare occasions when a direct-credit loan has had to be rescheduled,
the Commodity Credit Corporation had never had to pay out funds to a commercial
bank to cover a missed payment on a guaranteed loan, nor has it had to write off
a direct-credit loan for nonpayment, Mr. McElvain said.

The corporation has no operating personnel of its own. Its domestic functions
are carried out by the Agriculture Department's Agricultural Stabilization and
Conservation Service. The commodity export loans are arranged for and supervised
by the Foreign Agricultural Service, the department's agency that controls the
corps of agricultural attaches serving in American embassies all over the world.

A primary mission of the Foreign Agricultural Service is to promote the sale of
American farm commodities abroad. In this role, agricultural attaches are among
the principal channels through which guaranteed loans are initiated and
arranged.

There are also other initiators. American-based exporters, seeing the
possibility of a sale if acceptable credit can be arranged, sometimes seek a
guaranteed loan for a customer country through the Foreign Agricultural Service.
The government agency that buys commodities for its own country may seek a
guarantee, or a country's embassy in Washington may get in touch with the
Foreign Agricultural Service directly in search of the credit backing, Mr.
McElvain said.

Credit Rating Reviewed

For either a guaranteed loan or, in the past, a direct-credit loan, Foreign
Agricultural Service economists investigate the credit standing of the
requesting country. The commercial bank that bids on the loan also does its own
investigation of the borrowing country's credit standing.

The final decision of whether to provide the guarantees or direct credits is
made by the commodity corporation on the recommendation of the Foreign
Agricultural Service. It, in turn, is advised by the National Advisory Council,
an interagency group that is made up of representatives from the Agriculture
Department, State Department, Treasury Department and the Agency for
International Development, among others.

Loans guaranteed by the Commodity Credit Corporation may be made for a maximum
of three years, although most are now for one year.  The interest rates charged
on a guaranteed loan are set by the bank that succeeds in getting the loan,
determined by bidding. At the beginning of March, the prevailing rate on
direct-credit loans, if any had been made, was set at 14.74 percent.

In the case of direct-credit loans using Federal funds, the interest charged the
foreign borrower was a fraction of a percentage point above the monthly rate at
which the Treasury made money available to the Commodity Credit Corporation.

Some Risk to Banks

The commercial banks that now make the guaranteed loans share in the risk, Mr.
McElvain said, because the Commodity Credit Corporation guarantees 98 percent of
the principal borrowed and up to 8 percent of the interest charged by the bank.

Loans backed by the Commodity Credit Corporation are not available to countries
that do not have most-favored nation status. Thus the Soviet Union, East
Germany, and Czechoslovakia are not eligible. But Poland, Rumania, and Hungary
may have the guarantees, as may Yugoslavia and China, although the latter has
not asked for them.

Poland is the biggest borrower on both the guaranteed and directcredit levels.
Among those nations with guaranteed loans, South Korea, with a $520 million
loan, is next, followed by Brazil, with $213 million, Peru, with $150 million,
and Portugal with $143 million.

When a country with a direct-credit or guaranteed loan fails to meet a payment,
the bank that made the loan may collect payment of 98 percent of the outstanding
principal and 8 percent of the interest from the Commodity Credit Corporation by
reporting the delinquency.

But in such circumstances, the Government agency then becomes the sole
collecting agency, and the banks lose the difference between the guaranteed
amount and the full amount. The Commodity Credit Corporation could then proceed
to recover the full amount of the loan and interest.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: graph of Commodity Credit Corp's overseas lending in
1981

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              92 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Market for High-Quality Farm Loans Touted at Conference;
Mabsco Agricultural Services, a Joint Effort by 15 State Bankers Associations,
Arranges Participations with Rabobank Nederland

                            December 2, 1985, Monday

By ANDREA BENNETT

DATELINE: DALLAS


In the current depressed agricultural economy, it sometimes seems there is no
way a farm bank can increase its profits.

But bankers attending the recent American Bankers Association agricultural
bankers conference were told that by reselling their loans in the secondary
market or by arranging loan participations, they can significantly increase
their banks' income. And they were told the markets for these loans already
exist.

Mabsco Agricultural Services Inc., or MASI, is an agricultural credit
corporation that allows farm banks to sell loan participations in their
short-term agricultural credits. Longer-term loans can be sold into a secondary
market that exists for loans guaranteed by the Farmers Home Administration, John
Birch, president of First National Bank in Tonkawa, Okla., told the bankers.

MASI is a joint effort by state bankers associations in 15 southern and
midwestern states. Bankers in those states can sell loan participations through
MASI to Rabobank Nederland, a $39 billion-asset agricultural bank based in the
Netherlands. Currently, MASI estimates about 175 banks are selling loans to
Rabobank.

States involved in MASI are Arkansas, Colorado, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas,
Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, North and South Dakota, Oklahoma,
Oregon, and Wisconsin.

With problems in the Farm Credit System, the nation's largest agricultural
lender, causing more farmers to turn to banks for loans, ''this program is
becoming even more important,'' James C. Potter, executive vice president and
chief operating officer of MASI, told the bankers.

He said MASI's purpose is to ''provide a dependable and competitive source of
funds for community bankers.''

But community bankers can also increase their profits by selling loans through
MASI, because the program allows banks to significantly enhance yields on loans
sold to Rabobank, Mr. Potter said.

Room for Yield Enhancement

Currently, a farm bank might be charging anywhere between 12% and 13.5% on a
short-term operating loans to its customers. The bank can then turn around and
sell up to 80% of the loan to Rabobank at a participation rate that is currently
at about 10.1% for short-term loans. That leaves ''substantial room'' for yield
enhancement, Mr. Potter said.

In addition to increasing profits, selling participations also allows farm banks
to serve larger farmers in their area who would otherwise have to go to banks
with higher credit limits, Mr. Potter said.

MASI also hopes to expand the program soon to let banks sell participations in
real estate loans. The credit corporation hopes to launch the program in
Oklahoma, Minnesota, Illinois, and South Dakota, where state laws regarding
alien farm ownership are less restrictive than some of the other states MASI
operates in, Mr. Potter said.

But bankers wanting to sell longer-term farm loans can use an existing market
for selling FmHA-guaranteed loans, Mr. Birch of First National Bank said.
Bankers using the program can sell the guaranteed portion of the loan - the FmHA
will guarantee up to 90% of farm loans - in the secondary market by assigning
the guarantee to the new buyer of the loan, he said.

He added that his bank, which currently has 68% of its farm loans under the FmHA
guarantee program, has used the secondary market frequently.

Reselling the loan helps give small community banks access to national money
markets and brings money from outside the area into often depressed farm
communities. It also serves both as a liquidity and asset management tool for
the bank, Mr. Birch said.

Fees and premiums that investors have paid for loans their banks have sold have
increased the yield on farm loans to as high as 20.5% over the life of the loan,
he said. Currently, the secondary market is strongest for longer-term loans, and
there ''is not much of a market for annual operating loans,'' Mr. Birch said.

Although a secondary market for farm loans already exists, whether farm banks
will be able to access it is another matter. Mr. Birch said the secondary market
for FmHA-guaranteed loans has diminished recently. In addition, he said
investors are not willing to pay premiums as high as they once did to buy the
loans.

And not all bankers will be able to sell their loans. Both the secondary market
and MASI will only buy high-quality farm loans, something that is becoming more
of a rarity for many bankers.

''I knew there was a catch here,'' one banker in the audience muttered to
himself on hearing that.

SECTION: AGRICULTURAL LENDING; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 753 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                              93 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 27, 2017 Monday

ABA Testimony Provides Perspective on 2018 Farm Bill

LENGTH: 498  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: American Bankers Association has issued the following news release:




 The American Bankers Association testified today before the Senate Agriculture,
Nutrition and Forestry Committee, offering the banking industry's perspective on
the current Farm Bill, its impact on agricultural lending and necessary changes
in the 2018 Farm Bill. The field hearing, conducted by Chairman Pat Roberts and
Ranking Member Debbie Stabenow, was held at Kansas State University in
Manhattan, Kan.





 Shan Hanes, president and CEO of First National Bank in Elkhart, Kan. testified
on behalf of ABA. First National Bank is a $78 million bank with 21 employees,
and despite the bank's small size, it is the largest lender in the county. Hanes
is also a member of ABA's Agricultural and Rural Bankers Committee.



 In his testimony, Hanes conveyed the vital role banks play in the agricultural
economy as a primary source of credit to the nation's farmers and ranchers.



 "Agriculture is a vital industry to our country, and financing it is an
essential business for many banks, mine included," said Hanes.



 He also discussed the successes of the 2014 Farm Bill including the support of
crop insurance, the conservation reserve program and the removal of term limits
on USDA Guaranteed Farm Loan Programs.



 He expressed concerns, though, on other aspects of the guaranteed farm loan
programs.



 "There is a need to consider reforms to the programs, specifically to raise the
lending limit cap on guaranteed ownership and guaranteed operating loans due to
the rising cost of agriculture," Hanes said. "Additionally, there needs to be a
more in-depth discussion on modernizing the programs and providing means for
something as simple as electronic signatures."



 Hanes also suggested changes to the Agricultural Risk Coverage and Price Loss
Coverage programs.



 "With the significant changes we've seen in commodity prices, producers need to
have the ability to make elections to their ARC and PLC farm programs yearly
instead of a one-time election," said Hanes. "Lastly, and most importantly,
farmers currently do not receive their payments in the same marketing year. This
has caused an issue for lenders as we cannot properly account for their payments
as part of their loan repayment strategy."



  Hanes expressed concern about the growing size, complexity and tax advantages
of the Farm Credit System - a government-sponsored enterprise like Fannie Mae
and Freddie Mac - and the risks it poses to American taxpayers.



 "The most troublesome competitor I face is the taxpayer-backed and
tax-advantaged federal Farm Credit System," he said. "Congress created the FCS
as a public option for farm finance 100 years ago when farmers were having
trouble getting the credit they needed. Those conditions no longer exist, and
yet we continue to have a government assisted, tax advantaged farm lender
providing credit to customers who would be able to easily borrow from taxpaying
institutions like mine."

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 23, 2017 Thursday

ABA Testimony Provides Perspective on 2018 Farm Bill

LENGTH: 498  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: American Bankers Association has issue following news release:



  The American Bankers Association testified today before the Senate
Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry Committee, offering the banking industry's
perspective on the current Farm Bill, its impact on agricultural lending and
necessary changes in the 2018 Farm Bill. The field hearing, conducted by
Chairman Pat Roberts and Ranking Member Debbie Stabenow, was held at Kansas
State University in Manhattan, Kan.





 Shan Hanes, president and CEO of First National Bank in Elkhart, Kan. testified
on behalf of ABA. First National Bank is a $78 million bank with 21 employees,
and despite the bank's small size, it is the largest lender in the county. Hanes
is also a member of ABA's Agricultural and Rural Bankers Committee.



 In his testimony, Hanes conveyed the vital role banks play in the agricultural
economy as a primary source of credit to the nation's farmers and ranchers.



 "Agriculture is a vital industry to our country, and financing it is an
essential business for many banks, mine included," said Hanes.



 He also discussed the successes of the 2014 Farm Bill including the support of
crop insurance, the conservation reserve program and the removal of term limits
on USDA Guaranteed Farm Loan Programs.



 He expressed concerns, though, on other aspects of the guaranteed farm loan
programs.



 "There is a need to consider reforms to the programs, specifically to raise the
lending limit cap on guaranteed ownership and guaranteed operating loans due to
the rising cost of agriculture," Hanes said. "Additionally, there needs to be a
more in-depth discussion on modernizing the programs and providing means for
something as simple as electronic signatures."



 Hanes also suggested changes to the Agricultural Risk Coverage and Price Loss
Coverage programs.



 "With the significant changes we've seen in commodity prices, producers need to
have the ability to make elections to their ARC and PLC farm programs yearly
instead of a one-time election," said Hanes. "Lastly, and most importantly,
farmers currently do not receive their payments in the same marketing year. This
has caused an issue for lenders as we cannot properly account for their payments
as part of their loan repayment strategy."



  Hanes expressed concern about the growing size, complexity and tax advantages
of the Farm Credit System - a government-sponsored enterprise like Fannie Mae
and Freddie Mac - and the risks it poses to American taxpayers.



 "The most troublesome competitor I face is the taxpayer-backed and
tax-advantaged federal Farm Credit System," he said. "Congress created the FCS
as a public option for farm finance 100 years ago when farmers were having
trouble getting the credit they needed. Those conditions no longer exist, and
yet we continue to have a government assisted, tax advantaged farm lender
providing credit to customers who would be able to easily borrow from taxpaying
institutions like mine."





LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 24, 2017 Friday

Washington: ABA Testimony Provides Perspective on 2018 Farm Bill

LENGTH: 518  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: American Bankers Association has issued the following news release:




 The American Bankers Association testified today before the Senate Agriculture,
Nutrition and Forestry Committee, offering the banking industry's perspective on
the current Farm Bill, its impact on agricultural lending and necessary changes
in the 2018 Farm Bill. The field hearing, conducted by Chairman Pat Roberts and
Ranking Member Debbie Stabenow, was held at Kansas State University in
Manhattan, Kan.





 Shan Hanes, president and CEO of First National Bank in Elkhart, Kan. testified
on behalf of ABA. First National Bank is a $78 million bank with 21 employees,
and despite the bank's small size, it is the largest lender in the county. Hanes
is also a member of ABA's Agricultural and Rural Bankers Committee.



 In his testimony, Hanes conveyed the vital role banks play in the agricultural
economy as a primary source of credit to the nation's farmers and ranchers.



 "Agriculture is a vital industry to our country, and financing it is an
essential business for many banks, mine included," said Hanes.



 He also discussed the successes of the 2014 Farm Bill including the support of
crop insurance, the conservation reserve program and the removal of term limits
on USDA Guaranteed Farm Loan Programs.



 He expressed concerns, though, on other aspects of the guaranteed farm loan
programs.



 "There is a need to consider reforms to the programs, specifically to raise the
lending limit cap on guaranteed ownership and guaranteed operating loans due to
the rising cost of agriculture," Hanes said. "Additionally, there needs to be a
more in-depth discussion on modernizing the programs and providing means for
something as simple as electronic signatures."



 Hanes also suggested changes to the Agricultural Risk Coverage and Price Loss
Coverage programs.



 "With the significant changes we've seen in commodity prices, producers need to
have the ability to make elections to their ARC and PLC farm programs yearly
instead of a one-time election," said Hanes. "Lastly, and most importantly,
farmers currently do not receive their payments in the same marketing year. This
has caused an issue for lenders as we cannot properly account for their payments
as part of their loan repayment strategy."



  Hanes expressed concern about the growing size, complexity and tax advantages
of the Farm Credit System - a government-sponsored enterprise like Fannie Mae
and Freddie Mac - and the risks it poses to American taxpayers.



 "The most troublesome competitor I face is the taxpayer-backed and
tax-advantaged federal Farm Credit System," he said. "Congress created the FCS
as a public option for farm finance 100 years ago when farmers were having
trouble getting the credit they needed. Those conditions no longer exist, and
yet we continue to have a government assisted, tax advantaged farm lender
providing credit to customers who would be able to easily borrow from taxpaying
institutions like mine."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Jena Times (Louisiana)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 11, 2009

Prepare for fiscal 2010 loan season

BYLINE: The Jena Times staff

LENGTH: 416  words


Now is a good time for producers to update their farm records and to make plans
for the financing of their 2010 crops.

According to Peter M O'Neal, Farm Loan Manager for the Catahoula-LaSalle
Parishes Farm Service Agency (FSA) Office, commodity prices for loan making
activity for FY 2010 have been established. As a result, Farm Loan Managers and
Officers are now in a better position to begin developing loans for the coming
crop year.

Farmers who are interested in obtaining direct loan financing from the Farm
Service Agency are encouraged to update their farming records (financial and
production) and contact their local FSA Farm Loan Manager as soon as possible in
order to initiate the needed loan making process. In addition, O'Neal said,
"Those farmers who feel their loans will require a FSA Guaranteed (90/10) Loan
should contact their lender as quickly as possible." Term limits for guaranteed
loans will again be effective on January 1, 2010. O'Neal stated that from all
indications the FY 2010 loan-making season will be as busy, if not more so, than
the FY 2009 loan season. For this reason, it is extremely important for farmers
to file their FY 2010 loan application as soon as possible. Failure to do so
could result in loans being closed after the optimum planting dates or worse,
finding themselves in a position where loan funds are exhausted for the year.

For additional information concerning eligibility and details regarding FY 2010
loans, interested producers should contact the Catahoula-LaSalle Parishes Farm
Service Agency Office.

The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination in
all its programs and activities on the basis of race, color, national origin,
age, disability, and where applicable, sex, marital status, familial status,
parental status, religion, sexual orientation, genetic information, political
beliefs, reprisal, or because all or part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program. (Not all prohibited bases apply to all
programs.) Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for
communication of program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.)
should contact USDA's TARGET CENTER at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD). To file a
complaint of discrimination, write to USDA, Director, Office of Civil Rights,
1400 Independence Avenue, S.W., Washington, D.C. 20250-9410, or call (800)
795-3272 (voice) or (202) 720-6832 (TDD). USDA is an equal opportunity provider
and employer.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JEN

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2009 The Jena Times


                              97 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 6, 2014 Friday

FORM 8-K: FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORP FILES Current report

LENGTH: 6075  words

DATELINE: Washington


FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORP, Federally, has filed FORM 8-K (Current
report) with Securities and Exchange Commission on June 06, 2014

State or other Jurisdiction of Incorporation: Federally

Item 8.01    Other Events.

The Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation ("Farmer Mac") is filing this
Current Report on Form 8-K to recast its historical segment information,
originally contained in the financial statements and elsewhere in its Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013 (the "Annual
Report on Form 10-K"), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
("SEC") on March 13, 2014, to correspond with its current presentation.

After an evaluation of Farmer Mac's overall portfolio of product offerings and
reportable segments, Farmer Mac's management has determined that Farmer Mac's
operations consist of four reportable operating segments effective January 1,
2014 - Farm & Ranch, USDA Guarantees, Rural Utilities, and Institutional Credit.
The Institutional Credit segment comprises Farmer Mac's guarantees of AgVantage®
securities related to general obligations of lenders that are secured by pools
of eligible loans. Prior to January 1, 2014, AgVantage securities were included
under either the Farm & Ranch or Rural Utilities line of business, as
applicable, depending on the type of loans pledged to secure the respective
AgVantage securities. Because the AgVantage product is priced differently and
has different credit characteristics than the loans that Farmer Mac purchases,
are pooled in long term standby purchase commitments, or underlie non-AgVantage
Farmer Mac-guaranteed securities, Farmer Mac's management determined AgVantage
securities should be reported in a separate business segment. All prior period
information contained in the Annual Report on Form 10-K has been recast to
reflect the breakout of the Institutional Credit segment from both the Farm &
Ranch and Rural Utilities segments.

Attached as Exhibit 99 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, and incorporated by
reference herein, are the following portions of the Annual Report on Form 10-K
that have been revised to reflect the realignment of Farmer Mac's segments: Item
1 (Business), Item 7 (Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations), and Item 8 (Financial Statements).

This Current Report on Form 8-K is being filed only for the purposes described
above. All other information in the Annual Report on Form 10-K remains
unchanged. In order to preserve the nature and character of the disclosures set
forth in the Annual Report on Form 10-K, the information contained in Exhibit 99
of this Current Report on Form 8-K has been updated for the change to Farmer
Mac's reportable segments and has not been updated for any other changes since
the filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K. For significant developments since
the filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, refer to Farmer Mac's Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2014, as filed with the SEC
on May 12, 2014.

Forward-Looking Statements

Some statements made in this report (including exhibits) are "forward-looking
statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995 pertaining to management's current expectations as to Farmer Mac's
future financial results, business prospects, and business developments.
Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, any statement that may
predict, forecast, indicate, or imply future results, performance, or
achievements. These statements typically are accompanied by, and identified
with, terms such as "anticipates," "believes," "expects," "intends," "should,"
and similar phrases.  The information included in this report (including the
exhibits) includes forward-looking statements addressing Farmer Mac's:


o

prospects for earnings;



o

prospects for growth in business volume;

o

trends in net interest income and net effective spread;

o

trends in portfolio credit quality, delinquencies, and provisions for losses;

o

trends in expenses;

o

trends in investment securities;

o

prospects for asset impairments and allowance for losses;

o

changes in capital position; and

o

other business and financial matters.

Management's expectations for Farmer Mac's future necessarily involve a number
of assumptions and estimates and the evaluation of risks and uncertainties.
Various factors or events could cause Farmer Mac's actual results to differ
materially from the expectations as expressed or implied by the forward-looking
statements, including the factors discussed under "Risk Factors" in Part II,
Item 1A of Farmer Mac's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period
ended March 31, 2014 filed with the SEC on May 12, 2014, and in Part 1, Item 1A
of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, and uncertainties regarding:


o

the availability to Farmer Mac and Farmer Mac II LLC of debt and equity
financing and, if available, the reasonableness of rates and terms;

o

legislative or regulatory developments that could affect Farmer Mac or its
sources of business, including but not limited to:

[#x25e6]

developments related to the implementation of agricultural policies and programs
resulting from the recently enacted Agricultural Act of 2014 (referred to as the
2014 Farm Bill), including the elimination of direct payments to agricultural
producers by the USDA and increased federal subsidies for enhanced crop
insurance programs; and

[#x25e6]

changes in policies related to renewable fuel standards and the use of ethanol
as a blending agent;

o

fluctuations in the fair value of assets held by Farmer Mac and Farmer Mac II
LLC;

o

the rate and direction of development of the secondary market for agricultural
mortgage and rural utilities loans, including lender interest in Farmer Mac
credit products and the secondary market provided by Farmer Mac;

o

the general rate of growth in agricultural mortgage and rural utilities
indebtedness;

o

the impact of economic conditions, including the effects of weather-related
conditions and fluctuations in agricultural real estate values, on agricultural
mortgage lending and borrower repayment capacity;

o

developments in the financial markets, including possible investor, analyst, and
rating agency reactions to events involving government-sponsored enterprises,
including Farmer Mac;

o

changes in the level and direction of interest rates, which could, among other
things, affect the value of collateral securing Farmer Mac's agricultural
mortgage loan assets; and

o

volatility in commodity prices relative to costs of production and/or export
demand for U.S. agricultural products.

In light of these potential risks and uncertainties, no undue reliance should be
placed on any forward-looking statements expressed in this report (including the
exhibits).  Furthermore, Farmer Mac undertakes no obligation to release publicly
the results of revisions to any forward-looking statements that may be made to
reflect new information or any future events or circumstances, except as
otherwise mandated by the SEC. The discussion contained in this report
(including the exhibits) is not necessarily indicative of future results.


Item 9.01    Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)    Exhibits.


99

Items from Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2013, updated to reflect recast segment information: "Part I - Item 1 -
Business"; "Part II - Item 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations"; and "Part II - Item 8 - Financial
Statements."


101.INS

XBRL Instance Document


101.SCH

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Scheme Document


101.CAL

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document


101.DEF

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document


101.LAB

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document


101.PRE

SBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

Note: The information contained in this item has been updated for the change to
Farmer Mac's reportable segments discussed in the Notes to Financial Statements.
This item has not been updated for any other changes since the filing of Farmer
Mac's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013. For
significant developments since the filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K,
refer to Farmer Mac's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March
31, 2014, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on May 12,
2014.

GENERAL

The Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation ("Farmer Mac") is a
stockholder-owned, federally chartered corporation that combines private capital
and public sponsorship to serve a public purpose.  Congress has charged Farmer
Mac with the mission of providing a secondary market for a variety of loans made
to borrowers in rural America.  A secondary market is an economic arrangement in
which the owners of financial assets, such as the originators of loans, may sell
all or part of those assets or pay a fee to otherwise offset some or all of the
inherent risks of holding the assets.  Farmer Mac's main secondary market
activities are:


o

purchasing eligible loans directly from lenders;

o

providing advances against eligible loans by purchasing obligations secured by
those loans;

o

securitizing assets and guaranteeing the payment of principal and interest on
the resulting securities that represent interests in, or obligations secured by,
pools of eligible loans; and

o

issuing long-term standby purchase commitments ("LTSPCs") for eligible loans.

Securities guaranteed by Farmer Mac may be retained by the seller of the
underlying eligible loans, retained by Farmer Mac, or sold to third party
investors.

Farmer Mac was established under federal legislation first enacted in 1988 and
amended most recently in 2008 - Title VIII of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12
U.S.C. §§ 2279aa et seq.), which is sometimes referred to as Farmer Mac's
charter.  Farmer Mac is known as a government-sponsored enterprise ("GSE") by
virtue of the status conferred by its charter.  The charter provides that Farmer
Mac has the power to establish, acquire, and maintain affiliates (as defined in
the charter) under applicable state law to carry out any activities that
otherwise would be performed directly by Farmer Mac.  Farmer Mac established its
two existing subsidiaries, Farmer Mac II LLC and Farmer Mac Mortgage Securities
Corporation, under that power.

Farmer Mac is an institution of the Farm Credit System (the "FCS"), which is
composed of the banks, associations, and related entities, including Farmer Mac
and its subsidiaries, regulated by the Farm Credit Administration ("FCA"), an
independent agency in the executive branch of the United States government.
Although Farmer Mac (including its subsidiaries) is an institution of the FCS,
it is not liable for any debt or obligation of any other institution of the FCS.
None of FCA, the FCS, or any other individual institution of the FCS is liable
for any debt or obligation of Farmer Mac or its subsidiaries. The debts and
obligations of Farmer Mac and its subsidiaries are not guaranteed by the full
faith and credit of the United States.


1


Farmer Mac's two principal sources of revenue are:


o

interest income earned on assets held on balance sheet, net of related funding
costs and interest payments and receipts on financial derivatives (i.e., net
effective spread); and

o

guarantee and commitment fees received in connection with outstanding guaranteed
securities and LTSPCs.

Farmer Mac funds its purchases of eligible loans (including participation
interests in eligible loans) and guaranteed securities primarily by issuing debt
obligations of various maturities in the public capital markets.  The proceeds
of debt issuance are also used to fund liquidity investments that must comply
with policies adopted by Farmer Mac's board of directors and with FCA
regulations, which establish limitations on dollar amount, issuer concentration,
and credit quality.  Those regulations can be found at 12 C.F.R. §§ 652.1-652.45
(the "Liquidity and Investment Regulations").  Farmer Mac's regular debt
issuance supports its access to the capital markets, and Farmer Mac's liquidity
investment assets provide an alternative source of funds should market
conditions be unfavorable.  As of December 31, 2013, Farmer Mac had $4.9 billion
of discount notes and $7.4 billion of medium-term notes outstanding.  For more
information about Farmer Mac's eligible loan assets and liquidity investment
assets, as well as its financial performance and sources of capital and
liquidity, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations."

Segment Reporting
During the first quarter of 2014, after an evaluation of Farmer Mac's overall
portfolio of product offerings and reportable segments in accordance with
applicable accounting guidance, Farmer Mac's management determined that Farmer
Mac's operations consist of four reportable operating segments effective January
1, 2014 - Farm & Ranch, USDA Guarantees, Rural Utilities, and Institutional
Credit.
The Institutional Credit segment comprises Farmer Mac's guarantees of AgVantage
securities related to general obligations of lenders that are secured by pools
of eligible loans. Prior to January 1, 2014, AgVantage securities were included
under either the Farm & Ranch or Rural Utilities line of business, as
applicable, depending on the type of loans pledged to secure the AgVantage
securities. Because the AgVantage product is priced differently and has
different credit characteristics than the loans that Farmer Mac purchases or
that underlie LTSPCs or non-AgVantage Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities, Farmer
Mac's management determined that AgVantage securities should be reported in a
separate business segment.
Previously reported information has been recast to reflect the breakout of the
Institutional Credit segment from both the Farm & Ranch and Rural Utilities
segments.


2

Secondary Market

Farmer Mac's activities are intended to provide lenders with an efficient and
competitive secondary market that enhances these lenders' ability to offer
competitively-priced financing to rural borrowers. This secondary market is
designed to increase the availability of long-term credit at stable interest
rates to America's rural communities and to provide rural borrowers with the
benefits of capital markets pricing and product innovation.  The secondary
market provided by Farmer Mac functions as a bridge between the national capital
markets and the agricultural and rural credit markets by attracting new capital
for financing rural borrowers.

Farmer Mac's purchases of both eligible loans and obligations secured by
eligible loans, as well as Farmer Mac's guaranteed securities sold to third
party investors, increase lenders' liquidity and lending capacity and provide a
continuous source of funding for lenders that extend credit to borrowers in
rural America. Farmer Mac's LTSPCs for eligible loans held by lenders, as well
as Farmer Mac's guaranteed securities retained by lenders in exchange for the
related securitized loans, result in lower regulatory capital requirements for
the lenders and reduced borrower or commodity concentration exposure for some
lenders, thereby expanding their lending capacity.  By increasing the efficiency
and competitiveness of rural finance, the secondary market provided by Farmer
Mac has the potential to lower the interest rates paid on loans by rural
borrowers.

The current economic and regulatory environment presents Farmer Mac with
opportunities to market a mix of products to rural lenders in need of capital,
liquidity, long-term fixed rate products, and portfolio diversification. As part
of its outreach strategy, Farmer Mac listens to current and prospective rural
lenders to identify their specific needs, with an emphasis on individual lender
meetings, lender road shows, and face-to-face contact at state and national
banking conferences. Farmer Mac seeks to maximize the use of technology to
support these business development efforts.

Lines of Business

Farmer Mac conducts its secondary market activities through four lines of
business - Farm & Ranch, USDA Guarantees, Rural Utilities, and Institutional
Credit.  The loans eligible for the secondary market provided by Farmer Mac
include:


o

mortgage loans secured by first liens on agricultural real estate, including
part-time farms and rural housing (encompassing the Farm & Ranch line of
business);

o

agricultural and rural development loans guaranteed by the United States
Department of Agriculture ("USDA") (encompassing the USDA Guarantees line of
business); and

o

loans made by cooperative lenders to finance electrification and
telecommunications systems in rural areas (encompassing the Rural Utilities line
of business).

In addition, Farmer Mac purchases and guarantees general obligations of rural
lenders that are secured by pools of the foregoing eligible loans (encompassing
the Institutional Credit line of business).

As of December 31, 2013, the total outstanding amount of the eligible loans
included in all of Farmer Mac's lines of business was $14.0 billion.

3

Farm & Ranch

Under the Farm & Ranch line of business, Farmer Mac purchases eligible mortgage
loans secured by first liens on agricultural real estate and rural housing.
Farmer Mac also guarantees securities representing interests in pools of
mortgage loans eligible for the Farm & Ranch line of business ("Farm & Ranch
Guaranteed Securities").  Additionally, Farmer Mac commits to purchase, subject
to the terms of the applicable LTSPC agreement, eligible Farm & Ranch mortgage
loans. To be eligible, loans must meet Farmer Mac's credit underwriting,
collateral valuation, documentation, and other specified standards that are
discussed in "Business--Farmer Mac Lines of Business--Farm & Ranch."  As of
December 31, 2013, outstanding loans held by Farmer Mac, loans that either
backed off-balance sheet Farm & Ranch Guaranteed Securities or were subject to
LTSPCs, and other Farm & Ranch Guaranteed Securities totaled $5.2 billion.

USDA Guarantees

Under the USDA Guarantees line of business, Farmer Mac II LLC, a subsidiary of
Farmer Mac, purchases the portions of certain agricultural, rural development,
business and industry, and community facilities loans guaranteed by the USDA
under the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. §§ 1921 et
seq.). Farmer Mac refers to these USDA-guaranteed portions of loans as "USDA
Securities." Farmer Mac II LLC also purchases USDA Securities in exchange for
issuing securities to third parties backed by those USDA Securities, which are
then also guaranteed by Farmer Mac ("Farmer Mac Guaranteed USDA Securities").
As of December 31, 2013, outstanding USDA Securities and Farmer Mac Guaranteed
USDA Securities totaled $1.7 billion, of which $41.3 million were Farmer Mac
Guaranteed USDA Securities.

4

Rural Utilities

Farmer Mac initiated the Rural Utilities line of business in 2008 after Congress
expanded Farmer Mac's authorized secondary market activities to include rural
utilities loans.  Farmer Mac's authorized activities under this line of business
are similar to those conducted under the Farm & Ranch line of business -
purchases of, and guarantees of securities backed by, eligible rural utilities
loans.  To be eligible, loans must meet Farmer Mac's credit underwriting and
other specified standards that are discussed in "Business--Farmer Mac Lines of
Business--Rural Utilities."  Although Farmer Mac has the ability to provide
LTSPCs in the Rural Utilities line of business, none have been issued to date.
As of December 31, 2013, the aggregate outstanding principal balance of rural
utilities loans held was $1.1 billion. There currently are no guaranteed
securities issued under the Rural Utilities line of business.

Institutional Credit

Under the Institutional Credit line of business, Farmer Mac purchases or
guarantees general obligations of rural lenders that are secured by pools of
loans that would be eligible for purchase under Farmer Mac's Farm & Ranch, USDA
Guarantees, or Rural Utilities lines of business. AgVantage® is a registered
trademark of Farmer Mac used to designate Farmer Mac's guarantees of securities
related to these general obligations of lenders that are secured by pools of
eligible loans and that comprise the Institutional Credit line of business.  For
more information on the products currently offered under Farmer Mac's
Institutional Credit line of business, see "Business--Farmer Mac Lines of
Business--Institutional Credit."  As of December 31, 2013, outstanding
securities held or guaranteed by Farmer Mac in its Institutional Credit line of
business totaled $6.0 billion.

Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities

Farm & Ranch Guaranteed Securities, Farmer Mac Guaranteed USDA Securities, and
AgVantage Securities are sometimes collectively referred to as "Farmer Mac
Guaranteed Securities."  The assets underlying Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities
include (1) loans or loan participation interests eligible for purchase under
either the Farm & Ranch or Rural Utilities line of business or (2) USDA
Securities eligible for purchase under the USDA Guarantees line of business.
Farmer Mac guarantees the timely payment of principal and interest on the
resulting Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities.  Farmer Mac may retain Farmer Mac
Guaranteed Securities in its portfolio or sell them to third parties.

5

Competition

Farmer Mac is the only Congressionally-chartered corporation established to
provide a secondary market for agricultural mortgage loans, rural utilities
loans, and USDA Securities. However, Farmer Mac does face indirect competition
from a variety of sources. Historically, these sources have included other
financial institutions that purchase, retain, or securitize the types of loans
eligible for Farmer Mac's secondary market activities, including commercial and
investment banks, insurance companies, and other FCS institutions. Farmer Mac
also competes indirectly with originators of eligible loans who would prefer to
retain the loans they originate rather than sell them into the secondary market.
Farmer Mac is able to compete to acquire eligible loans due to the variety of
products it offers and its ability to offer low-cost funding to its customers.
This enables Farmer Mac to offer flexible financing options and products
designed to meet the variety of needs faced by lending institutions related to
capital requirements, liquidity, credit risk, and management of sector and
geographic concentrations and borrower exposures. However, the relative
competitiveness of the loan rates offered by Farmer Mac is affected by the
ability of other lending institutions to subsidize their rates on the loan
products with which Farmer Mac competes by price averaging with other types of
loans or by low-return use of equity. Farmer Mac's ability to develop business
with lending institutions is also affected by changes in the levels of available
capital and liquidity of those institutions, the existence of alternative
sources of funding and credit enhancement for those institutions, the rate of
growth in the market for eligible loans, and demand for Farmer Mac's products.

Farmer Mac's competitive position is also affected by the willingness of
originators to offer eligible loans for sale in the secondary market, as well as
the types and variety of products offered by Farmer Mac's competitors to meet
the needs of Farmer Mac's customer base. Farmer Mac's limits on borrower
exposure and loan size, as well as the types of loans that are eligible for
Farmer Mac's lines of business, also affect Farmer Mac's competitive position.
Farmer Mac's ability to obtain low-cost funding in the debt markets is essential
to its ability to maintain its competitive position with its customers. As a
result, competition for debt investors with other debt-issuing institutions,
such as the FCS, Federal Home Loan Banks, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and
highly-rated financial institutions, can impact the price and volume at which
Farmer Mac issues debt and, consequently, its ability to offer savings to its
customers in the form of competitive products.

Capital and Corporate Governance

Farmer Mac's basic capital and corporate governance structure is prescribed in
its charter. The charter authorizes Farmer Mac to issue two classes of voting
common stock each of which elects one-third of Farmer Mac's 15-person board of
directors, as well as non-voting common stock. The classes of Farmer Mac's
common stock that are currently outstanding and their relation to Farmer Mac's
board of directors are described below.


o

Class A voting common stock.  The charter restricts ownership of Farmer Mac's
Class A voting common stock to banks, insurance companies, and other financial
institutions or similar entities that are not institutions of the FCS.  The
charter also provides that five members of Farmer Mac's 15-member board of
directors are elected by a plurality of the votes of the Class A stockholders
each year.  The charter limits the amount of Class A voting common stock that
may be owned by one holder to no more than 33 percent of the outstanding shares
of Class A voting common stock.  Farmer Mac is not aware of any regulation
applicable to non-FCS financial institutions that requires a minimum investment
in Farmer Mac's Class A voting common stock or that prescribes a


6

maximum investment amount lower than the 33 percent limit set forth in the
charter.  Farmer Mac's Class A voting common stock is listed on the New York
Stock Exchange under the symbol AGM.A.


o

Class B voting common stock.  The charter restricts ownership of Farmer Mac's
Class B voting common stock to FCS institutions and also provides that five
members of Farmer Mac's 15-member board of directors are elected by a plurality
of the votes of the Class B stockholders each year.  The charter does not
contain any restrictions on the maximum number or percentage of outstanding
shares of Class B voting common stock that may be held by an eligible
stockholder, and Farmer Mac is not aware of any regulation applicable to FCS
institutions that requires a minimum investment in its Class B voting common
stock or that prescribes a maximum amount.  Farmer Mac's Class B voting common
stock, which has a limited market and trades infrequently, is not listed or
quoted on any exchange or other quotation system, and Farmer Mac is not aware of
any publicly available quotations or prices for this class of common stock.


o

Class C non-voting common stock.  The charter does not impose any ownership
restrictions on Farmer Mac's Class C non-voting common stock, and shares of this
class are freely transferable.  Holders of the Class C common stock do not vote
on the election of directors or any other matter.  Farmer Mac's Class C
non-voting common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the
symbol AGM.


o

Presidential director appointments.  The remaining five members of Farmer Mac's
board of directors are individuals who meet the qualifications specified in the
charter and are appointed by the President of the United States with the advice
and consent of the United States Senate.  These appointed directors serve at the
pleasure of the President of the United States.

The ownership of Farmer Mac's two classes of voting common stock is currently
concentrated in a small number of institutions.  Approximately 45 percent of the
Class A voting common stock is held by three financial institutions, with 31
percent held by one institution. Approximately 97 percent of the Class B voting
common stock is held by five FCS institutions (two of which are related to each
other through a parent-subsidiary relationship). Farmer Mac believes that the
concentration in the Class A voting common stock is a by-product of trading
activity in the stock over time and is not by design under the charter or any
regulatory mandate. Farmer Mac believes that the concentration in such a small
number of holders of Class B voting common stock is a by-product of the limited
number of eligible holders of that stock and the structure of the FCS, the
number of institutions of which has decreased over time as a result of mergers
and consolidations.

The dividend and liquidation rights of all three classes of Farmer Mac's common
stock are the same. Dividends may be paid on Farmer Mac's common stock only
when, as, and if declared by Farmer Mac's board of directors in its sole
discretion, subject to compliance with applicable capital requirements and the
payment of dividends on any outstanding preferred stock issued by Farmer Mac.
Upon liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the business of Farmer Mac,
after payment and provision for payment of outstanding debt of Farmer Mac, the
holders of shares of Farmer Mac's currently outstanding 5.875% Non-Cumulative
Preferred Stock, Series A ("Series A Preferred Stock") and any other preferred
stock then outstanding, would be paid at par value out of assets available for
distribution, plus all declared and unpaid dividends, before the holders of
shares of common stock received any payment.  The assets of Farmer Mac II LLC
are not directly available to satisfy the claims of Farmer Mac's creditors or
stockholders. Those assets will only be available to the creditors and
stockholders of Farmer Mac after all


7

obligations owed to creditors of and equity holders in Farmer Mac II LLC have
been satisfied. In addition, Farmer Mac II LLC has outstanding preferred stock,
which is permanent equity of Farmer Mac II LLC and presented as "Non-controlling
interest - preferred stock" within total equity on Farmer Mac's consolidated
balance sheets. See "Business--Financing--Equity Issuance--Non-Controlling
Interest in Farmer Mac II LLC." See also "Market for Registrant's Common Equity,
Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities" for more
information regarding Farmer Mac's common stock, and
"Business--Financing--Equity Issuance" for more information on Farmer Mac's
common stock and preferred stock.

Unlike some other GSEs, specifically other FCS institutions and the Federal Home
Loan Banks, Farmer Mac is not structured as a cooperative owned exclusively by
member institutions and established to provide services exclusively to its
members.  Rather, Farmer Mac, as a publicly-traded corporation, has a broader
base of stockholders, including those who do not directly participate in the
secondary market provided by Farmer Mac. Therefore, Farmer Mac seeks to fulfill
its mission of serving the financing needs of rural America in a manner that is
consistent with providing a return on the investment of its stockholders.

Farmer Mac's policy is to require financial institutions to own a requisite
amount of Farmer Mac common stock, based on the size and type of institution, to
participate in the Farm & Ranch line of business.  As a result of this
requirement, coupled with the ability of holders of Class A and Class B voting
common stock to elect two-thirds of Farmer Mac's board of directors, Farmer Mac
regularly conducts business with "related parties," including institutions
affiliated with members of Farmer Mac's board of directors and institutions that
own large amounts of Farmer Mac's voting common stock.  Farmer Mac has adopted a
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that governs any conflicts of interest that
may arise in these transactions, and Farmer Mac's policy is to require that any
transactions with related parties be conducted in the ordinary course of
business, with terms and conditions comparable to those available to any other
counterparty not related to Farmer Mac.  For more information about related
party transactions, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations--Results of Operations--Related Party
Transactions" and Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.

Regulatory Oversight

Farmer Mac's charter assigns to FCA, acting through the separate Office of
Secondary Market Oversight ("OSMO") within FCA, the responsibility for the
examination and the general supervision of the safe and sound performance of the
powers, functions, and duties vested in Farmer Mac by the charter.  The charter
also authorizes FCA, acting through OSMO, to apply its general enforcement
powers to Farmer Mac.  Farmer Mac (including its subsidiaries) is the only
entity regulated by OSMO, which was created as a separate office in recognition
of the different role that Farmer Mac plays in providing a secondary market, as
compared to the roles of other FCS institutions as primary lenders.  The
Director of OSMO is selected by, and reports to, the FCA board.  The FCA board
approves the policies, regulations, charters, and enforcement activities
applicable to other FCS institutions, which are the only eligible holders of
Farmer Mac's Class B voting common stock.  FCA has no regulatory authority over
the financial institutions that are the eligible holders of Farmer Mac's Class A
voting common stock.

Farmer Mac's charter requires an annual examination of the financial
transactions of Farmer Mac and authorizes FCA to assess Farmer Mac for the cost
of FCA's regulatory activities, including the cost of any examination.  Each
year, OSMO conducts an examination of Farmer Mac to evaluate its safety and
soundness, compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and mission
achievement.  The examination


8

includes a review of Farmer Mac's capital adequacy, asset quality, management
performance, earnings, liquidity, and sensitivity to interest rate risk.  Farmer
Mac is also required to file quarterly reports of condition with OSMO.  In
addition, as a publicly-traded corporation, Farmer Mac is required to comply
with the periodic reporting requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the "SEC"). For a more detailed discussion of Farmer Mac's
regulatory and governmental relationships, see
"--Government Regulation of Farmer Mac."

Capital

Farmer Mac's charter establishes three capital standards for Farmer Mac -
minimum capital, critical capital, and risk-based capital.  Farmer Mac is
required to comply with the higher of the minimum capital requirement and the
risk-based capital requirement.  Also, in accordance with a recently effective
FCA regulation on capital planning, Farmer Mac's board of directors has adopted
a policy for maintaining a sufficient level of Tier 1 capital and imposing
restrictions on dividends and employee (including officer) bonus payments in the
event that Farmer Mac's Tier 1 capital falls below specified thresholds. For a
discussion of Farmer Mac's capital requirements and its actual capital levels,
and particularly FCA's role in the establishment and maintenance of those
requirements and levels, see "--Government Regulation of Farmer
Mac--Regulation--Capital Standards," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations--Balance Sheet Review--Equity,"
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations--Liquidity and Capital Resources--Capital Requirements" and
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations--Regulatory Matters."

Employees and Property

As of December 31, 2013, Farmer Mac employed 67 people, located primarily at its
office at 1999 K Street, N.W., 4th Floor, Washington, D.C. 20006.  Farmer Mac
also maintains an office at 5408 NW 88th Street, Suite 120, Johnston, Iowa
50131.  Farmer Mac's main telephone number is (202) 872-7700.

Available Information

Farmer Mac makes available free of charge, through the "Investors" section of
its internet website at www.farmermac.com, copies of materials it files with, or
furnishes to, the SEC, including its Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, and
amendments, if any, to those filings, as soon as reasonably practicable after
electronically filing those materials with, or furnishing those materials to,
the SEC.  Please note that all references to www.farmermac.com in this report
are inactive textual references only. The information contained on Farmer Mac's
website is not incorporated by reference into this report.

For more information please visit: http://www.sec.gov

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                               May 5, 2000 Friday

Farm agency has money for operating loans

LENGTH: 310 words


MINOT (AP) -- For the first time in several years, the state Farm Service Agency
office expects to have enough money on hand for farm operating loans. The agency
had more than $23 million in direct loan money and $35 million in guaranteed
loan money as of April 27, farm credit specialist Rod Hogan said. In the past
several years, many farmers were forced to wait until June to get FSA operating
loans, which cover the cost of such things as seed, fuel and chemicals.

Farmers whose loans were "stockpiled" by the agency had to wait until surplus
money appropriated to other regions was freed up. "It's looking pretty good,
that's the easiest way to put it," Hogan said. "So far, we have no loans that
are being stockpiled. Everything that's coming in, as soon as it's approved,
it's funded. So it looks like we should be able to handle all our operating
loans for this year." Direct loans, in which the FSA acts as the lender, are in
very good shape, Hogan said. The agency has more than $22 million in loan funds
for regular farmers and another $1 million for beginning farmers. "Most of the
time, we would have used up our North Dakota allocation by this time of the
year," Hogan said. "We would have to wait until June or sometimes July to wait
for pooling (funds from other regions)." More farmers take advantage of the
agency's guaranteed loan program, in which the FSA promises to pay back a bank
loan should the farmer default. "The demand is coming mostly from the guaranteed
loans," Hogan said. "That's where the bank has already got an existing customer,
and because there has been a slide in equity or the cash flow is tight, they are
applying for a guarantee because they want to keep this guy as a customer." When
loans were delayed, farmers had to ask their suppliers for credit to get the
seed, fuel and chemicals they needed to put in their crop.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2000 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             April 29, 1983 Friday

White Farm creditors may get   refinancing plan in two weeks

BYLINE: ANN SILVERSIDES; GAM

LENGTH: 526 words


By  ANN SILVERSIDES
   White Farm Equipment Canada Ltd. of Brantford, Ont., with the assistance
 of its major financial backer, is working on a refinancing proposal that
 should be presented to creditors within about two weeks, says Edward
 McClelland, president of Borg-Warner Acceptance Canada Ltd. of
 Mississauga, Ont.

Borg-Warner, which has financed about $60-million worth of White Farm
 inventory on the floor of farm equipment dealers, is the principal
 investor in White Farm.
    "White Farm has asked us to make additional investments . . . . They
 are drawing up the proposal but we are quite involved," said Mr.
 McClelland.

Survival of the company depends in large part on the creditors'
 reaction to the company's proposal. The company could also be forced into
 receivership or, if a buyer appears, be sold.
    "Right now we are in a holding pattern . . . it is a delicate situation
 with politics involved and everything like that," said a spokesman for the
 federal Enterprise Development Board, which has guaranteed $10.5-million
 worth of loans to White Farm.

Speculation about the fate of the company heated up this week when
 Derek Blackburn, NDP member of Parliament for Brantford, said he
 understood the federal Government intended to "force White Farm under its
 present form into receivership."
    White Farm, which employed about 1,200 workers a year earlier, now has
 about 150 workers at the plant.

Together, the Ontario and federal governments have guaranteed $15.8-
 million worth of loans to White Farm. The guarantees were made in 1980
 when White Motor Corp. of Farmington Hills, Mich., filed under Chapter 11
 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Act and was split into four companies, one of which
 became White Farm Canada. White Farm manufactures axial flow combines.

Last year, TIC Investment Corp. of Dallas, a privately held holding
 company, bought out Linamar Machine Ltd. of Guelph, Ont., which had been
 the majority owner of White Farm. Initially, the federal Government
 opposed the TIC purchase because it wanted White Farm to remain in
 Canadian hands. But the purchase was approved, with conditions.
    "You can be absolutely certain that it will not be the Ontario
 Government that will trigger a receivership," said Andrew Croll, chief
 executive officer of Ontario Development Corp., which guaranteed $5.3-
 million in loans, in addition to making a $2-million concessional loan to
 White Farm.

The ODC wrote into its loan guarantees that if there were any defaults,
 it could direct the banks not to exercise their right to put the company
 into receivership until 90 days had passed, Mr. Croll said. The ODC was
 notified of a default in early March, and invoked that agreement, he said.

The federal Government, however, does not have a similar agreement with
 the banks, said the EDB spokesman. In addition to the loan guarantees, the
 EDB also provided White Farm with a grant of about $2-million for research
 and development.
    "Any thought of forcing a receivership has been put off for the time
 being, but it is possible that a receivership will result, with the idea
 that a receiver manager will look for a new equity infusion," said the EDB
 spokesman.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             100 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 11, 2016 Monday

Washington: Ohio AgrAbility - Cultivating Accessible Agriculture

LENGTH: 638 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





  Through the help of Ohio AgrAbility, men and women with physical limitations
can continue to do what they love - farm.  This program can assist those engaged
in Agriculture who have a disability.   The disability may be present at birth,
while others may be the result of an accident, illness, or age-related condition
and may include:





     Development Disabilities

     Amputation

     Head and Spinal Cord Injuries

     Arthritis

     Parkinson's disease

     Cerebral Palsy

     Repetitive Motion Injuries

      Diabetes

     Respiratory Problems

      Paralyses

     Visual or Hearing Impaired



  We can provide the following at no cost:



     On site assessment and technical assistance to help find solutions to meet
your specific needs.

     Peer support is a system of giving and receiving help

     Secondary injury prevention through awareness and information

     Information and referral materials about farming with a disability

     Training and education for rehabilitation and healthcare providers

     Direct education and community programs to inform Ohioans about resources
available for farm workers and their families whose lifestyle and business have
been affected by a disability



  The Ohio AgrAbility program is a partnership between The Ohio State University
and Easter Seals.  To learn more about the Ohio AgrAbility program you may call
our office for a contact person or visit www.agrability.osu.edu.



 Report Failed Crop Acreage Prior to Destruction



 With spring planting quickly approaching, the Stark County Farm Service Agency
(FSA) encourages farmers to report failed crop acreage that will not be brought
to harvest to their FSA office. Failed acreage must be reported to FSA before
destroying and replanting to allow time for a field check.



 Form CCC-576, Notice of Loss, is used to report failed acreage and may be
completed by any producer with an interest in the crop.  For crop losses covered
by the Non-insured Assistance Program (NAP), producers must contact their local
FSA office within 15 days of the occurrence of the disaster or when losses
become apparent.  Producers with crop insurance should also contact their local
agent when losses occur and before destroying the crop.



 Producers are encouraged to keep good production records on acreage with a low
crop yield to document crop losses. To be eligible for crop disaster programs in
the future, production records may help support crop loss claims.



 Farm Loan Program Limits



 The Farm Service Agency is committed to providing family farmers with loans to
meet their farm credit needs.  If you are having trouble getting the credit you
need for your farm, or regularly borrow from FSA, direct and guaranteed loans
are currently available.



 Ask your lender about an FSA loan guarantee if you've had a setback and your
lender is reluctant to extend or renew your loan.



 Farm ownership loans or farm operating loans may be obtained as direct loans
for a maximum of up to $300,000. Guaranteed loans have a maximum limit of
$1,399,000.  This makes the maximum combination of direct and guaranteed loan
indebtedness $1,699,000.



 For detailed information, contact the Portage County FSA office to setup an
appointment with a Loan Approval Official.



 Join Us at the Stark County Producer Breakfast



 When:  Thursday, May 5, 2016 at 8:00 AM - Please note the breakfast will be
held on Thursdays now!



 Where:  Thompson's Dairyland at 7519 Columbus Road NE, Louisville



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             101 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Carroll County Times (Westminster, Maryland)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

USDA offers streamlined version of its guaranteed loans

BYLINE: Michel Elben, Carroll County Times, Westminster, Md.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 318 words


Oct. 27--The U.S. Department of Agriculture recently announced the availability
of a streamlined version of USDA guaranteed loans, which are tailored for
smaller-scale farms and urban producers.

According to a USDA news release, the program, called EZ Guarantee Loans, uses a
simplified application process to help beginning, small, underserved, and family
farmers and ranchers apply for loans of up to $100,000 from USDA-approved
lenders to purchase farmland or finance agricultural operations.

"Over the past seven years, we have been transforming our loan programs at USDA
so that they can be attainable and useful to all kinds and sizes of producers,"
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said in a prepared statement. "These EZ
Guarantee Loans will help beginning and underserved farmers obtain the capital
they need to get their operations off the ground, and they can also be helpful
to those who have been farming for some time but need extra help to expand or
modernize their operations. USDA's Farm Service Agency has offices in nearly
every county in the country, and we encourage all farmers, including those in
urban areas, to stop in and inquire about this program."

More than half of all FSA loans go to new farmers and more than a quarter to
underserved borrowers, according to the release. FSA also offers loans of up to
$5,000 to young farmers and ranchers though the Youth Loan Program. Loans are
made to eligible youth to finance agricultural projects, with almost 9,000 young
people now participating.

More information about the available types of FSA farm loans can be found at
www.fsa.usda.gov/farmloans or by contacting your local FSA office.

michel.elben@carrollcountytimes.com

410-857-7873

twitter.com/MichelElben

___ (c)2016 the Carroll County Times (Westminster, Md.) Visit the Carroll County
Times (Westminster, Md.) at www.carrollcountytimes.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161027-WX-USDA-offers-streamlined-version-of-its-guaranteed-loans
-1027-20161027

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WX


                      Copyright 2016 Carroll County Times


                             102 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

High Delinquency on Farm Services Agency's Direct Loans

                            January 10, 1997, Friday

Jaret Seiberg

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The General Accounting Office reported Thursday that 34% of the $10.5 billion in
direct loans made by the Farm Services Agency in 1995 were delinquent.

Borrowers who owed more than $1 million had the most trouble repaying their
loans. Eighty-eight percent of them were delinquent, GAO found, while the rate
for smaller loans was 33%.

The default rate for guaranteed loans was considerably lower. GAO reported that
only 4% of the $5.9 billion of guaranteed loans were delinquent in 1995.

GAO said the government lost $1.1 billion in 1996 by forgiving the debts of
direct loan recipients and $42 million from guaranteed loan recipients.

The Farm Services Agency, a part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture, is the
lender of last resort to the agricultural community. It is the successor to the
Farmers Home Administration.

The report was requested by Senate Agriculture Committee Chairman Richard G.
Lugar.

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 154 words

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 American Banker, Inc.


                             103 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 June 19, 1995

Farmland Value Up, But Disturbing Trends Seen Last Year

SECTION: FARM & RURAL MORTGAGES; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 606 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Farmland value increased, total farm debt increased last year and loan quality
continued to improve, but there were some disturbing trends as well, according
to a report on agricultural income and finance by the Department of
Agriculture's Economic Research Service.

The USDA estimated that total farm business debt stood at $ 148.1 billion at the
end of 1994, up to 4.3% from a year earlier.  However, the 1994 total farm debt
was still 24% below the peak recorded in 1984.

Commercial banks continued to gain market share, according to the USDA.
Commercial banks accounted for 77% of the $ 6.2 billion increase in farm lending
reported last year.  The USDA said much of the demand for new loans was related
to financial restructuring.

While the farm economy remains fundamentally sound, the USDA did sound some
warning signs.  Net farm income was down about 13% in 1994.  And likely cuts in
government support could further weaken farm income.

The per acre value of agricultural land increased 3% to 4% in 1994, according to
the USDA.  The Department said farmland values are expected to increase by about
3% again in 1995.  Farmland values have increased for nine straight years from
their low following a correction in the mid-1980s, but in many of those years
the gains lagged behind the rate of overall inflation.

Over the last 30 years, real farm equity has been on a downward trend because of
unchanged asset values and a higher debt load, according to the USDA.

While overall demand for farm production loans was up, the USDA said that demand
for long-term farm mortgage loans was unchanged in 1994 from the previous year.

At the end of 1994, commercial banks accounted for 40% of all farm debt.  The
Farm Credit System accounted for 25% of debt.  Individuals accounted for about
22%, and the Department of Agriculture's own loan programs accounted for 8% of
farm debt.

Guaranteed lending by the Consolidated Farm Service Agency (formerly the Farmers
Home Administration) has continued to increase at a rapid rate as the USDA
shifts from making direct loans to guaranteering loans made by commercial
lenders.  Meanwhile, the government-sponsored Federal Agricultural Mortgage
Corp. continues to struggle.  The corporation securitized one $ 38 million pool
under its Farmer Mac one program in 1994.  The corporation again lost money last
year, eroding its capital base.

Farmer Mac has undertaken a series of marketing and development initiatives,
including a partnership with the Western Farm Credit Bank, to try to jump start
the secondary market in agricultural real estate and rural housing loans.
Farmer Mac is also hoping for legislation that would help the corporation raise
more capital and delay the implementation of risk-based capital standards.

Farmer Mac would like to have authority to buy and securitize loans on its own,
rather than having to rely on poolers to securitize loans through Farmer Mac.

The corporation also hopes Congress will repeal a requirement that poolers or
orginators hold a 10% subordinated piece on loan pools securitized through
Farmer Mac.  Other government-sponsored enterprises have no similar requirement
for a subordinated interest.

Farmer Mac securitized $ 47.6 million in USDA guaranteed loans through the
"Farmer Mac II" program in 1994, up from $ 39.5 million a year earlier.  Under
the program, lenders can sell USDA guaranteed loans to Farmer Mac for cash or
swap the loans for a marketable security.  Farmer Mac II accounted for less than
5% of the USDA guaranteed loan volume last year, showing that there is "ample
room for growth," the USDA report said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph, no caption

                         Copyright 1995 Faulkner & Gray


                             104 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Bank Involvement Bolsters USDA Loan Efforts

                          January 24, 2001, Wednesday

BY BEN JACKSON



Strong participation by community banks has helped restore stability to the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's lending programs.

In a report released last week, the General Accounting Office said loan
delinquencies in the Agriculture Department's direct farm lending portfolio have
dropped to 21% of total loans, from 41% in 1995.

The accounting office cited several reasons for the improvement, including
stricter lending standards and an increase in direct government payments that
have helped farmers pay their bills even as commodity prices plummeted. Another
key factor: Banks -- buoyed by government guarantees for up to 90% of the losses
on defaults -- originated nearly half of all Agriculture Department loans in
fiscal year 2000, compared with less than one-third in 1995.

"The financial condition of the USDA's farm loan programs has continued to
improve," the GAO said in its report. "The unpaid principal of USDA's loan
portfolio held by delinquent borrowers was reduced by about $2.8 billion between
September 1995 and September 2000."

Recognizing this good performance more than 10 years after designating the
Agriculture Department a "high-risk" lender, the GAO has withdrawn the label.

Removing the loan programs from high-risk status has no official effect but
could free up more federal funds for agricultural lending. Congress has been
critical of the agency's lending policies for years, and this, according to an
agricultural expert, may have affected how much lawmakers would appropriate for
lending by the department.

"USDA's loan program has had few friends on Capitol Hill because of past credit
problems," said John M. Blanchfield, director of the American Bankers
Association's Center of Agricultural and Rural Banking. "I'm sure that GAO
removing this from its watch list is going to have an impact on how Congress
looks at this program."

The sharp drop in delinquencies can be attributed, in part, to changes in
lending policy resulting from the 1996 Freedom to Farm Act. Provisions of this
law prohibited the Agriculture Department from making operating loans to
borrowers who fall behind on payments or any type of loan to borrowers who have
defaulted in the past. Also, borrowers were limited to one instance of debt
forgiveness on direct loans.

The broader role of community banks in agricultural lending has also reduced
delinquencies.

In the past five years, the Agriculture Department has switched its focus from
direct lending to guaranteeing bank loans. Historically, the programs had made
direct loans -- primarily to farmers unable to get credit elsewhere -- and
substantial losses resulted from these loans, according to Charles M. Adams, an
assistant director at the accounting office. Guaranteed loans totaled $7.96
billion of the Agriculture Department's portfolio at Sept. 30 and are catching
up to direct loans, which totaled $8.66 billion. Mr. Adams said the proportion
of guaranteed loans will rise.

Dennis Everson, senior vice president at First Dakota Bank in Yankton, S.D.,
said guaranteed farm loans are becoming more popular with customers, especially
young farmers, because they let lenders be more flexible. For example, he said,
a commercial loan that would otherwise have a term of 15 years can be stretched
to 30 with a guarantee.

It helps customers "gain rates and terms they need to get the best shot they can
to survive," Mr. Everson said, adding that his $347 million-asset bank doubled
its volume of guaranteed farm loans in 2000, to $14 million.

Mr. Blanchfield said the guarantees encourage lenders to look for ways to
address delinquencies by means other than liquidation. Before banks file for
relief from the Agriculture Department, they must consider options such as
reamortization and deferments. If default relief is requested, the bank must
account for all collateral securing the loan before it gets federal money. This
makes bankers more assiduous in servicing the loans, Mr. Blanchfield said.

One other benefit to banks: Farm loans with guarantees are far easier to sell on
the secondary market, said Mike Jorgensen, president of $27 million-asset
Nebraska State Bank in Oshkosh, Neb.

Ironically, the drop in delinquencies has occurred in the midst of what has been
the worst farm crisis since the early 1980s. For nearly three years, farmers
have been battling low prices brought on by an oversupply of commodities.

"The amount of delinquency in the guaranteed loan program has not been
increasing even though we've had three years of terrible prices in farm
country," said Mark K. Scanlan, director of agricultural finance for the
Independent Community Bankers of America.

Of course, government bailouts have helped. Last year, direct payments to
farmers from the federal government -- about $23 billion -- accounted for 49% of
all farm income. In 1996, government subsidies totaled just $7.3 billion.

Copyright c 2001 Thomson Financial. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 833 words

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo, Everson

                      Copyright 2001 American Banker, Inc.


                             105 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           February 5, 1983 Saturday

Loan guarantees   halved for farms

BYLINE: KEVIN COX; GAM

LENGTH: 262 words


By  KEVIN COX
   The Ontario Ministry of Agriculture, faced with having to pay off
 several farm loans it guaranteed under an emergency financing scheme, has
 lowered the total amount of money it will pay banks if a large number of
 farmers default on their loans.

The province is "asking the banks to assume some of the risk" in farm
 lending, according to Nancy Bardecki, head of the Ontario Farm Assistance
 Program. Under the program for 1982, she said, the province will cover
 farmers' loans only up to 50 per cent of a bank's total portfolio.

In 1983 the province will guarantee to pay loans up to 75 per cent of
 the bank's total loans under the program, she said.

While Mrs. Bardecki said there will be several defaults of loans by
 farmers in the program, which offers loan guarantees or interest rate
 rebates to farmers in financial difficulty, she added it would be "next to
 impossible" for any bank's losses on the loans to amount to 50 per cent of
 its lending.

The province now has more than $40-million in farm loans guaranteed
 under the program.

Several farmers had reacted angrily to the change, believing it
 amounted to a 50 per cent reduction in individual loan guarantees, a move
 they feared would dramatically reduce bank financing of agriculture.

But Mrs. Bardecki said individual guarantees are still covered in full.
"What it means is that if a bank has $10-million in farm loans under  the
program, we will only pay for $5 million of those losses . . . . But  unless
something incredible were to take place we just can't see anything  like that
happening."

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             106 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Minnesota to Sell Taxable Notes to Pay For Guaranteed Farm Loans in Default

                            June 11, 1986, Wednesday

By Dennis L. Walters

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, June 10


Minnesota will begin selling taxable general obligation notes later this month
to pay off state-guaranteed farm loans in default.

The first sale of medium-term notes, which could occur within two weeks and is
expected to be between $3 million and $4 million, will be Minnesota's first
foray into the taxable debt markets.

The state plans to sell $20 million of the notes, with maturities of up to three
years, in small, periodic sales. Goldman, Sachs & Co. is the sole underwriter
for the upcoming issue.

Jay Kiedrowski, the state's commissioner of finance, said Minnesota is selling
taxable notes because ''borrowing for farmland is not an authorized tax-exempt
activity'' under the Internal Revenue Code.

Proceeds from the sales will be used to make good on loan guarantees issued
through the state's Family Farm Security Program. Minnesota established the
program in 1977 to help young farmers acquire agricultural land. To stimulate
private banks into lending for this purpose, the state guaranteed up to 90% of
the loan amounts provided to qualified farmers.

''The program worked fine while prices of agricultural land were rising,'' Mr.
Kiedrowski said. But in recent years, depressed prices for farm products have
pushed land values lower and squeezed the profitability of many smaller farmers.
As a result, he said, the family farm program ''is seeing some defaults.'' The
state estimates it will have to make good on $20 million of bad loans during the
next 18 months.

Minnesota will use the cash from the note sales to pay off its guaranteed loans
and ''in essence take possession of the property,'' Mr. Kiedrowski said.
Proceeds from liquidating the land will help retire the notes, but a state
subsidy probably will be needed as well, he said.

State officials are meeting with the major rating agencies this Friday to
discuss the sale. Minnesota's GO debt is rated Aa by Moody's Investors Service
and AA-plus by Standard & Poor's Corp. The state is seeking similar ratings for
the taxable sales because the notes are also general obligations, the finance
commissioner said.

Minnesota will sell the notes in periodic sales ''as we need them,'' Mr.
Kiedrowski said. The state has little to gain from selling all $20 million at
once because the higher costs of taxable borrowing preclude any arbitrage
profits, he explained.

In addition, John deC. Blondel Jr. of Goldman Sachs said the periodic sales will
allow Minnesota to ''come in and out of the market'' to match the rate of
property foreclosures, giving the state greater flexibility.

Michael Dougherty, managing partner of Dougherty, Dawkins, Strand & Yost Inc. in
Minneapolis, commented that Gov. Rudy Perpich of Minnesota is committed ''to
finding every tool to help'' solve agricultural problems, and the state is on
tne verge of selecting underwriters for other related debt financing programs.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 485 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1986 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             107 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Farm Lending Program Will Carry Federal Guarantees

                           February 13, 1984, Monday

By ROBERT B. LIEBERMAN

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


A recently reinstated $600 million farm lending program will allow commercial
banks to make federally guaranteed loans that will be insured up to 90% of face
value, say farm and bank industry sources.

Under the program, the Farmers Home Administration has allocated $50 million in
direct loans to farmers at interest rates under 11%. The remaining $550 million
will be used for federally guaranteed commercial bank loans, which will carry
higher interest rates.

The FHA program differs from past agency lending efforts because it emphasizes
guaranteed, as opposed to direct, loans. The shift means the federal government
will play more of a supportive role in a cast led by commercial banks, leaving
the banks to control the fate of many farmers, according to the sources.

''Nearly 98% to 99% of FHA agricultural credit has been direct versus guaranteed
loans,'' said Weldon Barton, agricultural specialist for the Independant Bankers
Association of America.

The program was activated last month under a federal court order that directed
the government to use funds left in limbo when a similar program died early in
the Reagan administration's tenure. Those funds were created under the Emergency
Agriculture Credit Adjustment Act of 1978.

A Lot of Farmers in the Crunch

''There are still a lot of farmers out there in the economic crunch,'' an FHA
spokesman said. ''This program could obviously pull a lot of them out.''

The agency has received more applications for direct loans than guaranteed
loans. Recently, Frank Naylor, undersecretary in charge of lending programs in
the Agriculture Department, said the $50 million for direct loans has already
been committed. Thus, applicants who did not receive the direct loans will have
to apply for commercial bank loans, according to the FHA.

Interest rates for the guaranteed commercial loans will be about 2.5% higher
than for the direct loans, according to Mr. Barton of the independent bankers'
group. Because bankers are attracted to the guaranteed aspect of the loans, they
will lend these funds quickly, he said.

An FHA spokesman said that shifting a majority of funds to commercial banks will
relieve the agency of some paperwork and reduce the administrative costs of the
loans.

The lending program will be in effect until Sept. 30.

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 388 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1984 American Banker, Inc.


                             108 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            November 9, 2001 Friday
                                  Late Edition

AWB apologises for harvest loan blunder

BYLINE: Cathy Bolt

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 519 words


Less than three months after its public listing, the former Australian Wheat
Board has been forced to apologise publicly over an embarrassing internal
breakdown which has caused it to mislead wheat growers and farm advisers for the
past month about a

key product it is offering in the increasingly competitive $1.5 billion harvest
loan market.

AWB's managing director, Mr Andrew Lindberg, issued a statement on Wednesday
apologising for contributing to the confusion over the level of the guaranteed
pool return the AWB would be offering on the big harvest now under way.

He said that for growers who opted to take an underwritten harvest loan from AWB
its main profit source the guaranteed return on their wheat would be 81.8 per
cent of the current estimated pool return on a GST-exclusive basis.

That contrasts with a statement issued a month ago since removed from the AWB's
website which said AWB had increased its underwriting level to 90 per cent of
the estimated pool return on a GST-exclusive basis.

Farm consultants had been advising clients that the high level of underwriting
being offered by AWB increased the attraction of its harvest loan package
against the increasing array of rival products entering the market. National
Australia Bank is the only other financier which links underwriting to its
harvest loan, but only to 80 per cent of the estimated pool return.

Growers and farm advisers discovered the close in the differential on Monday,
when AWB finalised and released the guaranteed pool returns for the major grades
of wheat delivered to its pool. Its announcement clarified that it would use the
10 per cent GST due to be paid to growers with each pool distribution against
outstanding loan balances.

That effectively decreased AWB's exposure to 81.8 per cent, with growers
required to find other funds to remit the GST.

Some farm advisers now question whether it is worth paying for an underwritten
loan since wheat prices would need to drop more than $45 a tonne from the
current $249 a tonne benchmark estimate to trigger the guarantee.

"We now place very little value on an underwritten return and this makes some of
the alternatives for harvest finance much more attractive," West Australian
consultancy Planfarm Pty Ltd advised its clients on Tuesday.

AWB's grower relations manager, Mr Andrew McConville, admitted the confusion
over the past month had extended to AWB field officers and its marketing team.
He said there had been an "internal disconnect" between the company's finance
arms and marketing arms which had become apparent last Friday.

"There has been a disconnect between what the perception of the market was and
what the board approved and what had been presented to all the ratings
agencies," Mr McConville said. "It's legitimate to say there was confusion and
we need to apologise for that confusion. It's brought us back to the pack from
where the market perceived us to be."

A commodity analyst and editor of Profarmer newsletter, Mr Dennis Wise, said
yesterday: "They will have every field officer explaining it for the next three
weeks and it creates uncertainty and mistrust."

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUS: Confusion centres on the level of the guaranteed pool return the
AWB will be offering. Photo: VIRGINIA STAR

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2001 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             109 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    March 15, 1978, Wednesday, Final Edition

House Panel Votes Bill on Farm Loans

SECTION: First Section; A2

LENGTH: 408 words


The House Committee yesterday approved, 39 to 5, a $4 billion emergency credit
bill to help farmers caught in a price squeeze to pay off home or operating
loans.

The bill would create a new program to be administered by the Farmers Home
Administration taht would make direct loans or guarantee loans in the private
money market up to $400,000 for estiablished farmers who can't get credit
through regualr channels because of depressed economic conditions and might
otherwise lose their farms.

Up to $2 billion could be loaned or guaranteed during each of the next two years
for the temporary program.  Family farms would be given preference, but the
loans would be available to larger farms in difficulty.

As usual this year, the meeting room was largerly filled with the visor-capped
farmers who marched on Washington in January and stayed to seek higher prices.
They wanted a $1 million loan limit.

The committee approved the bill with administration support to try to help the
pockets of farm distress caused by the farm price "roller-coaster" which has
seen farm income drop from $33 billion a year to $20 billion in the last five
years.

The loans could be used to repay or refinance farm mortgages or loans for
operating expenses made during that period.

The bill also would increase limits on loans that can be made under existing law
by the Farmers Home Administration to low-income farmers.  It would raise the
limit on home loans from $100,000 to $200,000 for direct loans and to $300,000
for guaranteed private loans.  The limit on operating expense loans would go up
from $50,000 to $100,000 for direct loans and $200,000 for guaranteed loans.

Rep. Harold L. Wolkmer (D-M.) protested that this could permit a farmera total
of $900,000 in loans from the two programs.  But committee staff members said
the same farmer probably could not qualify for a loan to low-income farmers from
the one program and to established farmers under the other.

At the request of Rep. W. R. Poage (D-Tex.), who said it would be a "gratuitous
insult" connoting criticism, the committee voted 18 to 6 to rescind a previous
action changing the name of the Farmers Home Administration of the Farm and
Rural Development Administration.  One reason for the change requested by the
Carter administration was thet the Farmers Home Administration sometimes gets
confused with the Federal Housing Administration, since both have the initials
FHA.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1978 The Washington Post


                             110 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              May 27, 2016 Friday

ABA Testifies on Lack of Farm Credit System Oversight

LENGTH: 800 words

DATELINE: New York



 WASHINGTON: The American Bankers Association testified today before the Senate
Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry Committee, offering the banking industry's
perspective on credit conditions in rural America and the Farm Credit System's
unwarranted risk to taxpayers, expansive mission creep and lack of support for
young, beginning and small farmers.



 Leonard Wolfe, president and CEO of United Bank and Trust in Marysville,
Kansas, testified on behalf of ABA. United Bank is a $585 million bank with 110
employees and more than $233 million in agricultural real estate and productions
loans in the bank's portfolio. Wolfe is also past chairman of the Kansas Bankers
Association and chairman of ABA's Ag Credit Task Force.

 In his testimony, Wolfe expressed concern about the growing size, complexity
and tax advantages of the Farm Credit System - a government-sponsored enterprise
like Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac - and the risks it poses to American taxpayers.

 "The Farm Credit System has seen dramatic growth in the past decade: it has
$304 billion in total assets - if it were a bank it would be the ninth largest
in the country," Wolfe said. "And as a government-sponsored enterprise, the Farm
Credit System benefits have the implicit guarantee of the U.S. Treasury - and by
extension, taxpayers - if it ever requires financial assistance. Since 2013 this
guarantee has become more than just implicit: the Farm Credit System's Insurance
Corporation has secured a $10 billion line of credit from the Federal Financing
Bank, an arm of the U.S. Treasury. Additionally, the Farm Credit System enjoys
significant tax advantages that leave the playing field uneven. This increased
reliance on taxpayers is a disturbing development, to say the least, and the
Farm Credit Administration should be forthright about what that means for
taxpayers," he said.

 "We urge Congress to perform an autopsy on the System to ensure that their
charter of helping young, beginning and small farmers is being followed.  If
it's not, we urge Congress to remove the significant tax break provided to the
System," Wolfe said.
 Wolfe questioned the Farm Credit System's $750 million dollar loan to Verizon
and $350 million credit agreement with Frontier Communications - neither
providing explicit benefits to rural America.

 Wolfe noted that the nation's 1,976 farm banks increased lending 7.9 percent in
2015 to meet the rising credit needs of farmers and ranchers, and now provide
more than $100 billion in total farm loans. Farm banks are those with more than
15.5 percent of their loans made to farmers or ranchers.

 "Farm banks across the country are doing their part to help small farmers by
providing them a reliable source of credit," Wolfe said. "In 2015 farm banks
held $48 billion in small farm loans, including $11.5 billion in micro-small
farm loans, where the origination value is less than $100,000. In contrast, the
Farm Credit System's investment in small farmers in the last 12 years has
dropped precipitously, all while it has seen explosive growth. Farm banks have
been helping small farmers immensely, and they have done so without having a
legal mandate to."

 Wolfe explained the importance of the USDA's guaranteed farm loan program to
make additional credit available to farmers and ranchers. He also thanked
Congress and the agricultural committees for repealing borrower term limits.

 "Repealing borrower term limits has helped countless farmers." Wolfe said. "And
that means farmers will have more access to the kinds of loans that can make or
break their livelihood. The average outstanding guaranteed real estate loan is
$439,000 and the average outstanding guaranteed non real estate secured loan is
$250,000. It is clear enough that we are reaching customers who have modest
operations, who are in the process of starting their farm or ranch operation or
who are recovering from a financial setback."

 Wolfe closed his testimony by expressing the banking industry's commitment to
providing agricultural credit.

 "When the agricultural economy collapsed in the middle of the 1980s, community
banks worked closely with farmers and ranchers so that they could restructure
their businesses and rebuild rural economies across the country," Wolfe said.
"And ever since then, community banks have provided the majority of agricultural
credit to farmers and ranchers.

 "While other lenders, including the Farm Credit System, shrank their portfolios
of agricultural loans or exited the business altogether, community banks
expanded agricultural lending. They saw opportunity where others did not - and
they still see great opportunities in agriculture. We are prepared and committed
to making sure America's farmers have what they need to keep feeding the nation
and the world," he said.


LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             111 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              June 22, 2007 Friday

Guthrie-based First Capital Bank agrees to pay feds $1.2 million

BYLINE: Marie Price

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 344  words


Guthrie-headquartered First Capital Bank has agreed to pay the federal
government $1.2 million to settle allegations that it submitted false claims to
the federal Farm Service Agency from 1994 to 2006, U.S. Attorney John C. Richter
announced Thursday.

Bank officials deny any wrongdoing.

Richter, who serves the Western District of Oklahoma, said that federal farm
programs are intended to support farmers.

"Guaranteed loan programs, such as the one at issue here, rely on the integrity
and honesty of both the farmers and lenders involved in the loan process, so
that taxpayer dollars are used effectively. Excessive fees and inflated interest
rates charged by lenders hurt not only the specific farmer involved, but the
entire agricultural industry. "

FSA offers farm ownership and operating loans to qualified farmers, guaranteeing
the loans made by commercial lenders for up to 95 percent of the loan amount.
The agency also operates an interest assistance program that provides an annual
interest subsidy of 4 percent on eligible loans.

The case began when, in July 2004, two individuals filed a lawsuit under the
whistle-blower provisions of the federal False Claims Act, alleging that First
Capital Bank violated the law by charging excessive fees and inflating interest
rates on FSA loans to Oklahoma farmers, resulting in false claims by the bank
for guaranteed loss claims and interest assistance payments.

Federal prosecutors intervened to pursue the false claims allegations.

FCG Chairman and CEO Jack Stuteville said the allegations are false, but that
the bank chose to settle to avoid a costly and disruptive legal battle.

"This lawsuit is clearly unjustified," Stuteville said. "Prior to funding, the
Farm Service Agency has reviewed and approved every FSA-guaranteed loan we have
ever made. " He said FSA officials have told FCB they do not know how to
determine whether a bank's rates comply with regulations.

Stuteville said FCB officials are innocent of wrongdoing.

"We try our best to comply with all government rules, even when they are
unclear," he said.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             112 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             April 7, 2007 Saturday

Rural agency offering grants and loans

LENGTH: 175 words


The Utah Rural Development agency announced that grants and guaranteed loans are
available to help rural businesses or agricultural producers produce renewable
energy or make energy-saving improvements to their facilities or farms.

The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvements Program was
created as part of the 2002 Farm Bill to help farmers, ranchers and rural small
businesses develop renewable energy systems and increase efficiency.

Grants can be used to cover up to 25 percent of a project's cost and can be
combined with the guaranteed loan program to further lower the cost of a variety
of energy projects.

Grant-only applications may be submitted at any time, the agency said, but the
2007 deadline is May 18. Applications for guaranteed loans and a combination
grant and guaranteed loan also may be submitted at any time but must be received
by July 2 to be considered for 2007 funding.

For more information, applications, forms and other tools regarding the energy
program, visit www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/farmbill/index.html.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             113 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Daily Republic (Mitchell, South Dakota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             May 14, 2016 Saturday

Farmers forced to tighten their belts

BYLINE: Jake Shama, The Daily Republic, Mitchell, S.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1407 words


May 14--Farmers reap what they sow.

But before they can sow, they need a loan, and that hasn't come so easily for
some South Dakota farmers this year.

"No farmer can farm without a loan. It's not possible," said David Glissendorf,
a 54-year-old farmer from White Lake.

Glissendorf takes out an agriculture loan every year, like every farmer he
knows, which he uses to buy seeds and cover operating costs.

This year was no exception. He applied for a loan in January and was approved
before planting his first seeds earlier this month.

But Glissendorf said not all farmers are as lucky this year. He's heard of
farmers having trouble getting their loans renewed for the coming season, as low
grain and cattle prices have caused some lenders to be more cautious and take
more time before finishing renewals.

According to Mary Held, a farm loan specialist based in Brookings for South
Dakota's Farm Service Agency, FSA's busiest time of year for loan activity
traditionally has been late-December through early-April. That hasn't held true
in 2016, as FSA's loan approvals continue and are expected to expand throughout
the entire year.

"It used to be maybe you had what you would call your loan season," Held said.
"It doesn't seem to be that way anymore."

FSA offers two loan types: direct and guaranteed loans. Direct loans send agency
money straight to the producer, while guaranteed loans use private lenders as
middlemen, and FSA will absorb some of the loss if a producer fails to repay the
loan.

In FSA's fiscal year 2015 -- Oct. 1, 2014, to Sept. 30, 2015 -- the agency
approved 1,308 direct loans and 300 guaranteed loans. As of March 2016, FSA
approved 760 direct loans and 131 guaranteed loans this fiscal year, but Held
said her agency may have approved about 140 more loans since then.

"We've had a lot of activity in the last couple months," Held said.

From Oct. 1 to March 21, FSA approved $113.4 million in direct and guaranteed
loans, and she expects that number to keep rising. From Oct. 1, 2014, to March
25, 2015, FSA approved $93.6 million.

'A strong client base'

As a government entity, FSA is a "creditor-first opportunity," which means a
producer must have been denied by a commercial lender. Held said the increase in
FSA loans this year can be attributed to producers failing to qualify for
commercial loans they received last year, as well as private lenders using
guaranteed loans to offset some of the risk.

Bob Schmidt, Senior Vice President for Farm Credit Services of America in the
company's South Dakota territory, said he doesn't think many of his clients have
switched to FSA and said the company has actually added new clients in the past
six months.

"We have a strong client base that we do business with and we look for
additional clients. Our customers have done a nice job of balancing their
checkbooks," Schmidt said.

FCSA is a financial cooperative that is one of the largest pieces of the Farm
Credit System, a nationwide network of nearly 80 cooperatives. The Farm Credit
System funds about 40 percent of U.S. farm-business debt, said FCSA Public
Relations Specialist Judith Nygren.

Total loans offered by FCSA has risen every year from 2011 to 2015, increasing
from $15.9 billion to $23.6 billion, and from the end of 2015 to March 31, the
total continued to climb to $23.9 billion.

Schmidt said FCSA completed the bulk of its renewals between January and March,
but they are still working on renewing loans for a few customers.

Jim Munsen, 52, of White Lake, is one farmer who is still waiting for a loan,
but he chose not to reveal what lender he uses.

Munsen said his renewal has taken this long before, and he's not worried, as he
thinks April rains have made the ground too wet to plant corn, anyway.

"I'm not pushed yet. I still got time," Munsen said.

Delinquency rates -- which measure how often producers fail to pay back their
loans -- on FSA loans have risen slightly from last year. Delinquency on direct
loans as of February is 4.55 percent. Direct-loan delinquency as of February
2015 was 4.42 percent.

Delinquency rates on guaranteed loans moved up as well from 0.34 percent in
March 2015 to 0.43 percent in March 2016. While rates have risen from last year,
Held said she was surprised they hadn't risen more.

But that doesn't mean FSA's pockets are bottomless. Congress allocates money to
the agency every year, and when it runs out, new applications are placed on a
waitlist, which has been fairly common in recent years.

"Every year, it seems like we have a little bit of a waiting list when we get
down to the end of the fiscal year," Held said.

Held said the FSA could run out of money again this year, which would push
people onto the waiting list again.

According to Schmidt, FCSA's delinquency rate is still "relatively low" because
their customers have diligently made payments when they were due.

"That's a credit to them," Schmidt said.

Schmidt said FCSA is financially stable enough to continue serving its customers
through a few years of low prices until the markets turn around.

"The cycle will come back, and there will be profitability back in the farming
industry again," Schmidt said.

Equity

Held said part of the problem stems from producers' purchasing decisions when
crop prices were higher.

Although farming was profitable in recent years, with the price of corn rising
to $7.39 per bushel in August 2012, a five-year high, farmers also spent more on
equipment, land and other capital investments, Held said.

"Unfortunately, the spending went along with that," Held said. "We saw more
machinery purchases, home improvements, shop improvements, family living. Some
of the spending was probably not the best decisions that were made."

Corn has since fallen to about $3.20 per bushel, dropping along with prices for
other grains and cattle, damaging producers' income and equity, a key factor
considered by lenders.

Equity is the difference between the value of a person's assets and the cost of
the liabilities. For example, if a farmer owns a $100,000 combine but still has
to pay off a $20,000 loan on it, the equity in the combine is $80,000.

"The stronger equity you have, the more staying power you have," Schmidt said.

Schmidt, however, said some capital purchases may have benefitted farmers, as
long as they were given fair loans for equipment upgrades. He said the equipment
is still virtually brand new, and producers may have paid off a four- or
five-year loan already, meaning the machines are adding to the producers'
equity.

"Many individuals have upgraded machinery, and right now, if they didn't carry a
whole lot of debt with it, it's working to their advantage," Schmidt said. "Most
of them had equity and gained equity."

In fact, FCSA members' total equity rose in the first three months of 2016 from
$4.3 billion to $4.4 billion, a sharp increase from 2013's total of $2.9
billion.

FCSA member's total income, however, declined to $514 million last year -- $22.5
million lower than 2014 and $600,000 lower than 2013 -- meaning farmers may have
to watch their spending this year.

Held said producers may have to "tighten the belt" and sell some assets, but it
might be too late for some to make it back into the black.

" 'We're in an economic reset,' " Held said, quoting David Kohl, professor
emeritus in agricultural and applied economics at Virginia tech, who spoke at an
FSA training session in December. "I don't think we're in a freefall. I don't
think we're in a disaster, but I think we're needing to take a step back and
take a look at some things."

Schmidt said his customers are resilient and most farmers are "good at
tightening the belt" and make sound business decisions.

Glissendorf said he has been able to pay off his agriculture loans almost every
year, so it was easier for him to get a renewal, but he said lenders need to
make the effort to support producers.

"The ag bankers gotta support the farmers and give the money to put the crop in
the ground," Glissendorf said.

But Glissendorf also has the benefit of owning his own land, which means he
doesn't pay rent, and the land contributes to his equity.

With his ag loan in place, seeds sown in the ground and plenty of spring rain so
far, Glissendorf expects to reap a bountiful harvest come the fall.

"Rain makes grain," he said. "It's gonna be a good year."

___ (c)2016 The Daily Republic (Mitchell, S.D.) Visit The Daily Republic
(Mitchell, S.D.) at www.mitchellrepublic.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160514-JQ-Farmers-forced-to-tighten-their-belts-0514-20160514

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JQ


                       Copyright 2016 The Daily Republic


                             114 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                  May 28, 1990

FAMC Will Operate Secondary for FMHA

SECTION: FARM MORTGAGES; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 410 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Senate Agriculture Committee has voted to allow the Federal Agricultural
Mortgage Corp. to operate a secondary market for Farmers Home Administration-
guaranteed loans, a move which will satisfy a legislative requirement that FmHA
develop a secondary market program.

The legislation gives Farmer Mac authority to pool the guaranteed portion of
FmHA loans itself.

Other qualified poolers also will be eligible to pool FmHA-guaranteed loans
under the legislation.

The provision was included in a block of amendments to the farm bill that
received bipartisan support from members of the committee.

"This is a sound proposal for Farmer Mac and for Farmer Mac stockholders. . . .
It offers the potential for benefits to all Farmer Mac participants," said Tom
Clark, Farmer Mac's vice president for corporate relations.

The Senate's credit title of the 1990 farm bill also lays the groundwork for a
continued shift from FmHA direct loans to guaranteed loans made by private
lenders, a transition the Administration has pushed for.

The credit title allows the FmHA to use underwriting forms and standards that
conform to those used by commercial lenders.

The bill also requires the USDA to provide "borrower training" to help FmHA
borrowers learn financial and farm management skills.

FmHA county committees also will be allowed to require borrowers to receive
management assistance if they believe it is necessary.

However, the committee also can waive the requirement rather than deny loans to
a borrower.

Borrowers may be required to pay for the training.  The USDA is directed to
develop a curriculum.  The bill also places more responsibility on FmHA staff
persons to provide credit supervision to borrowers to help them reach the point
where they are able to qualify for commercial credit.

Debt forgiveness may be expanded for some FmHA borrowers under the bill, which
requires the FmHA to write down or restructure loans to leave the borrower with
a 5% margin on debt service.

Debt writedowns are capped at $ 350,000 and borrowers are limited to one
writedown under an amendment to the bill.

New FmHA borrowers will be required to graduate to commercial credit after 10
years with a direct loan and five years with a guaranteed loan.

The legislation gives beginning farmers preference when applying to purchase
property from the FmHA inventory.

The amount of time FmHA must hold property is reduced from three years to 18
months.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1990 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             115 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 21, 2016 Friday

FEDERAL REGISTER: EZ Guarantee Program and Micro Lender Program (MLP) Status
Pages 72686 - 72692 [FR DOC # 2016-25492]

LENGTH: 6724  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Farm Service Agency 7 CFR Parts 761 and 762 RIN
0560-AI34 EZ Guarantee Program and Micro Lender Program (MLP) Status AGENCY:
Farm Service Agency, USDA. ACTION: Final rule.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Farm Service Agency (FSA) is amending the guaranteed Farm Loan Programs
(FLP) regulations to implement an EZ Guarantee Program and establish an
additional lender status.

The EZ Guarantee Program will help lenders reduce costs of underwriting and
servicing loans to help meet the unique financing needs of small farm
operations. The intended effects of the rule are to make guaranteed loan
programs more widely available and attractive to small farm operations and the
lenders who work with those farm operations through a more flexible underwriting
analysis process, reduced application requirements, and faster FSA approval. In
addition, FSA is amending the regulations to make a technical correction related
to chattel appraisal appeals related to both guaranteed and direct loans. DATES:
Effective Date: October 21, 2016. Comment Dates: We will consider comments on
the Paperwork Reduction Act that we receive by: December 20, 2016. We will
consider comments on the regulatory changes that we receive by: January 19,
2017. ADDRESSES: We invite you to submit comments on this rule. In your comment,
specify RIN 0560-AI34, and include the volume, date, and page number of this
issue of the Federal Register. You may submit comments by either of the
following methods:  Federal Rulemaking Portal: Go to http://www.regulations.gov.
Follow the instructions for submitting comments.

      Mail: Director, Loan Making Division, FLP, FSA, US

 Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop 0522,

 Washington, DC 20250-0522.

     Comments will be available for viewing online at
http://www.regulations.gov. In addition, comments will be available for public

 inspection at the above address during business hours from 8 a.m. to 5

 p.m., Monday through Friday, except holidays.



 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Randi Sheffer; telephone: (202) 205-

 0682. Persons with disabilities or who require alternative means for

 communications should contact the USDA Target Center at (202) 720-2600

 (voice).



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:



 Background



     FSA makes and services a variety of direct and guaranteed loans to

 the nation's farmers and ranchers who are unable to obtain private

 commercial credit at reasonable rates and terms. FSA also provides

 direct loan customers with credit counseling and supervision to enhance

 their opportunity for success. FSA direct and guaranteed loan

 applicants are often beginning farmers and socially disadvantaged

 farmers who do not qualify for conventional loans because of

 insufficient net worth or established farmers who have suffered

 financial setbacks due to natural disasters or economic downturns. FSA

 tailors direct and guaranteed loans to a customer's needs and may be

 used to buy farmland and to finance agricultural production.

     The Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act of 1972 (CONACT,

 Pub. L. 92-419), as amended, authorizes FSA's Guaranteed Farm Loan

 Programs.



 EZ Guarantee Program



     FSA is amending its FLP regulations to add an EZ Guarantee Program

 to further assist the financing needs of small farm operations. Section

 333A(g)(1)(A) of the CONACT states that FSA will provide lenders with a

 short, simplified application for loans which are $125,000 or less (see

 7 U.S.C. 1983a(g)(1)(A)). The EZ Guarantee Program process will be the

 same as the Guaranteed Loan Program, except there is a new, self-

 contained application specifically formatted for EZ Guarantee loans.

 FSA may request additional information for the application when

 necessary to clarify a response on the application before making an

 approval decision.

     FSA is adding a definition of an EZ Guarantee loan in 7 CFR 761.2.

 The EZ Guarantee Program will provide alternatives for application and

 financial underwriting process for Operating Loan (OL) and Farm

 Ownership loan (FO) purposes. All other FLP rules will remain unchanged

 and the funding sources for these EZ Guarantee loans will continue to

 be through FSA's guaranteed OL and FO annual appropriations.

     All lenders who meet FSA eligibility criteria (see 7 CFR 762.105,

 762.106, and 762.107) will be eligible to originate EZ Guarantee loans.

 As discussed below, the rule adds MLP Status in addition to Standard

 Eligible Lender (SEL), Certified Lender Program (CLP), and Preferred

 Lender Program (PLP) status. SELs, CLPs, and PLPs may originate EZ

 Guarantee loans up to $100,000. Because of their limited experience in

 making agricultural loans, MLPs will be limited to loans up to $50,000.

 The streamlined application and new underwriting process will reduce

 the burden for all of the FSA lender types. Beyond that, we expect that

 this new EZ Guarantee Program may be of particular interest to and used

 primarily by small commercial lenders



 [[Page 72687]]



 desiring to build their agriculture portfolio and by nontraditional

 lenders who typically work with small farm operations.

     EZ Guarantee loans will be subject to the same eligibility,

 security, and environmental requirements, as any other guaranteed OL or

 FO. Loan purposes, interest rate requirements, loan terms, appraisal

 requirements, and percent guarantee, and guarantee fees will also

 remain the same. Therefore, Sec. Sec.  762.120 through 762.124 and

 762.126 through 762.127 are not being revised.

     Because small loans present less credit risk, and lenders are less

 inclined to finance small loans, FSA is revising Sec.  762.110 to

 reflect a new, all-inclusive application form to be used only for EZ

 Guarantee loans. Unlike other guaranteed applications, lenders will not

 need to submit supporting information to FSA; therefore, the approval

 process will require significantly less time. In addition, the

 application format is different from the application forms now being

 used by FSA guaranteed lenders. The EZ Guarantee application will

 include a series of questions that pertain to eligibility, loan

 repayment prospects, collateral, and environmental review, which if

 appropriate, will allow for an accelerated FSA approval. An application

 not qualifying for the accelerated FSA approval will not necessarily be

 rejected, but instead will require additional information. This rule

 also makes additional changes to Sec.  762.110 for clarity, but the

 rules for regular guaranteed applications remain the same.

     As part of streamlining the application process, FSA is revising

 Sec.  762.125 to use a more streamlined underwriting process for EZ

 Guarantee loans. Because of the limited income derived from a small

 loan, commercial lenders typically perform very limited financial

 analysis at loan origination. With the EZ Guarantee Program, the lender

 may analyze the loan in the same manner they would analyze a

 nonguaranteed loan of the same size and type, saving them time and

 money. Many lenders are now using historical averages, industry

 standards, or scorecard lending rather than projecting cash flow

 budgets to determine feasibility. Scorecard lending is an underwriting

 method where lenders use a variety of financial ratios and other

 information to predict the level of credit risk a particular applicant

 presents. Lenders will be required to analyze an EZ Guarantee

 application and determine that the applicant demonstrated reasonable

 prospects for repayment using normal, industry accepted methods and

 criteria. As part of the lender's information added to the application,

 the lender will describe the method and standards used on the EZ

 Guarantee application.

     The lender's standards need to meet the following requirements:

     1. The lender must perform the same financial analysis and apply

 the same underwriting standards for an EZ Guarantee loan as they would

 for a nonguaranteed loan of the same size and type.

     2. The lender must determine that the EZ Guarantee applicant

 demonstrates reasonable prospects to repay the requested loan. This

 determination must be arrived at using the lender's typical

 underwriting criteria and methods, such as a cash flow projection, a

 scorecard underwriting model, historical income and expenses, or other

 repayment capacity indicator.

     3. The lender will describe the methods and criteria used to

 determine the applicant's prospects for repayment on the EZ Guarantee

 application form.

     FSA anticipates changes in accepted lending practices, portfolio

 performance, and economic conditions will create a need to update the

 EZ Guarantee underwriting criteria; therefore, Sec.  762.125(d)

 specifies that the standards will be updated for future changes through

 an FSA announcement posted on the FSA Web site (www.fsa.usda.gov). That

 will allow for timely updating of the standards as needs change.

     Since lenders will continue to analyze and document EZ Guarantee

 loans using the same methods and standards they use for nonguaranteed

 loans, FSA anticipates little to no change in default rates resulting

 from the limited underwriting analysis.

     FSA will service EZ Guarantee loans as it currently services

 guaranteed OLs and FOs with exceptions for term loans performing

 according to the promissory notes and loan agreements. The lender will

 be responsible for servicing the entire loan in a reasonable and

 prudent manner, protecting and accounting for collateral; and the

 lender will also remain as the mortgagee or secured party of record.

 The lender will be responsible for servicing its guaranteed loans as it

 services any other loan in its portfolio and complying with all FLP

 requirements in 7 CFR 762.140 through 762.149. The reporting

 requirements will be the current reporting requirements in 7 CFR

 761.141 including semi-annual status and default status reporting.

     FSA is revising 7 CFR 762.140 for more limited analysis of

 borrowers with EZ Guarantee loans. If the loan is performing as

 intended, an annual analysis may not be required. All delinquent

 servicing lender responsibilities in 7 CFR 762.143 will remain the

 same.



 Guaranteed MLP



     FSA will administer MLP to increase collaboration with

 nontraditional lenders and assist small farm operations typically in

 underserved areas. The additional MLP Status will also enable

 nontraditional lenders to participate in the EZ Guarantee Program.

 Also, establishing a stronger working relationship with nontraditional

 lenders will be beneficial because they share a common goal with FSA to

 assist producers in underserved areas, including credit deserts such as

 Indian Country.

     Minor reference changes in the rules are being made in Sec. Sec.

 761.2, 762.101, and 762.128. In Sec.  761.2, an abbreviation of ``Micro

 Lender Program'' is being added. In Sec.  762.101, ``Micro Lender'' is

 being added to the lender classification. In Sec.  762.128, ``MLP'' is

 being added to the list of lenders who must comply with the

 environmental requirements.

     Also, this rule adds Sec.  762.107 to implement MLP including the

 creation of an additional MLP Status for nontraditional lenders and

 commercial lenders who are not eligible for or do not want Standard

 Eligible Lender (SEL), Certified Lender Program (CLP), or Preferred

 Lender Program (PLP) status. To request MLP Status, a lender will

 submit an application form to any FSA office. The application form will

 collect information from the lender, such as loan portfolio

 characteristics (delinquency and default rates), source(s) of loan

 funding, and certifications by the lender.

     FSA will evaluate the MLP Status application using the criteria in

 7 CFR 762.107(b).

     FSA regulations require guaranteed lenders to be subject to credit

 examination and supervision by an acceptable State or Federal

 regulatory agency (see 7 CFR 762.105(b)). This requirement has

 prevented many nontraditional lenders from qualifying to receive FSA

 Guarantees on loans made to their customers. MLP Status will allow

 nontraditional lenders to participate in FSA's EZ Guarantee Program by

 permitting this examination and supervision to be performed by other

 types of regulatory agencies. In the new Sec.  762.107(b)(3), FSA

 requires lenders to be subject to appropriate oversight to participate

 in the FSA Guaranteed Program as micro lenders. Nontraditional lenders

 such as Community Development Financial



 [[Page 72688]]



 Institutions (CDFIs) are supervised and regulated, but not to the same

 degree that agencies like the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency

 or other banking authorities regulate commercial banks. The following

 types of organizations have currently been determined to meet these

 standards:

     1. A lender meeting the examination and supervision requirement in

 Sec.  762.105(b).

     2. CDFI. CDFIs that have been awarded funds and are under the

 supervision of the CDFIs Program described in 12 CFR part 1805.

     3. Rural Rehabilitation Corporation (RRC). RRCs that have entered

 into an agreement establishing an ongoing reporting and credit

 supervision relationship with FSA.

     Traditional lenders, such as banks or credit unions, that are

 currently not eligible to obtain SEL, CLP or PLP status, would be

 eligible to apply for MLP status. Additionally nontraditional lenders

 that are certified by the U.S. Department of the Treasury--such as

 CDFIs--or that are subject to credit examination and supervision by

 FSA's Deputy Administrator for FLP (DAFLP)--such as RRCs--would be

 eligible to apply for MLP Status because:

     1. FSA has experience in working with CDFIs and RRCs. In addition,

 CDFIs and RRCs typically make loans to small farms and underserved

 farmers, and are expected to be one of the primary users of the new EZ

 Guarantee Program; and

     2. At this time, FSA does not have sufficient knowledge or

 expertise regarding other types of nontraditional lenders. Further

 research, including the potential need for guarantees by other types of

 nontraditional lenders is required before allowing these lenders to

 participate in the EZ Guarantee Program.

     FSA expects to allow future expansion of the MLP Status to include

 other types of nontraditional lenders once further research is

 conducted; therefore, Sec.  762.107(b)(3) specifies that FSA will

 announce future modifications to acceptable oversight on the FSA Web

 site. This will allow FSA to include other lenders as our experience

 with MLP Status grows.

     In addition to the oversight and portfolio performance criteria,

 FSA also will require the lender to demonstrate experience in making

 the types of loans they will be requesting FSA to guarantee and the

 resources to properly make and service these loans, which is very

 similar to what FSA requires of its other lenders. MLPs lending

 capabilities may be demonstrated by their experience making and

 servicing other loans rather than just agricultural loans, as with

 other FSA guaranteed lenders.

     As an objective measure of the capability to make and service

 loans, FSA is establishing minimum volume and maximum loss rates. These

 rates will be based on the lender's entire portfolio. In 7 CFR

 762.107(b)(3), FSA requires lenders to demonstrate significant positive

 experience in making and servicing loans. The experience must be that:

     1. The lender has originated 20 or more business loans of $50,000

 or less; and

     2. The lender's losses on all business loans of $50,000 or less

 made over the past 7 years do not exceed 3 percent.

     Again, to allow for timely modification of these rates as

 circumstances change, FSA may modify these rates by posting rates on

 the FSA Web site.

     Once approved, MLP Status will be valid for 5 years unless revoked

 by FSA. This is consistent with the timeframe of FSA's CLP and PLP

 lender status. FSA will also reconsider MLP Status in the event a

 lender's ownership changes, as is currently done with CLP and PLP

 lenders.

     An MLP Status lender will be bound by all existing terms specified

 in FSA's Lender's Agreement. It will have the same reporting

 requirements and be subject to periodic lender review. Unlike FSA's

 other guaranteed lenders, however, MLP lenders typically have limited

 experience with agricultural loans and therefore will only be able to

 underwrite loans up to $50,000 under the EZ Guarantee Program.



 Technical Correction for Chattel Appraisal Appeals



     FSA is amending the regulations in 7 CFR 761.7(e)(2) to make a

 technical correction related to chattel appraisal appeals in connection

 with both guaranteed and direct loans. In the FSA final rule published

 on November 28, 2013, (78 FR 65523-65541), changes made relative to

 chattel appraisal appeals specified that the borrower needs to provide

 an independent appraisal. However, it was the intent of FSA that the

 borrower provide an independent appraisal review by a person that

 possesses sufficient experience or training to establish market value

 of chattel property based on public sales of the same or similar

 property in the market area, rather than an entirely new appraisal.

 Therefore, this rule is correcting that error in 7 CFR 761.7(e)(2).



 Notice and Comment



     In general, the Administrative Procedure Act (5 U.S.C. 553)

 requires that a notice of proposed rulemaking be published in the

 Federal Register and interested persons be given an opportunity to

 participate in the rulemaking through submission of written data,

 views, or arguments with or without opportunity for oral presentation,

 except that when the rule involves a matter relating to public

 property, loans, grants, benefits, or contracts section 553 does not

 apply. This rule involved matters relating to loans and is therefore

 being published as a final rule without the prior opportunity for

 comments. Although FSA is not required to provide the opportunity for

 comments on this rule, we are requesting public comments for 90 days to

 request public input on the changes.



 Effective Date



     The Administrative Procedure Act (APA, 5 U.S.C. 553) provides

 generally that before rules are issued by Government agencies, the rule

 is required to be published in the Federal Register, and the required

 publication of a substantive rule is to be not less than 30 days before

 its effective date. However, as noted above, one of the exceptions is

 that section 553 does not apply to rulemaking that involves a matter

 relating to loans. Therefore, because this rule relates to loans, the

 30-day effective period requirement in section 553 does not apply. This

 final rule is effective when published in the Federal Register. Most

 FLP guaranteed loans are established at the beginning of the calendar

 year; therefore, implementing this rule quickly will benefit beginning

 and small farms starting in 2016, instead of having to wait for 2017.



 Executive Order 12866 and 13563



     Executive Order 12866, ``Regulatory Planning and Review,'' and

 Executive Order 13563, ``Improving Regulation and Regulatory Review,''

 direct agencies to assess all costs and benefits of available

 regulatory alternatives and, if regulation is necessary, to select

 regulatory approaches that maximize net benefits (including potential

 economic, environmental, public health and safety effects, distributive

 impacts, and equity). Executive Order 13563 emphasizes the importance

 of quantifying both costs and benefits, of reducing costs, of

 harmonizing rules, and of promoting flexibility.

     The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) designated this rule as

 not



 [[Page 72689]]



 significant under Executive Order 12866 and, therefore, OMB was not

 required to review this final rule.



 Regulatory Flexibility Act



     The Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601-612), as amended by

 the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act of 1996

 (SBREFA), generally requires an agency to prepare a regulatory

 flexibility analysis of any rule whenever an agency is required by APA

 or any other law to publish a proposed rule, unless the agency

 certifies that the rule will not have a significant economic impact on

 a substantial number of small entities. This rule is not subject to the

 Regulatory Flexibility Act because it is exempt from notice and comment

 rulemaking requirements of the APA and no other law requires that a

 proposed rule be published for this rulemaking initiative.



 Environmental Review



     The environmental impacts of this rule have been considered in a

 manner consistent with the provisions of the National Environmental

 Policy Act (NEPA, 42 U.S.C. 4321-4347), the regulations of the Council

 on Environmental Quality (40 CFR parts 1500-1508), and the FSA

 regulations for compliance with NEPA (7 CFR part 799). Through this

 rule, FSA is establishing the EZ Guarantee Program to provide a

 guarantee for OLs and FOs up to $100,000, which are expected to be most

 used by beginning farmers and farmers with small farms (farms with

 annual gross agricultural products sales from $1,000 to $99,999) with

 less traditional farm operations who are not typically FSA Guaranteed

 loan customers. FSA is implementing the MLP Status to allow

 nontraditional lenders to participate in the EZ Guarantee Program,

 which is an administrative change. FSA is revising the existing FLP

 regulations to make those changes, but it is not changing the

 environmental review requirements that apply. The environmental

 responsibilities for each prospective applicant will not change from

 the current process followed for all FLP actions (7 CFR 799). Each EZ

 Guarantee Program action will be reviewed under the existing process to

 ensure it will not have a significant impact on the quality of the

 human environment either individually or cumulatively. Therefore, FSA

 will not prepare a programmatic environmental assessment or

 environmental impact statement on this rule.



 Executive Order 12372



     Executive Order 12372, ``Intergovernmental Review of Federal

 Programs,'' requires consultation with State and local officials that

 would be directly affected by proposed Federal financial assistance.

 The objectives of the Executive Order are to foster an

 intergovernmental partnership and a strengthened Federalism, by relying

 on State and local processes for State and local government

 coordination and review of proposed Federal Financial assistance and

 direct Federal development. For reasons specified in the final rule

 related notice regarding 7 CFR part 3015, subpart V (48 FR 29115, June

 24, 1983), the programs and activities within this rule are excluded

 from the scope of Executive Order 12372.



 Executive Order 12988



     This rule has been reviewed in accordance with Executive Order

 12988, ``Civil Justice Reform.'' This rule will not preempt State or

 local laws, regulations, or policies unless they represent an

 irreconcilable conflict with this rule. The rule does not have

 retroactive effect. Before any judicial action may be brought regarding

 the provisions of this rule, the administrative appeal provisions of 7

 CFR parts 11 and 780 are to be exhausted.



 Executive Order 13132



     This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 13132,

 ``Federalism.'' The policies contained in this rule do not have any

 substantial direct effect on States, on the relationship between the

 Federal government and the States, or the distribution of power and

 responsibilities among the various levels of government, except as

 required by law. Nor will this rule impose substantial direct

 compliance costs on State and local governments. Therefore,

 consultation with the States is not required.



 Executive Order 13175



     This rule has been reviewed in accordance with the requirements of

 Executive Order 13175, ``Consultation and Coordination with Indian

 Tribal Governments.'' Executive Order 13175 requires Federal agencies

 to consult and coordinate with tribes on a government-to-government

 basis on policies that have tribal implications, including regulations,

 legislative comments or proposed legislation, and other policy

 statements or actions that have substantial direct effects on one or

 more Indian tribes, on the relationship between the Federal government

 and Indian tribes or on the distribution of power and responsibilities

 between the Federal government and Indian tribes.

     FSA has assessed the impact of this rule on Indian tribes and

 determined that this rule does not, to our knowledge, have tribal

 implications that require tribal consultation under Executive Order

 13175. If a Tribe requests consultation, FSA will work with the USDA

 Office of Tribal Relations to ensure meaningful consultation is

 provided.



 Unfunded Mandates



     Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (UMRA, Pub. L.

 104-4) requires Federal agencies to assess the effects of their

 regulatory actions on State, local, or Tribal governments or the

 private sector. Agencies generally must prepare a written statement,

 including a cost benefit analysis, for proposed and final rules with

 Federal mandates that may result in expenditures of $100 million or

 more in any 1 year for State, local, or Tribal governments, in the

 aggregate, or to the private sector. UMRA generally requires agencies

 to consider alternatives and adopt the more cost effective or least

 burdensome alternative that achieves the objectives of the rule. This

 rule contains no Federal mandates, as defined in Title II of UMRA, for

 State, local, or Tribal governments, or private sector. Therefore, this

 rule is not subject to the requirements of sections 202 and 205 of

 UMRA.



 Paperwork Reduction Act



     In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the

 following new information collection request that supports the EZ

 Guarantee Program was submitted to OMB for emergency approval and is

 also being submitted to OMB for the 3-year approval. FSA is requesting

 comments from interested individuals and organizations on the

 information collection activities related to the EZ Guarantee

 application process as described in this rule. FSA is currently

 modifying the loan application process in order to provide loans to

 eligible borrowers through the EZ Guarantee process.

     After OMB approval of the information collection request, FSA will

 merge this new information collection request with FSA's approved

 information collection of the OMB control number 0560-0155.

     Title: EZ Guarantee Program.

     OMB Control Number: 0560--New.

     Type of Request: New Collection.

     Abstract: This information collection is required to support the

 regulation in 7 CFR part 762, ``Guaranteed Farm



 [[Page 72690]]



 Loans,'' which establishes the requirements for most of FSA's

 guaranteed loan programs and the changes in the rule that add the EZ

 Guarantee application process, as well as the application for lenders

 to receive MLP Status. The information collection established in this

 rule is necessary for FSA to evaluate the applicant's request and

 determine if eligibility, loan repayment, and security requirements can

 be met. The application includes information from the borrower and the

 lender; in general, the lender submits the application to FSA

 electronically. In addition, the information collection from lenders

 seeking MLP Status is necessary to ensure they meet the necessary

 regulatory standards to make and service agricultural loans.

     The formulas used to calculate the total burden hours is estimated

 average time per response hours times total annual burden hours.

     The estimated Public Burden for the EZ Guarantee and MLP Status

 are:

     Estimate of Burden: Public reporting for this collection of

 information is estimated to average 0.46899 hours. The travel time,

 which is included in the total annual burden, is estimated to be 1 hour

 per respondent.

     Type of Respondents: Individuals or households, businesses or other

 for profit, and farms.

     Estimated Number of Respondents: 6,280.

     Estimated Average Number of Responses per Respondent: 1.3.

     Estimated Total Annual Number of Responses: 8,160.

     Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 3,827 hours.

     We are requesting comments on all aspects of this information

 collection and to help us:

     1. Evaluate whether the collection of information is necessary for

 the proper performance of the FSA functions, including whether the

 information will have practical utility;

     2. Evaluate the accuracy of FSA's estimate of burden including the

 validity of the methodology and assumptions used;

     3. Enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to

 be collected; and

     4. Minimize the burden of the collection of information on those

 who are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated,

 electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or

 other forms of information technology.

     All comments received in response to this document, including names

 and addresses when provided, will be a matter of public record.

 Comments will be summarized and included in the submission for OMB

 approval.



 E-Government Act Compliance



     FSA is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to promote

 the use of the Internet and other information technologies to provide

 increased opportunities for citizen access to Government information

 and services and other purposes.



 Federal Assistance Programs



     The title and number of the Federal assistance programs, as found

 in the Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance, to which this interim

 rule would apply are:

     10.406 Farm Operating Loans;

     10.407 Farm Ownership Loans.



 List of Subjects



 7 CFR Part 761



     Accounting, Loan programs-agriculture, Rural areas.



 7 CFR Part 762



     Agriculture, Banks, Banking, Credit, Loan Programs--agriculture.



     For the reasons discussed above, FSA amends 7 CFR parts 761 and 762

 as follows:



 PART 761--FARM LOAN PROGRAM; GENERAL PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION



 0

 1. The authority citation for part 761 continues to read as follows:



     Authority:  5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.



 Subpart A--General Provisions



 0

 2. Amend Sec.  761.2 as follows:

 0

 a. In paragraph (a), add the abbreviation for ``MLP'' in alphabetical

 order; and

 0

 b. In paragraph (b), add the definition of ``EZ Guarantee'' in

 alphabetical order.

     The addition and revision read as follows:





 Sec.  761.2  Abbreviations and definitions.



 * * * * *

     (a) * * *

 * * * * *

     MLP Micro Lender Program.

 * * * * *

     (b) * * *

 * * * * *

     EZ Guarantee means a type of OL or FO of $100,000 or less made

 using a simplified loan application. As part of the simplified

 application process, EZ Guarantees are processed using a streamlined

 underwriting method to determine financial feasibility.

 * * * * *





 Sec.  761.7  [Amended]



 0

 3. Amend Sec.  761.7(e)(2) by removing the words ``independent

 appraisal'' in both places and add the words ``independent appraisal

 review'' in their place.



 PART 762--GUARANTEED FARM LOANS



 0

 4. The authority citation for part 762 continues to read as follows:



     Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.





 0

 5. Amend Sec.  762.101(c) as follows:

 0

 a. In paragraph (c)(2), remove the punctuation and word ``, or'' and

 add a semicolon in their place;

 0

 b. In paragraph (c)(3), remove the period and add the punctuation and

 word ``; or'' in its place; and

 0

 c. Add paragraph (c)(4).

     The addition reads as follows:





 Sec.  762.101  Introduction.



 * * * * *

     (c) * * *

     (4) Micro Lender under Sec.  762.107.

 * * * * *





 Sec.  762.105  [Amended]



 0

 6. In Sec.  762.105(d)(2) remove ``CLP or PLP'' and add ``CLP, PLP, or

 MLP'' in its place.



 0

 7. Add Sec.  762.107 to read as follows:





 Sec.  762.107  Micro Lender Program.



     (a) General. The lenders must submit the following items:

     (1) To request MLP Status, a lender must submit an application form

 to any local FSA office.

     (2) The lender must provide any additional information requested by

 the Agency to process an MLP request, if the lender continues with the

 approval process.

     (3) MLP lender authorities are limited to originating and servicing

 EZ Guarantee loans.

     (b) MLP criteria. An MLP lender must satisfy the following

 requirements to obtain MLP Status:

     (1) Have experience in making and servicing business loans.

     (2) Have the staff and resources to properly and efficiently

 discharge its loan making and loan servicing responsibilities that may

 include use of Agency approved agents.

     (3) Be subject to oversight as established and announced by the

 Agency on the FSA Web site (www.fsa.usda.gov).

     (4) Have a loss rate not in excess of the maximum MLP loss rate

 established and announced by the Agency on the FSA Web site

 (www.fsa.usda.gov).

     (5) Have made the minimum number of loans as established and

 announced



 [[Page 72691]]



 by the Agency on the FSA Web site (www.fsa.usda.gov).

     (6) Not be debarred or suspended from participation in Government

 contracts or programs or be delinquent on a Government debt. This

 includes the lender's officers and agents.

     (c) Renewal of MLP Status. MLP Status will expire within a period

 not to exceed 5 years from the date the lender's agreement is executed,

 unless a new lender's agreement is executed.

     (1) Renewal of MLP Status is not automatic. A lender must submit a

 new application for renewal.

     (2) MLP Status will be renewed if the applicable eligibility

 criteria under this section are met, and no cause exists for denying

 renewal under paragraph (d)(1) of this section.

     (d) Revocation of MLP Status. The Agency may revoke the lender's

 MLP Status at any time during the 5 year term for cause as specified in

 paragraph (d)(1) of this section.

     (1) Any of the following instances constitutes cause for revoking

 or not renewing MLP Status:

     (i) Violation of the terms of the lender's agreement;

     (ii) Failure to maintain MLP eligibility criteria;

     (iii) Knowingly submitting false or misleading information to the

 Agency;

     (iv) Deficiencies that indicate an inability to process or service

 Agency guaranteed farm loan programs loans in accordance with this

 subpart;

     (v) Failure to correct cited deficiencies in loan documents upon

 notification by the Agency;

     (vi) Failure to submit status reports in a timely manner; or

     (vii) Failure to comply with the reimbursement requirements of

 Sec.  762.144(c)(7) and (c)(8).

     (2) A lender that has lost MLP Status may reapply for MLP Status

 once the problem that caused the MLP Status to be revoked has been

 resolved.



 0

 8. Amend Sec.  762.110 as follows:

 0

 a. Redesignate paragraphs (a) through (h) as paragraphs (c) through

 (j);

 0

 b. Add new paragraphs (a) and (b);

 0

 c. Revise newly redesignated paragraphs (c), (d) introductory text, and

 (f);

 0

 d. In newly redesignated paragraph (e) introductory text, remove the

 references ``(a)'' and (b)'' and add the references ``(c)'' and (d)''

 in their place;

 0

 e. Remove newly redesignated paragraphs (e)(3) and (4);

 0

 f. Further redesignate newly redesignated paragraph (e)(5) as paragraph

 (e)(3).

 0

 g. In newly redesignated paragraph (g)(1), remove the last sentence;

 and

 0

 h. In newly redesignated paragraph (g)(4), remove ``CLP and PLP'' and

 add the word ``All'' in their place.

     The additions and revisions read follows:





 Sec.  762.110  Loan application.



     (a) General. This paragraph (a) specifies the general requirements

 for guaranteed loan applications:

     (1) Lenders must perform at least the same level of evaluation and

 documentation for a guaranteed loan that the lender typically performs

 for non-guaranteed loans of a similar type and amount.

     (2) The application thresholds in this section apply to any single

 loan, or package of loans submitted for consideration at any one time.

 A lender must not split a loan into two or more parts in order to fall

 below the threshold in order to avoid additional documentation.

     (3) The Agency may require lenders with a lender loss rate in

 excess of the rate for CLP lenders to assemble additional documentation

 specified in paragraph (d) of this section.

     (b) EZ Guarantee loans. MLP lenders may submit an EZ Guarantee

 application for loans up to $50,000. All other lenders may submit EZ

 Guarantee applications for loans up to $100,000. Lenders must submit:

     (1) An EZ Guarantee application form.

     (2) If the loan fails to pass the underwriting criteria for EZ

 Guarantee approval in Sec.  762.125(d), or the responses in the

 application are insufficient for the Agency to make a loan decision,

 the lender must provide additional information as requested by the

 Agency.

     (c) Loans up to $125,000. Lenders must submit the following items

 for loans up to $125,000 (other than EZ Guarantees):

     (1) The application form;

     (2) Loan narrative, including a plan for servicing the loan;

     (3) Balance sheet;

     (4) Cash flow budget; and

     (5) Credit report.

     (d) Loans over $125,000. A complete application for loans over

 $125,000 will require items specified in paragraph (c) of this section,

 plus the following items:

 * * * * *

     (f) CL Guarantees. In addition to the other requirements in this

 section, the following items apply when a lender is requesting a CL

 guarantee:

     (1) Lenders must submit a copy of the conservation plan or Forest

 Stewardship Management Plan;

     (2) Lenders must submit plans to transition to organic or

 sustainable agriculture when the funds requested will be used to

 facilitate the transition and the lender is requesting consideration

 for priority funding;

     (3) When CL guarantee applicants meet all the following criteria,

 the cash flow budget requirement in this section will be waived:

     (i) Be current on all payments to all creditors including the

 Agency (if currently an Agency borrower);

     (ii) Debt to asset ratio is 40 percent or less;

     (iii) Balance sheet indicates a net worth of 3 times the requested

 loan amount or greater; and

     (iv) FICO credit score is at least 700; for entity applicants, the

 FICO credit score of the majority of the individual members of the

 entity must be at least 700.

 * * * * *



 0

 9. Amend Sec.  762.125 as follows:

 0

 a. Revise paragraphs (a) introductory text and (b) introductory text;

 and

 0

 b. Add paragraph (d).

     The revisions and addition read as follows:





 Sec.  762.125  Financial feasibility.



     (a) General. Except for streamlined CL guarantees (see Sec.

 762.110(f)), the following requirements must be met:

 * * * * *

     (b) Estimating production. Except for streamlined CL guarantees

 (see Sec.  762.110(f)), the following requirements must be met:

 * * * * *

     (d) EZ Guarantee feasibility. Notwithstanding any other provision

 of this section:

     (1) The Agency will evaluate EZ Guarantee application financial

 feasibility using criteria determined and announced by the Agency on

 the FSA Web site (www.fsa.usda.gov).

     (2) EZ Guarantee applications that satisfy the criteria will be

 determined to meet the financial feasibility standards in this section.

     (3) EZ Guarantee applications that do not satisfy the criteria will

 require further documentation as determined by the Agency and announced

 on the FSA Web site (www.fsa.usda.gov).





 Sec.  762.128  [Amended]



 0

 10. Amend Sec.  762.128(a) by removing ``CLP and PLP'' and adding

 ``CLP, PLP, and MLP'' in its place.



 0

 11. Amend Sec.  762.140 by revising the introductory text of paragraph

 (b)(5) and adding paragraph (b)(5)(v) to read as follows:





 Sec.  762.140  General servicing responsibilities.



 * * * * *



 [[Page 72692]]



     (b) * * *

     (5) Performing an annual analysis of the borrower's financial

 condition to determine the borrower's progress for all term loans with

 aggregate balances greater than $100,000 and all line of credit loans.

 The annual analysis will include:

 * * * * *

     (v) For borrowers with an outstanding loan balance for existing

 term loans of $100,000 or less, the need for an annual analysis will be

 determined by the Agency for SEL, CLP, and MLP lenders. The annual

 analysis for PLP lenders will be in accordance with requirements in

 lender's credit management system (CMS).

 * * * * *



 Val Dolcini,

 Administrator, Farm Service Agency.

 [FR Doc. 2016-25492 Filed 10-20-16; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE 3410-05-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             116 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 21, 2016 Friday

FEDERAL REGISTER: EZ Guarantee Program and Micro Lender Program (MLP) Status
Pages 72686 - 72692 [FR DOC # 2016-25492]

LENGTH: 6725  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Farm Service Agency 7 CFR Parts 761 and 762 RIN
0560-AI34 EZ Guarantee Program and Micro Lender Program (MLP) Status AGENCY:
Farm Service Agency, USDA. ACTION: Final rule.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Farm Service Agency (FSA) is amending the guaranteed Farm Loan Programs
(FLP) regulations to implement an EZ Guarantee Program and establish an
additional lender status.

The EZ Guarantee Program will help lenders reduce costs of underwriting and
servicing loans to help meet the unique financing needs of small farm
operations. The intended effects of the rule are to make guaranteed loan
programs more widely available and attractive to small farm operations and the
lenders who work with those farm operations through a more flexible underwriting
analysis process, reduced application requirements, and faster FSA approval. In
addition, FSA is amending the regulations to make a technical correction related
to chattel appraisal appeals related to both guaranteed and direct loans. DATES:
Effective Date: October 21, 2016. Comment Dates: We will consider comments on
the Paperwork Reduction Act that we receive by: December 20, 2016. We will
consider comments on the regulatory changes that we receive by: January 19,
2017. ADDRESSES: We invite you to submit comments on this rule. In your comment,
specify RIN 0560-AI34, and include the volume, date, and page number of this
issue of the Federal Register. You may submit comments by either of the
following methods:  Federal Rulemaking Portal: Go to http://www.regulations.gov.
Follow the instructions for submitting comments.

      Mail: Director, Loan Making Division, FLP, FSA, US

 Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop 0522,

 Washington, DC 20250-0522.

     Comments will be available for viewing online at
http://www.regulations.gov. In addition, comments will be available for public

 inspection at the above address during business hours from 8 a.m. to 5

 p.m., Monday through Friday, except holidays.



 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Randi Sheffer; telephone: (202) 205-

 0682. Persons with disabilities or who require alternative means for

 communications should contact the USDA Target Center at (202) 720-2600

 (voice).



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:



 Background



     FSA makes and services a variety of direct and guaranteed loans to

 the nation's farmers and ranchers who are unable to obtain private

 commercial credit at reasonable rates and terms. FSA also provides

 direct loan customers with credit counseling and supervision to enhance

 their opportunity for success. FSA direct and guaranteed loan

 applicants are often beginning farmers and socially disadvantaged

 farmers who do not qualify for conventional loans because of

 insufficient net worth or established farmers who have suffered

 financial setbacks due to natural disasters or economic downturns. FSA

 tailors direct and guaranteed loans to a customer's needs and may be

 used to buy farmland and to finance agricultural production.

     The Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act of 1972 (CONACT,

 Pub. L. 92-419), as amended, authorizes FSA's Guaranteed Farm Loan

 Programs.



 EZ Guarantee Program



     FSA is amending its FLP regulations to add an EZ Guarantee Program

 to further assist the financing needs of small farm operations. Section

 333A(g)(1)(A) of the CONACT states that FSA will provide lenders with a

 short, simplified application for loans which are $125,000 or less (see

 7 U.S.C. 1983a(g)(1)(A)). The EZ Guarantee Program process will be the

 same as the Guaranteed Loan Program, except there is a new, self-

 contained application specifically formatted for EZ Guarantee loans.

 FSA may request additional information for the application when

 necessary to clarify a response on the application before making an

 approval decision.

     FSA is adding a definition of an EZ Guarantee loan in 7 CFR 761.2.

 The EZ Guarantee Program will provide alternatives for application and

 financial underwriting process for Operating Loan (OL) and Farm

 Ownership loan (FO) purposes. All other FLP rules will remain unchanged

 and the funding sources for these EZ Guarantee loans will continue to

 be through FSA's guaranteed OL and FO annual appropriations.

     All lenders who meet FSA eligibility criteria (see 7 CFR 762.105,

 762.106, and 762.107) will be eligible to originate EZ Guarantee loans.

 As discussed below, the rule adds MLP Status in addition to Standard

 Eligible Lender (SEL), Certified Lender Program (CLP), and Preferred

 Lender Program (PLP) status. SELs, CLPs, and PLPs may originate EZ

 Guarantee loans up to $100,000. Because of their limited experience in

 making agricultural loans, MLPs will be limited to loans up to $50,000.

 The streamlined application and new underwriting process will reduce

 the burden for all of the FSA lender types. Beyond that, we expect that

 this new EZ Guarantee Program may be of particular interest to and used

 primarily by small commercial lenders



 [[Page 72687]]



 desiring to build their agriculture portfolio and by nontraditional

 lenders who typically work with small farm operations.

     EZ Guarantee loans will be subject to the same eligibility,

 security, and environmental requirements, as any other guaranteed OL or

 FO. Loan purposes, interest rate requirements, loan terms, appraisal

 requirements, and percent guarantee, and guarantee fees will also

 remain the same. Therefore, Sec. Sec.  762.120 through 762.124 and

 762.126 through 762.127 are not being revised.

     Because small loans present less credit risk, and lenders are less

 inclined to finance small loans, FSA is revising Sec.  762.110 to

 reflect a new, all-inclusive application form to be used only for EZ

 Guarantee loans. Unlike other guaranteed applications, lenders will not

 need to submit supporting information to FSA; therefore, the approval

 process will require significantly less time. In addition, the

 application format is different from the application forms now being

 used by FSA guaranteed lenders. The EZ Guarantee application will

 include a series of questions that pertain to eligibility, loan

 repayment prospects, collateral, and environmental review, which if

 appropriate, will allow for an accelerated FSA approval. An application

 not qualifying for the accelerated FSA approval will not necessarily be

 rejected, but instead will require additional information. This rule

 also makes additional changes to Sec.  762.110 for clarity, but the

 rules for regular guaranteed applications remain the same.

     As part of streamlining the application process, FSA is revising

 Sec.  762.125 to use a more streamlined underwriting process for EZ

 Guarantee loans. Because of the limited income derived from a small

 loan, commercial lenders typically perform very limited financial

 analysis at loan origination. With the EZ Guarantee Program, the lender

 may analyze the loan in the same manner they would analyze a

 nonguaranteed loan of the same size and type, saving them time and

 money. Many lenders are now using historical averages, industry

 standards, or scorecard lending rather than projecting cash flow

 budgets to determine feasibility. Scorecard lending is an underwriting

 method where lenders use a variety of financial ratios and other

 information to predict the level of credit risk a particular applicant

 presents. Lenders will be required to analyze an EZ Guarantee

 application and determine that the applicant demonstrated reasonable

 prospects for repayment using normal, industry accepted methods and

 criteria. As part of the lender's information added to the application,

 the lender will describe the method and standards used on the EZ

 Guarantee application.

     The lender's standards need to meet the following requirements:

     1. The lender must perform the same financial analysis and apply

 the same underwriting standards for an EZ Guarantee loan as they would

 for a nonguaranteed loan of the same size and type.

     2. The lender must determine that the EZ Guarantee applicant

 demonstrates reasonable prospects to repay the requested loan. This

 determination must be arrived at using the lender's typical

 underwriting criteria and methods, such as a cash flow projection, a

 scorecard underwriting model, historical income and expenses, or other

 repayment capacity indicator.

     3. The lender will describe the methods and criteria used to

 determine the applicant's prospects for repayment on the EZ Guarantee

 application form.

     FSA anticipates changes in accepted lending practices, portfolio

 performance, and economic conditions will create a need to update the

 EZ Guarantee underwriting criteria; therefore, Sec.  762.125(d)

 specifies that the standards will be updated for future changes through

 an FSA announcement posted on the FSA Web site (www.fsa.usda.gov). That

 will allow for timely updating of the standards as needs change.

     Since lenders will continue to analyze and document EZ Guarantee

 loans using the same methods and standards they use for nonguaranteed

 loans, FSA anticipates little to no change in default rates resulting

 from the limited underwriting analysis.

     FSA will service EZ Guarantee loans as it currently services

 guaranteed OLs and FOs with exceptions for term loans performing

 according to the promissory notes and loan agreements. The lender will

 be responsible for servicing the entire loan in a reasonable and

 prudent manner, protecting and accounting for collateral; and the

 lender will also remain as the mortgagee or secured party of record.

 The lender will be responsible for servicing its guaranteed loans as it

 services any other loan in its portfolio and complying with all FLP

 requirements in 7 CFR 762.140 through 762.149. The reporting

 requirements will be the current reporting requirements in 7 CFR

 761.141 including semi-annual status and default status reporting.

     FSA is revising 7 CFR 762.140 for more limited analysis of

 borrowers with EZ Guarantee loans. If the loan is performing as

 intended, an annual analysis may not be required. All delinquent

 servicing lender responsibilities in 7 CFR 762.143 will remain the

 same.



 Guaranteed MLP



     FSA will administer MLP to increase collaboration with

 nontraditional lenders and assist small farm operations typically in

 underserved areas. The additional MLP Status will also enable

 nontraditional lenders to participate in the EZ Guarantee Program.

 Also, establishing a stronger working relationship with nontraditional

 lenders will be beneficial because they share a common goal with FSA to

 assist producers in underserved areas, including credit deserts such as

 Indian Country.

     Minor reference changes in the rules are being made in Sec. Sec.

 761.2, 762.101, and 762.128. In Sec.  761.2, an abbreviation of ``Micro

 Lender Program'' is being added. In Sec.  762.101, ``Micro Lender'' is

 being added to the lender classification. In Sec.  762.128, ``MLP'' is

 being added to the list of lenders who must comply with the

 environmental requirements.

     Also, this rule adds Sec.  762.107 to implement MLP including the

 creation of an additional MLP Status for nontraditional lenders and

 commercial lenders who are not eligible for or do not want Standard

 Eligible Lender (SEL), Certified Lender Program (CLP), or Preferred

 Lender Program (PLP) status. To request MLP Status, a lender will

 submit an application form to any FSA office. The application form will

 collect information from the lender, such as loan portfolio

 characteristics (delinquency and default rates), source(s) of loan

 funding, and certifications by the lender.

     FSA will evaluate the MLP Status application using the criteria in

 7 CFR 762.107(b).

     FSA regulations require guaranteed lenders to be subject to credit

 examination and supervision by an acceptable State or Federal

 regulatory agency (see 7 CFR 762.105(b)). This requirement has

 prevented many nontraditional lenders from qualifying to receive FSA

 Guarantees on loans made to their customers. MLP Status will allow

 nontraditional lenders to participate in FSA's EZ Guarantee Program by

 permitting this examination and supervision to be performed by other

 types of regulatory agencies. In the new Sec.  762.107(b)(3), FSA

 requires lenders to be subject to appropriate oversight to participate

 in the FSA Guaranteed Program as micro lenders. Nontraditional lenders

 such as Community Development Financial



 [[Page 72688]]



 Institutions (CDFIs) are supervised and regulated, but not to the same

 degree that agencies like the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency

 or other banking authorities regulate commercial banks. The following

 types of organizations have currently been determined to meet these

 standards:

     1. A lender meeting the examination and supervision requirement in

 Sec.  762.105(b).

     2. CDFI. CDFIs that have been awarded funds and are under the

 supervision of the CDFIs Program described in 12 CFR part 1805.

     3. Rural Rehabilitation Corporation (RRC). RRCs that have entered

 into an agreement establishing an ongoing reporting and credit

 supervision relationship with FSA.

     Traditional lenders, such as banks or credit unions, that are

 currently not eligible to obtain SEL, CLP or PLP status, would be

 eligible to apply for MLP status. Additionally nontraditional lenders

 that are certified by the U.S. Department of the Treasury--such as

 CDFIs--or that are subject to credit examination and supervision by

 FSA's Deputy Administrator for FLP (DAFLP)--such as RRCs--would be

 eligible to apply for MLP Status because:

     1. FSA has experience in working with CDFIs and RRCs. In addition,

 CDFIs and RRCs typically make loans to small farms and underserved

 farmers, and are expected to be one of the primary users of the new EZ

 Guarantee Program; and

     2. At this time, FSA does not have sufficient knowledge or

 expertise regarding other types of nontraditional lenders. Further

 research, including the potential need for guarantees by other types of

 nontraditional lenders is required before allowing these lenders to

 participate in the EZ Guarantee Program.

     FSA expects to allow future expansion of the MLP Status to include

 other types of nontraditional lenders once further research is

 conducted; therefore, Sec.  762.107(b)(3) specifies that FSA will

 announce future modifications to acceptable oversight on the FSA Web

 site. This will allow FSA to include other lenders as our experience

 with MLP Status grows.

     In addition to the oversight and portfolio performance criteria,

 FSA also will require the lender to demonstrate experience in making

 the types of loans they will be requesting FSA to guarantee and the

 resources to properly make and service these loans, which is very

 similar to what FSA requires of its other lenders. MLPs lending

 capabilities may be demonstrated by their experience making and

 servicing other loans rather than just agricultural loans, as with

 other FSA guaranteed lenders.

     As an objective measure of the capability to make and service

 loans, FSA is establishing minimum volume and maximum loss rates. These

 rates will be based on the lender's entire portfolio. In 7 CFR

 762.107(b)(3), FSA requires lenders to demonstrate significant positive

 experience in making and servicing loans. The experience must be that:

     1. The lender has originated 20 or more business loans of $50,000

 or less; and

     2. The lender's losses on all business loans of $50,000 or less

 made over the past 7 years do not exceed 3 percent.

     Again, to allow for timely modification of these rates as

 circumstances change, FSA may modify these rates by posting rates on

 the FSA Web site.

     Once approved, MLP Status will be valid for 5 years unless revoked

 by FSA. This is consistent with the timeframe of FSA's CLP and PLP

 lender status. FSA will also reconsider MLP Status in the event a

 lender's ownership changes, as is currently done with CLP and PLP

 lenders.

     An MLP Status lender will be bound by all existing terms specified

 in FSA's Lender's Agreement. It will have the same reporting

 requirements and be subject to periodic lender review. Unlike FSA's

 other guaranteed lenders, however, MLP lenders typically have limited

 experience with agricultural loans and therefore will only be able to

 underwrite loans up to $50,000 under the EZ Guarantee Program.



 Technical Correction for Chattel Appraisal Appeals



     FSA is amending the regulations in 7 CFR 761.7(e)(2) to make a

 technical correction related to chattel appraisal appeals in connection

 with both guaranteed and direct loans. In the FSA final rule published

 on November 28, 2013, (78 FR 65523-65541), changes made relative to

 chattel appraisal appeals specified that the borrower needs to provide

 an independent appraisal. However, it was the intent of FSA that the

 borrower provide an independent appraisal review by a person that

 possesses sufficient experience or training to establish market value

 of chattel property based on public sales of the same or similar

 property in the market area, rather than an entirely new appraisal.

 Therefore, this rule is correcting that error in 7 CFR 761.7(e)(2).



 Notice and Comment



     In general, the Administrative Procedure Act (5 U.S.C. 553)

 requires that a notice of proposed rulemaking be published in the

 Federal Register and interested persons be given an opportunity to

 participate in the rulemaking through submission of written data,

 views, or arguments with or without opportunity for oral presentation,

 except that when the rule involves a matter relating to public

 property, loans, grants, benefits, or contracts section 553 does not

 apply. This rule involved matters relating to loans and is therefore

 being published as a final rule without the prior opportunity for

 comments. Although FSA is not required to provide the opportunity for

 comments on this rule, we are requesting public comments for 90 days to

 request public input on the changes.



 Effective Date



     The Administrative Procedure Act (APA, 5 U.S.C. 553) provides

 generally that before rules are issued by Government agencies, the rule

 is required to be published in the Federal Register, and the required

 publication of a substantive rule is to be not less than 30 days before

 its effective date. However, as noted above, one of the exceptions is

 that section 553 does not apply to rulemaking that involves a matter

 relating to loans. Therefore, because this rule relates to loans, the

 30-day effective period requirement in section 553 does not apply. This

 final rule is effective when published in the Federal Register. Most

 FLP guaranteed loans are established at the beginning of the calendar

 year; therefore, implementing this rule quickly will benefit beginning

 and small farms starting in 2016, instead of having to wait for 2017.



 Executive Order 12866 and 13563



     Executive Order 12866, ``Regulatory Planning and Review,'' and

 Executive Order 13563, ``Improving Regulation and Regulatory Review,''

 direct agencies to assess all costs and benefits of available

 regulatory alternatives and, if regulation is necessary, to select

 regulatory approaches that maximize net benefits (including potential

 economic, environmental, public health and safety effects, distributive

 impacts, and equity). Executive Order 13563 emphasizes the importance

 of quantifying both costs and benefits, of reducing costs, of

 harmonizing rules, and of promoting flexibility.

     The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) designated this rule as

 not



 [[Page 72689]]



 significant under Executive Order 12866 and, therefore, OMB was not

 required to review this final rule.



 Regulatory Flexibility Act



     The Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601-612), as amended by

 the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act of 1996

 (SBREFA), generally requires an agency to prepare a regulatory

 flexibility analysis of any rule whenever an agency is required by APA

 or any other law to publish a proposed rule, unless the agency

 certifies that the rule will not have a significant economic impact on

 a substantial number of small entities. This rule is not subject to the

 Regulatory Flexibility Act because it is exempt from notice and comment

 rulemaking requirements of the APA and no other law requires that a

 proposed rule be published for this rulemaking initiative.



 Environmental Review



     The environmental impacts of this rule have been considered in a

 manner consistent with the provisions of the National Environmental

 Policy Act (NEPA, 42 U.S.C. 4321-4347), the regulations of the Council

 on Environmental Quality (40 CFR parts 1500-1508), and the FSA

 regulations for compliance with NEPA (7 CFR part 799). Through this

 rule, FSA is establishing the EZ Guarantee Program to provide a

 guarantee for OLs and FOs up to $100,000, which are expected to be most

 used by beginning farmers and farmers with small farms (farms with

 annual gross agricultural products sales from $1,000 to $99,999) with

 less traditional farm operations who are not typically FSA Guaranteed

 loan customers. FSA is implementing the MLP Status to allow

 nontraditional lenders to participate in the EZ Guarantee Program,

 which is an administrative change. FSA is revising the existing FLP

 regulations to make those changes, but it is not changing the

 environmental review requirements that apply. The environmental

 responsibilities for each prospective applicant will not change from

 the current process followed for all FLP actions (7 CFR 799). Each EZ

 Guarantee Program action will be reviewed under the existing process to

 ensure it will not have a significant impact on the quality of the

 human environment either individually or cumulatively. Therefore, FSA

 will not prepare a programmatic environmental assessment or

 environmental impact statement on this rule.



 Executive Order 12372



     Executive Order 12372, ``Intergovernmental Review of Federal

 Programs,'' requires consultation with State and local officials that

 would be directly affected by proposed Federal financial assistance.

 The objectives of the Executive Order are to foster an

 intergovernmental partnership and a strengthened Federalism, by relying

 on State and local processes for State and local government

 coordination and review of proposed Federal Financial assistance and

 direct Federal development. For reasons specified in the final rule

 related notice regarding 7 CFR part 3015, subpart V (48 FR 29115, June

 24, 1983), the programs and activities within this rule are excluded

 from the scope of Executive Order 12372.



 Executive Order 12988



     This rule has been reviewed in accordance with Executive Order

 12988, ``Civil Justice Reform.'' This rule will not preempt State or

 local laws, regulations, or policies unless they represent an

 irreconcilable conflict with this rule. The rule does not have

 retroactive effect. Before any judicial action may be brought regarding

 the provisions of this rule, the administrative appeal provisions of 7

 CFR parts 11 and 780 are to be exhausted.



 Executive Order 13132



     This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 13132,

 ``Federalism.'' The policies contained in this rule do not have any

 substantial direct effect on States, on the relationship between the

 Federal government and the States, or the distribution of power and

 responsibilities among the various levels of government, except as

 required by law. Nor will this rule impose substantial direct

 compliance costs on State and local governments. Therefore,

 consultation with the States is not required.



 Executive Order 13175



     This rule has been reviewed in accordance with the requirements of

 Executive Order 13175, ``Consultation and Coordination with Indian

 Tribal Governments.'' Executive Order 13175 requires Federal agencies

 to consult and coordinate with tribes on a government-to-government

 basis on policies that have tribal implications, including regulations,

 legislative comments or proposed legislation, and other policy

 statements or actions that have substantial direct effects on one or

 more Indian tribes, on the relationship between the Federal government

 and Indian tribes or on the distribution of power and responsibilities

 between the Federal government and Indian tribes.

     FSA has assessed the impact of this rule on Indian tribes and

 determined that this rule does not, to our knowledge, have tribal

 implications that require tribal consultation under Executive Order

 13175. If a Tribe requests consultation, FSA will work with the USDA

 Office of Tribal Relations to ensure meaningful consultation is

 provided.



 Unfunded Mandates



     Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (UMRA, Pub. L.

 104-4) requires Federal agencies to assess the effects of their

 regulatory actions on State, local, or Tribal governments or the

 private sector. Agencies generally must prepare a written statement,

 including a cost benefit analysis, for proposed and final rules with

 Federal mandates that may result in expenditures of $100 million or

 more in any 1 year for State, local, or Tribal governments, in the

 aggregate, or to the private sector. UMRA generally requires agencies

 to consider alternatives and adopt the more cost effective or least

 burdensome alternative that achieves the objectives of the rule. This

 rule contains no Federal mandates, as defined in Title II of UMRA, for

 State, local, or Tribal governments, or private sector. Therefore, this

 rule is not subject to the requirements of sections 202 and 205 of

 UMRA.



 Paperwork Reduction Act



     In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the

 following new information collection request that supports the EZ

 Guarantee Program was submitted to OMB for emergency approval and is

 also being submitted to OMB for the 3-year approval. FSA is requesting

 comments from interested individuals and organizations on the

 information collection activities related to the EZ Guarantee

 application process as described in this rule. FSA is currently

 modifying the loan application process in order to provide loans to

 eligible borrowers through the EZ Guarantee process.

     After OMB approval of the information collection request, FSA will

 merge this new information collection request with FSA's approved

 information collection of the OMB control number 0560-0155.

     Title: EZ Guarantee Program.

     OMB Control Number: 0560--New.

     Type of Request: New Collection.

     Abstract: This information collection is required to support the

 regulation in 7 CFR part 762, ``Guaranteed Farm



 [[Page 72690]]



 Loans,'' which establishes the requirements for most of FSA's

 guaranteed loan programs and the changes in the rule that add the EZ

 Guarantee application process, as well as the application for lenders

 to receive MLP Status. The information collection established in this

 rule is necessary for FSA to evaluate the applicant's request and

 determine if eligibility, loan repayment, and security requirements can

 be met. The application includes information from the borrower and the

 lender; in general, the lender submits the application to FSA

 electronically. In addition, the information collection from lenders

 seeking MLP Status is necessary to ensure they meet the necessary

 regulatory standards to make and service agricultural loans.

     The formulas used to calculate the total burden hours is estimated

 average time per response hours times total annual burden hours.

     The estimated Public Burden for the EZ Guarantee and MLP Status

 are:

     Estimate of Burden: Public reporting for this collection of

 information is estimated to average 0.46899 hours. The travel time,

 which is included in the total annual burden, is estimated to be 1 hour

 per respondent.

     Type of Respondents: Individuals or households, businesses or other

 for profit, and farms.

     Estimated Number of Respondents: 6,280.

     Estimated Average Number of Responses per Respondent: 1.3.

     Estimated Total Annual Number of Responses: 8,160.

     Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 3,827 hours.

     We are requesting comments on all aspects of this information

 collection and to help us:

     1. Evaluate whether the collection of information is necessary for

 the proper performance of the FSA functions, including whether the

 information will have practical utility;

     2. Evaluate the accuracy of FSA's estimate of burden including the

 validity of the methodology and assumptions used;

     3. Enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to

 be collected; and

     4. Minimize the burden of the collection of information on those

 who are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated,

 electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or

 other forms of information technology.

     All comments received in response to this document, including names

 and addresses when provided, will be a matter of public record.

 Comments will be summarized and included in the submission for OMB

 approval.



 E-Government Act Compliance



     FSA is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to promote

 the use of the Internet and other information technologies to provide

 increased opportunities for citizen access to Government information

 and services and other purposes.



 Federal Assistance Programs



     The title and number of the Federal assistance programs, as found

 in the Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance, to which this interim

 rule would apply are:

     10.406 Farm Operating Loans;

     10.407 Farm Ownership Loans.



 List of Subjects



 7 CFR Part 761



     Accounting, Loan programs-agriculture, Rural areas.



 7 CFR Part 762



     Agriculture, Banks, Banking, Credit, Loan Programs--agriculture.



     For the reasons discussed above, FSA amends 7 CFR parts 761 and 762

 as follows:



 PART 761--FARM LOAN PROGRAM; GENERAL PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION



 0

 1. The authority citation for part 761 continues to read as follows:



     Authority:  5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.



 Subpart A--General Provisions



 0

 2. Amend Sec.  761.2 as follows:

 0

 a. In paragraph (a), add the abbreviation for ``MLP'' in alphabetical

 order; and

 0

 b. In paragraph (b), add the definition of ``EZ Guarantee'' in

 alphabetical order.

     The addition and revision read as follows:





 Sec.  761.2  Abbreviations and definitions.



 * * * * *

     (a) * * *

 * * * * *

     MLP Micro Lender Program.

 * * * * *

     (b) * * *

 * * * * *

     EZ Guarantee means a type of OL or FO of $100,000 or less made

 using a simplified loan application. As part of the simplified

 application process, EZ Guarantees are processed using a streamlined

 underwriting method to determine financial feasibility.

 * * * * *





 Sec.  761.7  [Amended]



 0

 3. Amend Sec.  761.7(e)(2) by removing the words ``independent

 appraisal'' in both places and add the words ``independent appraisal

 review'' in their place.



 PART 762--GUARANTEED FARM LOANS



 0

 4. The authority citation for part 762 continues to read as follows:



     Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.





 0

 5. Amend Sec.  762.101(c) as follows:

 0

 a. In paragraph (c)(2), remove the punctuation and word ``, or'' and

 add a semicolon in their place;

 0

 b. In paragraph (c)(3), remove the period and add the punctuation and

 word ``; or'' in its place; and

 0

 c. Add paragraph (c)(4).

     The addition reads as follows:





 Sec.  762.101  Introduction.



 * * * * *

     (c) * * *

     (4) Micro Lender under Sec.  762.107.

 * * * * *





 Sec.  762.105  [Amended]



 0

 6. In Sec.  762.105(d)(2) remove ``CLP or PLP'' and add ``CLP, PLP, or

 MLP'' in its place.



 0

 7. Add Sec.  762.107 to read as follows:





 Sec.  762.107  Micro Lender Program.



     (a) General. The lenders must submit the following items:

     (1) To request MLP Status, a lender must submit an application form

 to any local FSA office.

     (2) The lender must provide any additional information requested by

 the Agency to process an MLP request, if the lender continues with the

 approval process.

     (3) MLP lender authorities are limited to originating and servicing

 EZ Guarantee loans.

     (b) MLP criteria. An MLP lender must satisfy the following

 requirements to obtain MLP Status:

     (1) Have experience in making and servicing business loans.

     (2) Have the staff and resources to properly and efficiently

 discharge its loan making and loan servicing responsibilities that may

 include use of Agency approved agents.

     (3) Be subject to oversight as established and announced by the

 Agency on the FSA Web site (www.fsa.usda.gov).

     (4) Have a loss rate not in excess of the maximum MLP loss rate

 established and announced by the Agency on the FSA Web site

 (www.fsa.usda.gov).

     (5) Have made the minimum number of loans as established and

 announced



 [[Page 72691]]



 by the Agency on the FSA Web site (www.fsa.usda.gov).

     (6) Not be debarred or suspended from participation in Government

 contracts or programs or be delinquent on a Government debt. This

 includes the lender's officers and agents.

     (c) Renewal of MLP Status. MLP Status will expire within a period

 not to exceed 5 years from the date the lender's agreement is executed,

 unless a new lender's agreement is executed.

     (1) Renewal of MLP Status is not automatic. A lender must submit a

 new application for renewal.

     (2) MLP Status will be renewed if the applicable eligibility

 criteria under this section are met, and no cause exists for denying

 renewal under paragraph (d)(1) of this section.

     (d) Revocation of MLP Status. The Agency may revoke the lender's

 MLP Status at any time during the 5 year term for cause as specified in

 paragraph (d)(1) of this section.

     (1) Any of the following instances constitutes cause for revoking

 or not renewing MLP Status:

     (i) Violation of the terms of the lender's agreement;

     (ii) Failure to maintain MLP eligibility criteria;

     (iii) Knowingly submitting false or misleading information to the

 Agency;

     (iv) Deficiencies that indicate an inability to process or service

 Agency guaranteed farm loan programs loans in accordance with this

 subpart;

     (v) Failure to correct cited deficiencies in loan documents upon

 notification by the Agency;

     (vi) Failure to submit status reports in a timely manner; or

     (vii) Failure to comply with the reimbursement requirements of

 Sec.  762.144(c)(7) and (c)(8).

     (2) A lender that has lost MLP Status may reapply for MLP Status

 once the problem that caused the MLP Status to be revoked has been

 resolved.



 0

 8. Amend Sec.  762.110 as follows:

 0

 a. Redesignate paragraphs (a) through (h) as paragraphs (c) through

 (j);

 0

 b. Add new paragraphs (a) and (b);

 0

 c. Revise newly redesignated paragraphs (c), (d) introductory text, and

 (f);

 0

 d. In newly redesignated paragraph (e) introductory text, remove the

 references ``(a)'' and (b)'' and add the references ``(c)'' and (d)''

 in their place;

 0

 e. Remove newly redesignated paragraphs (e)(3) and (4);

 0

 f. Further redesignate newly redesignated paragraph (e)(5) as paragraph

 (e)(3).

 0

 g. In newly redesignated paragraph (g)(1), remove the last sentence;

 and

 0

 h. In newly redesignated paragraph (g)(4), remove ``CLP and PLP'' and

 add the word ``All'' in their place.

     The additions and revisions read follows:





 Sec.  762.110  Loan application.



     (a) General. This paragraph (a) specifies the general requirements

 for guaranteed loan applications:

     (1) Lenders must perform at least the same level of evaluation and

 documentation for a guaranteed loan that the lender typically performs

 for non-guaranteed loans of a similar type and amount.

     (2) The application thresholds in this section apply to any single

 loan, or package of loans submitted for consideration at any one time.

 A lender must not split a loan into two or more parts in order to fall

 below the threshold in order to avoid additional documentation.

     (3) The Agency may require lenders with a lender loss rate in

 excess of the rate for CLP lenders to assemble additional documentation

 specified in paragraph (d) of this section.

     (b) EZ Guarantee loans. MLP lenders may submit an EZ Guarantee

 application for loans up to $50,000. All other lenders may submit EZ

 Guarantee applications for loans up to $100,000. Lenders must submit:

     (1) An EZ Guarantee application form.

     (2) If the loan fails to pass the underwriting criteria for EZ

 Guarantee approval in Sec.  762.125(d), or the responses in the

 application are insufficient for the Agency to make a loan decision,

 the lender must provide additional information as requested by the

 Agency.

     (c) Loans up to $125,000. Lenders must submit the following items

 for loans up to $125,000 (other than EZ Guarantees):

     (1) The application form;

     (2) Loan narrative, including a plan for servicing the loan;

     (3) Balance sheet;

     (4) Cash flow budget; and

     (5) Credit report.

     (d) Loans over $125,000. A complete application for loans over

 $125,000 will require items specified in paragraph (c) of this section,

 plus the following items:

 * * * * *

     (f) CL Guarantees. In addition to the other requirements in this

 section, the following items apply when a lender is requesting a CL

 guarantee:

     (1) Lenders must submit a copy of the conservation plan or Forest

 Stewardship Management Plan;

     (2) Lenders must submit plans to transition to organic or

 sustainable agriculture when the funds requested will be used to

 facilitate the transition and the lender is requesting consideration

 for priority funding;

     (3) When CL guarantee applicants meet all the following criteria,

 the cash flow budget requirement in this section will be waived:

     (i) Be current on all payments to all creditors including the

 Agency (if currently an Agency borrower);

     (ii) Debt to asset ratio is 40 percent or less;

     (iii) Balance sheet indicates a net worth of 3 times the requested

 loan amount or greater; and

     (iv) FICO credit score is at least 700; for entity applicants, the

 FICO credit score of the majority of the individual members of the

 entity must be at least 700.

 * * * * *



 0

 9. Amend Sec.  762.125 as follows:

 0

 a. Revise paragraphs (a) introductory text and (b) introductory text;

 and

 0

 b. Add paragraph (d).

     The revisions and addition read as follows:





 Sec.  762.125  Financial feasibility.



     (a) General. Except for streamlined CL guarantees (see Sec.

 762.110(f)), the following requirements must be met:

 * * * * *

     (b) Estimating production. Except for streamlined CL guarantees

 (see Sec.  762.110(f)), the following requirements must be met:

 * * * * *

     (d) EZ Guarantee feasibility. Notwithstanding any other provision

 of this section:

     (1) The Agency will evaluate EZ Guarantee application financial

 feasibility using criteria determined and announced by the Agency on

 the FSA Web site (www.fsa.usda.gov).

     (2) EZ Guarantee applications that satisfy the criteria will be

 determined to meet the financial feasibility standards in this section.

     (3) EZ Guarantee applications that do not satisfy the criteria will

 require further documentation as determined by the Agency and announced

 on the FSA Web site (www.fsa.usda.gov).





 Sec.  762.128  [Amended]



 0

 10. Amend Sec.  762.128(a) by removing ``CLP and PLP'' and adding

 ``CLP, PLP, and MLP'' in its place.



 0

 11. Amend Sec.  762.140 by revising the introductory text of paragraph

 (b)(5) and adding paragraph (b)(5)(v) to read as follows:





 Sec.  762.140  General servicing responsibilities.



 * * * * *



 [[Page 72692]]



     (b) * * *

     (5) Performing an annual analysis of the borrower's financial

 condition to determine the borrower's progress for all term loans with

 aggregate balances greater than $100,000 and all line of credit loans.

 The annual analysis will include:

 * * * * *

     (v) For borrowers with an outstanding loan balance for existing

 term loans of $100,000 or less, the need for an annual analysis will be

 determined by the Agency for SEL, CLP, and MLP lenders. The annual

 analysis for PLP lenders will be in accordance with requirements in

 lender's credit management system (CMS).

 * * * * *



 Val Dolcini,

 Administrator, Farm Service Agency.

 [FR Doc. 2016-25492 Filed 10-20-16; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE 3410-05-P





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             117 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            November 17, 2008 Monday

New Issues Raised by Bid To Ease Farm Lender Fears

BYLINE: Robert Barba

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 7 Vol. 173 No. 222

LENGTH: 722  words


The government agency that guarantees loans to farmers is tightening the
guidelines on the interest rates that may be charged, because the current policy
is so vague that it has exposed lenders to lawsuits.

But while banking industry officials applaud the attempt, they say that what the
Farm Service Agency has proposed - tying the rates to national benchmarks - is
too rigid, especially for rural lenders.

"If you're a small rural bank, your cost of funds may have nothing to do with
what Wall Street says is prime," said John Blanchfield, senior vice president of
the American Bankers Association's Center for Agricultural and Rural Banking.
"There is a risk that small banks won't be able to price at that price."

As it stands, the only guideline lenders must follow when using the government
guarantee is that they may not charge more than they would their "average
agricultural loan customer" - in other words, a customer whose loan is not
guaranteed.

The problem, lenders say, is that the term "average agricultural loan customer"
is unclear and opens them up to accusations that they are overcharging.

The proposed rule, published in the Federal Register on Sept. 30, calls for
interest rates on short-term operating loans to be capped at 250 basis points
above the prime rate at the time the loan is written. Real estate loans would be
capped at 350 basis points above the 10-year Treasury note rate. Lenders with a
formal risk-based model for pricing could continue to use that system.

In the proposed rule, the Farm Service Agency, an arm of the Agriculture
Department, said it is seeking to "simplify compliance."

Bob Bonnet, the agency's chief of guaranteed lending, said the proposal lines up
with historical rates on guaranteed loans. The average rate on long-term loans
since 1999 was 291 basis points above the 10-year Treasury, while the short-term
average for the same period was 195 basis points above prime.

Mike Jorgensen, the president of the $40 million-asset Nebraska State Bank in
Oshkosh, said he sees the value in using the benchmarks as a base for pricing,
but has a problem with the caps. His concern "deals with fluctuation in yield
curves and the availability to book or sell loans into the secondary market,"
Mr. Jorgensen said in a comment letter to the agency last week.

The caps would leave "little or no margin" on selling short-term loans on the
secondary market, while long-term loans could potentially sell at a loss, he
wrote.

Mark Scanlan, director of the Independent Community Bankers of America's office
of agriculture and rural policy, said the current volatility of the credit
markets makes bankers "queasy about having their rates capped." He added that
farm lending is not "cookie cutter," so a rule based on averages does not take
into account "the variability between customer needs and characteristics."

The rule's ambiguity helped pave the way for qui tam lawsuits, cases filed by
private citizens on behalf of the government, that claim lenders did not provide
a rate that reflected the benefit they were receiving from the guarantee. The
precedent was set in a 2004 case where a farmerturnedlawyer sued his former
lender, Gold Banc Corp. Inc. of Leawood, Kan. That case was settled for $16
million. Similar suits were settled in Oklahoma in 2006 and 2007.

Lenders have since cautiously set their rates, out of fear of litigation, Mr.
Blanchfield said.

In an interview, Mr. Jorgensen said: "The problem is that even if lenders are
doing it correctly, that doesn't preclude an attorney from filing a class-action
lawsuit against a bank. A bank could potentially spend a sizable amount
defending itself."

Mr. Blanchfield said that while the rule has caused some bankers to be more
cautious, it "is a significant loan program that has worked extremely well."

In fiscal 2008 lenders originated 8,900 Farm Service Agency loans, for total of
$2.25 billion.

The ABA and the ICBA are still drafting their official recommendations, but both
organizations prefer tying rates to the market conditions of an area. They also
said the rule change is particularly pressing because guaranteed loan demand is
expected to rise as commodity prices have fallen and the national economy faces
a grim 2009.

Mr. Bonnet said the agency has received about 20 responses to the proposed rule.
The comment deadline is Dec. 1.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AB


                        Copyright 2008 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             118 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Farm Loan Program Helps Stabilize Rural Banking

                          September 2, 1987, Wednesday


To The Editor:

I don't feel the rural agricultural banker is using the best tool available to
him to combat the present farm economy.

With the attitude things might not get better for four or five more years,
Mercantile Bank of Macon, Mo., has worked hard at mastering the FmHA (Farmers
Home Administration) guaranteed farm loan program.

The initial going was rough, not only because of the paper work but also because
we were trying to bail out on our worst cases. These first attempts left us very
frustrated and sometimes at odds with the local FmHA supervisor. I am sure this
initial road block kept many rural banks from going any further.

Since that time, with a much better understanding of the program and the
purchase of an IBM PC software furnished by FmHA, the program has worked
excellently for us.

Our farm customers know that when their equity slips below 60% their loans must
be guaranteed. We handle all the paper work for a 1% fee, and then carry the
loans at our regular farm rate.

This program has allowed us in some cases to maintain a loan relationship we
might otherwise have terminated. Some will make it and I am sure some will not.
We know we have done our best using every avenue available to the farmer while
reducing the risk to the bank.

We currently have one-third of our farm loans guaranteed, which includes 54% of
our operating loans. The program has reflected very well in our last two years'
bank examinations.

Although we hope for prosperity in our agricultural market prices and yields, we
no longer have to live and die with the market projections and the weather.

George E. Olson President Mercantile Bank of Macon Macon, Mo.

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 283 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1987 American Banker, Inc.


                             119 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             July 26, 2014 Saturday

Farm briefs: New Glenn dairy adviser, farm bill changes

BYLINE: Chico Enterprise-Record

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 540 words


KARLE IS GLENN DAIRY ADVISER &GT;&GT; Betsy Karle has joined the University of
California Cooperative Extension as its new dairy adviser and county director.

Karle served as the dairy program representative for Cooperative Extension in
Glenn and Tehama counties from 2007-2011, and was most recently a junior
specialist for UC Davis Department of Plant Sciences. She developed website
material for the Microbial Water Quality Information Center and was a
representative focusing on pharmaceutical use on dairies for the UC Davis
Department of Animal Science.

She was also the state winner of the California Farm Bureau Young Farmers and
Ranchers Excellence in Agriculture Award in 2012 and is president of the North
Valley Chapter of the California Women for Agriculture.

She lives in Orland with her husband and two children.

NEW FRIDAY MARKET HOURS &GT;&GT; The Chapmantown Friday Farmers Market has new
summer hours through September. The market is at Community Park, 1010 Cleveland
Ave., in Chico and the hours are 3-7 p.m.

SIERRA ORO FARM TRAIL &GT;&GT; The Sierra Oro Farm Trail Passport Weekend will
be held Oct. 11 and 12. The popular ag tourism event includes special events by
farms and wineries that welcome visitors. Tickets go on sale Sept. 2, but event
organizers get the word out earlier so people can make arrangements for friends
visiting from out of town.

On the Internet: www.sierraoro.org

FARM SERVICES ELECTIONS&GT;&GT; Committee members for local Farm Services
agencies will be elected soon, and nominations are being taken through Aug. 1.

Nomination forms are available online: http://goo.gl/rRJfOP

FARM SERVICES APPOINTMENTS &GT;&GT; With a new Farm Bill, it is anticipated
growers will want help making decisions to ensure best use of available
programs. Farm Service agencies are recommending people make appointments, and
ask what documents they will need for review.

In Butte County, call 534-0112; Glenn County, 934-4601; and Tehama County,
527-3013.

FARM BILL CHANGES &GT;&GT; Some of the changes in the newest Farm bill include
raised loan limits and help for new and socially disadvantaged producers, a
press release from the Farm Services Agency states.

Highlights included in the release are:

Elimination of the 15 year term limit for guaranteed operating loans.

Modification of the definition of beginning farmer, using the average farm size
for the county as a qualifier instead of the median farm size.

Modification of the Joint Financing Direct Farm Ownership Interest Rate to 2
percent less than regular Direct Farm Ownership rate, with a floor of 2.5
percent. Previously, the rate was established at 5 percent.

Increase of the maximum loan amount for Direct Farm Ownership Down Payment Loan
Program from $225,000 to $300,000.

Elimination of rural residency requirement for youth loans, allowing urban youth
to benefit.

Debt forgiveness on youth loans, which will not prevent borrowers from obtaining
additional loans from the federal government.

Increase of the guaranteed percentage on conservation loans from 75 to 80
percent and 90 percent for socially disadvantaged borrowers and beginning
farmers.

Microloans will not count toward direct operating loan term limits for veterans
and beginning farmers.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sorghum grows along Highway 113 last spring, looking toward mountains
in the west.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             120 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 15, 2013 Saturday

Washington: ICBA Thanks Senate for Passing a New Farm Bill

LENGTH: 223  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Independent Community Bankers of America has issued the following news
release:

Bill Loving, chairman of the Independent Community Bankers of America® (ICBA)
and president and CEO of Pendleton Community Bank in Franklin, W.Va., released
this statement today following Senate passage of a new farm bill, the
Agriculture Reform, Food and Jobs Act of 2013 (S. 954).

"ICBA thanks the Senate for passing a new farm bill--a new five-year farm policy
that will go a long way toward helping community banks and their farm customers
remain viable in both good times and bad. This legislation is vitally important
to community bankers and their farm customers because it provides a level of
certainty for making farm loans and business-planning decisions, while
authorizing important USDA guaranteed loan programs. ICBA also appreciates the
bill's strong focus on crop and revenue insurance programs and the fact that it
removes term limits on guaranteed farm operating loans.

"Additionally, the bill reduces the deficit by cutting spending by $23 billion
over the next 10 years. Farmers and ranchers need a new multi-year farm bill in
place to operate their businesses and repay their loans, and the community
banking industry remains steadfastly committed to passing a farm bill this
year."

For more information please visit: http://www.icba.org/

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             121 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 March 5, 1990

Farmer Mac to Sell FmHA Loans

SECTION: Pg. 22

LENGTH: 965 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Bush Administration is seeking an amendment to the Farm Credit Act to allow
the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp. to pool Farmers Home Administration
guaranteed loans.

The Department of Agriculture and Farmer Mac have signed a memorandum of
understanding regarding the proposal.

The Farmer Mac underwriting standards will be bypassed for FmHA guaranteed loans
because the loans, made under FmHA's role as a lender of last resort, would
generally not meet the commercial underwriting standards established by Farmer
Mac.

"Essentially what is being proposed is that the guarantee be accepted in lieu of
the standards," said Tom-Clark, vice president for corporate relations with
Farmer Mac.

Mr. Clark said Farmer Mac is confident that the secondary market for guaranteed
loans can be operated in a safe and sound manner.

The USDA recommendation is included in the Administration's 1990 farm bill
proposal.

The Agricultural Credit Act of 1987 required the Secretary of Agriculture to
develop procedures to allow FmHA guaranteed loans to be securitized for a
secondary market.

The Administration concluded that utilizing Farmer Mac made more sense than
establishing a separate organization to pool FmHA guarantees.

"We will need some further legislation.  We have requested that as part of our
1990 farm bill package," an FmHA official said earlier this week.

The USDA will testify before the House Agriculture subcommittee on conservation,
credit and rural development on March 7, and the request is likely to be a topic
of that hearing, the official said.

The Administration concluded that using Farmer Mac to pool the loans would
promote more competitive interest rates, limit the cost of setting up and
operating a secondary market, and facilitate better investor acceptance of the
secondary market.

Banking groups have voiced support for the Administration's proposal.

The Independent Bankers Association of America has endorsed the idea of allowing
Farmer Mac to operate the secondary market for FmHA guaranteed loans.

"From the standpoint of consistency and efficiency, we believe that a single
secondary market for all agricultural and rural lending programs makes more
sense than having both a Farmer Mac and an Aggie Mae," IBAA banker Gary Nelson
of North Dakota told the Senate subcommittee.

The American Bankers Association has also expressed support for the proposal.

The ABA hopes the secondary market for FmHA guarantees will help encourage banks
to increase their involvement in the guarantee program.

"We think a secondary market will go a long way in terms of making guaranteed
loans more attractive," said Ed Alwood, assistant public relations manager for
the ABA.

He said the ABA believes that amending the Agricultural Credit Act to allow
Farmer Mac to pool FmHA guarantees will be the fastest and most credible way to
start a secondary market for the guaranteed loans.

"We have every confidence that this is the best route to go."

Members of Congress may face increasing pressure to continue Farmers Home
Administration direct lending rather than promoting a transition to guaranteed
lending through the private sector.

"It is becoming more and more clear that there are some problems with moving
from a direct loan policy to guarantees," Sen. Kent Conrad, D., N.D., said
during a Senate agricultural credit subcommittee hearing last week.

Sen. Conrad said field hearings in North Dakota revealed widespread opposition
to phasing out direct FmHA farm lending programs.

He expressed a fear that the Bush Administration's proposed interest rate
buydown for guaranteed loans may be too small to make loans viable for
economically stressed borrowers and for rural lenders.

The current interest rate reduction program allows lenders to reduce interest
rates by up to 4% for farmers who are temporarily unable to show a positive cash
flow.  The lenders receive payments from FmHA equal to not more than 50% of the
reduction.

Use of the interest rate reduction program has been less than authorized
spending, the General Accounting Office reported.

Direct FmHA lending has decreased from about $ 4 billion in the early 1980s to $
1 billion today despite increasing numbers of farmer applicants, Sen. Conrad
said.

Some agricultural lenders also fear the consequences of an FmHA retreat from
direct lending.

Speaking on behalf of the Independent Bankers Association of America, Gary
Nelson, president of Scandia American Bank in Stanley, N.D., urged Congress to
maintain direct FmHA lending.

The IBAA fears that phasing it out will make community banks the lenders of last
resort, a role traditionally served by the FmHA.

Mr. Nelson said rising land values could make it more economical for the
government to foreclose on delinquent FmHA borrowers than to restructure debt.
He recommended that the interest rate subsidy be used to keep delinquent
borrowers on their land.

But not all bankers are enthusiastic about direct lending.

Michael Grove, president of First National Bank in Sulphur Spring, Mont., and
chairman of the American Bankers Association agricultural bankers division,
testified that the ABA supports the shift from direct to guaranteed loans.

"Federal assistance on the interest rate enables borrowers whose financial
conditions are improving to graduate from direct lending while maintaining
manageable payments," Mr. Grove said.

Mr. Grove said one hindrance to bank participation in the guaranteed lending
program is a requirement that farmers show 110% cash flow as a condition for
loan guarantee approval.  The cash flow requirement is more lenient for
borrowers who qualify for the interest rate reduction.

This standard is more stringent than that applied by banks to their own
customers, Mr. Grove said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1990 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             122 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Reagan Farm Bill Offers Fiscal Austerity With a Reduced Role for Government;
 Proposal Charts Market-Oriented Route and a Shift to Guaranteed Lending

                           February 25, 1985, Monday

By BARTLETT NAYLOR and JAY ROSENSTEIN

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


As Congress knocked heads with the White House over emergency farm credit
measures Friday, the Reagan administration unveiled its farm bill, a long-term
proposal designed to reduce government involvement in the agriculture sector.

Fiscal austerity is the thrust of what President Reagan calls the Agriculture
Adjustment Act of 1985.

The proposed act differs starkly from the administration's short-term plan to
relax credit terms for farmers, which the White House presented Friday under
Senate pressure.

''We have been saddled far too long with brushfire-mentality farm policies which
attempt to deal with short-term problems without providing effective long-term
solutions,'' Agriculture Secretary John Block said in announcing the farm bill.

The proposal charts a market-oriented route for agriculture, Mr. Block said.

The bill would shift all Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) loans for new
borrowers from direct, to guaranteed, lending, beginning in October. Existing
direct operating loans would be phased out by the end of the decade.

In addition, so-called multiperil, all-risk crop insurance would substitute for
the FmHA emergency lending program.

The farm credit community has reacted skeptically to the proposal.

Representatives of the American Bankers Association (ABA), the industry's
largest trade group, welcomed the ''market orientation approach,'' provided ''it
is introduced gradually.''

Neal Conover, chairman of the First National Bank of Creston in Iowa, said: ''In
concept, we support what the government is doing in establishing a market
orientation, but there are too many changes in agriculture today without changes
in the law.''

Thomas Olson, president of Lisco State Bank in Nebraska, said he ''concurred''
with replacing the direct loan program with simple guarantees.

Meanwhile, efforts to generate quick credit in time for spring planting have
been of far more importance to the banking industry.

The ABA, for example, has just released a survey showing that 14% of banks'
agricultural customers will not be eligible to receive operating credit for the
coming season.

In addition, the survey shows it will take three to four months just to process
applications and win approvals for FmHA loans.

Relaxation of Credit Rules Sought

Among the proposals in the emergency plan being worked out between the White
House and the Senate is a relaxation of credit rules.

Specifically, a farm family's income would only have to match expenses in order
to qualify it for a federally guaranteed loan. Under current rules, income must
be 110% of anticipated expenses.

The level of guarantees is also expected to be greatly expanded, from the
present $650 million to $1.6 billion, or even $3.6 billion.

But there is also a provision requiring bankers to forgive 10% of the interest
or principal owed by a farmer, in exchange for the federal guarantee.

That provision is a source of frustration in the banking community. Lisco
State's Mr. Olson said bankers will be ''unwilling'' to ''use the forgiveness in
exchange for a writedown.''

''Quite frankly,'' he added, the emergency measures ''aren't going to make for a
much large utilization of the guaranteed loan program.'' Lisco State is a small
bank with 90% of its $8 million in loans in the farm sector.

Mr. Conover of the Creston Bank agreed with the ABA survey. ''Farmer's Home
offices that would process new loan offices are already swamped,'' he said.
''They may be unable to handle the onslaught of business.''

Mr. Conover's bank has a $30 million loan portfolio, half of which is in the
farm sector.

The Agriculture Adjustment Act is intended to replace a current law governing
allocation of federal credit, many provisions of which expire this October. If
no legislation is approved, though, price- and income-support programs will
remain in place.

The cost of the Reagan plan is half that of current agriculture supports,
according to Department of Agriculture officials.

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 665 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             123 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Loan Insurer Is Taken over By California

                            April 3, 1985, Wednesday

By MIKE CARROLL

DATELINE: NEW YORK


California regulators have taken over management of a large Sacramento insurance
company because of problems stemming from having written excessive numbers of
financial guarantee bonds.

The Cal-Farm Insurance Co. was placed in conservatorship Friday. The state
Department of Insurance said the firm's solvency was threatened by a high rate
of defaults on real estate and construction loans that were made by a host of
lenders from around the country and backed by guarantees issued on Cal-Farm's
behalf by an agent.

The Cal-Farm action - the second such move by the Department of Insurance in the
last month - reflects the widening scope of problems associated with faulty
financial guarantees, which played a large role in the Bank America Corp.'s
recent $95 million writeoff.

In early March, the agency took over the California operations of the Glacier
General Assurance Co. of Missoula, Mont. Glacier's failure to honor mortgage
guarantee bonds was partly responsible for Bank America's losses.

Cal-Farm's difficulties are believed to be unrelated to Bank America's.

Sources said Cal-Farm's troubles could mean difficulties for many institutions
that originally lent the money guaranteed by the bonds.

Depending on how the bottom line comes out at Cal-Farm, some thrifts are so
small they might not survive, an insurance department source said.

In its petition for conservatorship, the agency said loans totaling $60 million
backed by Cal-Farm guarantees were in default and that collateral backing up the
loans could not be properly evaluated.

An additional $100 million in guarantees is outstanding and could cause
financial hardship, the regulators said. Cal-Farm had $32.127 million in capital
at yearend 1984.

Designed to protect policyholders, conservatorship allows a company to continue
doing business, but under the control of the insurance department.

Carl Santillo, Cal-Farm's executive vice president, said he thought the
Insurance Department estimates of Cal-Farm's liability were too high, but said
he could not dispute Insurance Commissioner Bruce Bunner's assertions because
all records are not yet available.

''The commissioner reacted to uncertainty,'' Mr. Santillo said. ''He placed a
zero value on the collateral. He looked at it from the worst-case scenario. I
don't agree with him, but I can't prove him wrong.''

Efforts were being made, Mr. Santillo said, to obtain an infusion of capital to
ensure the firm's safety. ''I'm optimistic we will put together a program to
maintain the continuity of Cal-Farm.''

Cal-Farm had to write off $3.5 million because of payments on guarantees in
1984, Mr. Santillo said. Cal-Farm had been expecting to charge off another $5.5
million this year, but he acknowledged that figure could now go higher.

Cal-Farm is an affiliate of the California Farm Bureau Federation, a general
organization of farmers. The insurer wrote $79 million in premiums in 1984,
primarily in auto and homeowner coverage. Cal-Farm is the leading writer of farm
owners' insurance coverage in the state.

Financial guarantees were a sideline to Cal-Farm's principal lines of business,
contributing only 4% of total premium income in the less than one year in which
they were offered.

Answered an Ad for Underwriter

Cal-Farm got involved in the business after it answered a 1982 Wall Street
Journal advertisement placed by principals of Eagle Bonds and Insurance Brokers
Inc., Agoura Hills, Calif., seeking the underwriting services of an insurance
company, according to a $45 million lawsuit Cal-Farm filed in January against
Eagle in Los Angeles federal court.

Clark Biggs, a Cal-Farm spokesman, said Eagle Bonds acted as the managing
general agent for Cal-Farm in its issuance of financial guarantees, and that all
guarantees issued by Cal-Farm were originated by Eagle Bonds. Mr. Santillo said
many records were unavailable, in part because Eagle had been unhelpful.

As previously reported, Cal-Farm asserted in its suit that Eagle lined up loans
from lenders across the country to projects being undertaken by an affiliate,
the California Pacific Construction Co. Charging that California Pacific
borrowed the money without collateral and without intending to pay back, Cal-
Farm asserted that it was liable to honor millions of dollars of guarantees.

Principals of Eagle Bonds did not return calls for comment on Tuesday.

Cal-Farm's Mr. Santillo said about 100 lenders made loans that were guaranteed
by Cal-Farm. Most of these lenders were from out of state and most were thrifts
or banks. The maximum amount of any loan was $1 million.

According to court documents, lenders to California Pacific whose loans were
guaranteed by Cal-Farm include: Mercer Savings and Loan Association, Trenton,
N.J.; Tremont Savings & Loan, Tremont, Ill.; Fulton Bank, Fulton, Ky.;
Cosmopolitan State Bank, Stillwater, Minn.; and the City of Baton Rouge and
Parish of East Baton Rouge Employees Retirement System, La.

Though the Cal-Farm guarantee problems are not believed to have any direct
relation to the Bank America mortgage securities scandal, a joint task force of
federal, state, and local investigators seized files from Eagle Bonds offices as
part of a wide-ranging sweep in early March.

Also searched in that sweep were the offices of Glacier General, which had
guaranteed $89 million in mortgage securities bought by 19 East Coast thrifts.
The mortgages proved overvalued, and Bank America, which acted as trustee,
agreed to reimburse the thrifts - charging off $95 million in the process.

The California regulators said that overall, Glacier may have written more than
$200 million in financial guarantees.

California regulators have been investigating half a dozen insurance companies
that wrote hundreds of millions of dollars of financial guarantees in the state.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 974 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             124 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Winthrop News (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 24, 2014

USDA notifies producers on acreage history and yields

BYLINE: Winthrop News staff

LENGTH: 528  words


Written notifications from USDA are underway to farmers that provide updates on
their current base acres, yields and 2009-2012 planting history.

Please cross check the letter from USDA with your farm records. If the
information is correct, no further action is needed at this time, but if our
letter is incomplete or incorrect, contact your local FSA office as soon as
possible.

Verifying the accuracy of data on a farm's acreage history is a required early
step for enrolling in the upcoming Agriculture Risk Coverage (ARC) program and
the Price Loss Coverage (PLC) program. Farmers and ranchers can update their
crop yield information and reallocate base acres.

By mid-winter all producers on a farm will be required to make a one-time,
unanimous and irrevocable election between price protection and county revenue
protection or individual revenue protection for 2014-2018 crop years. Producers
can expect to sign contracts for ARC or PLC for the 2014 and 2015 crop years in
the spring of 2015.

Covered commodities include barley, canola, large and small chickpeas, corn,
crambe, flaxseed, grain sorghum, lentils, mustard seed, oats, peanuts, dry peas,
rapeseed, long grain rice, medium grain rice (includes short grain rice and
temperate japonica rice), safflower seed, sesame, soybeans, sunflower seed, and
wheat. Upland cotton is no longer a covered commodity.

Visit www.fsa.usda.gov or the local FSA office for information about FSA and the
2014 Farm Bill programs.

New Farm Bill offers increased opportunities for producers

The 2014 Farm Bill offers increased opportunities for producers including farm
loan program modifications that create flexibility for new and existing farmers.

The Farm Bill expands lending opportunities for thousands of farmers and
ranchers to begin and continue operations, including greater flexibility in
determining eligibility, raising loan limits, and emphasizing beginning and
socially disadvantaged producers.

Changes that will take effect immediately include:

Elimination of the 15 year term limit for guaranteed operating loans.

Modification of the definition of beginning farmer, using the average farm size
for the county as a qualifier instead of the median farm size.

Modification of the Joint Financing Direct Farm Ownership Interest Rate to 2
percent less than regular Direct Farm Ownership rate, with a floor of 2.5
percent. Previously, the rate was established at 5 percent.

Increase of the maximum loan amount for Direct Farm Ownership Down Payment Loan
Program from $225,000 to $300,000.

Elimination of rural residency requirement for Youth Loans, allowing urban youth
to benefit.

Debt forgiveness on Youth Loans, which will not prevent borrowers from obtaining
additional loans from the federal government.

Increase of the guaranteed percentage on Conservation Loans from 75 to 80
percent and 90 percent for socially disadvantaged borrowers and beginning
farmers.

Microloans will not count toward direct operating loan term limits for veterans
and beginning farmers.

Additional modifications must be implemented through the rulemaking processes.
Visit the FSA Farm Bill website for detailed information and updates to farm
loan programs.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WTH

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2014 Winthrop News


                             125 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              June 22, 2007 Friday
                                  City Edition

Bank settles farm loan case;
First Capital to pay $1.4 million for rates.

BYLINE: Don Mecoy, Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 450 words


First Capital Bancorp of Guthrie has agreed to pay $1.4 million to settle a
lawsuit claiming the bank charged excessive rates on federally guaranteed
agricultural loans for 12 years, the company and U.S. Attorney John C. Richter
said Thursday.

The company, which operates First Capital Bank branches in Guthrie, Kingfisher
and Cordell, admitted no wrongdoing.

Bank Chairman Jack Stuteville said fighting the "baseless" charges in court
would have been more expensive than settling the case for the company.

"This lawsuit is clearly unjustified," Stuteville said. "The directors, officers
and employees of First Capital Bank are innocent of any and all wrongdoing."

Enid Attorney Doug Jackson, who represented the bank, said he advised the
company to settle purely for economic considerations. The lawsuit was filed
under the False Claims Act, which triples damages if the defendant is found
liable and pays part of the resulting settlement to the parties who filed on
behalf of the federal government.

"If you can settle for what it costs to defend it, you do it," Jackson said.
"It's a tough deal."

U.S. Attorney Richter said justice officials review "countless" such lawsuits
each year to determine if authorities should pursue the claims.

"In this case, we chose to intervene," Richter said. "We'll let the $1.4
million, 75 percent of which is returned to American taxpayers, speak for
itself."

The loan program administered by the Farm Service Agency (FSA) depends on the
integrity of the farmers and lenders who participate, Richter said.

"Excessive fees and inflated interest rates charged by lenders hurt not only the
specific farmer involved, but the entire agricultural industry," Richter said.

First Capital has been a lender of agricultural loans guaranteed by the FSA
since 1994.

The lawsuit alleged that First Capital charged excessive fees and inflated
interest rates on agricultural loans to Oklahoma farmers. The bank then
submitted false payment claims for guaranteed loss claims and interest
assistance payments, the lawsuit claimed.

Stuteville said the Farm Service Agency approved every agency-guaranteed loan
issued by First Capital Bank. Murky federal regulations confuse even the
agency's own officials regarding the proper interest rates banks can charge, a
situation that federal lawmakers should remedy, Stuteville said.

"If Congress chooses to turn a deaf ear to this critical situation, the result
may be the choking off of the flow of capital to America's small family
farmers," Stuteville said. "That may be the real tragedy, as the government,
under the premise of protecting farmers, may be putting them out of business."

Don Mecoy:  475-3942,  DMecoy@Oklahoman.com

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             126 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Turtle Mountain Star (Rolla, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 4, 2011

Loans available for beginning farmers

BYLINE: Turtle Mountain Star staff

LENGTH: 138  words


The Farm Service Agency is authorized to assist beginning farmers and or members
of socially disadvantaged groups to finance agricultural enterprises.

Under these programs, FSA can provide financing to eligible applicants through
either direct or guaranteed loans.

FSA defines a beginning farmer as a person who:

Has operated a farm for not more than 10 years

Will materially and substantially participate in the operation of the farm

Agrees to participate in a loan assessment, borrower training and financial
management program sponsored by FSA

Does not own a farm in excess of 30 percent of the county's average size

Each member of an entity must meet the eligibility requirements. Loan approval
is not guaranteed.

Socially disadvantaged groups are Hispanics, American Indians. African
Americans. Asians, Pacific Islanders and women.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TUR

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2011 Turtle Mountain Star


                             127 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 29, 1985, Friday, Late City Final Edition

FARM BILL: SHORT OF GOALS

BYLINE: By WILLIAM ROBBINS, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 16, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1080 words

DATELINE: KANSAS CITY, Mo., Nov. 28


The Senate farm bill, much of which is expected to survive in final legislation,
takes a long stride toward the free market that the Reagan Administration has
sought for American agriculture.

But heavy budgetary costs can be expected to continue, and strains on both
diplomatic and economic relations with friends abroad that are likely to result
are sure to create worries for both Treasury and State Department officials.

After nearly a year of pulling and hauling, the Senate produced its final
version of the farm bill in a night-and-day session Saturday. That vote came a
month and a half after the House of Representatives had produced a bill of its
own.

When Congress returns to work next week, leading senators and representatives
will meet as a conference committee to produce a compromise. In effect, they
will write new legislation out of the parts of the two contending bills.

Measures Fall Short of Goals

Measured against the goals Congressional farm leaders set for themselves as they
began work last spring, both bills fall far short of perfection.

Their work had begun in an atmosphere of crisis. American farm commodities were
being undersold in traditional overseas markets, and they were piling up as
surpluses in bins and granaries at home. Farmers burdened by heavy debts were
losing their land in numbers unseen for generations, even as the costs of
Federal programs to support farmers' incomes mounted to record levels.

When the senators voted Saturday, none of those conditions had changed.

Congress spent more than $60 billion on programs to support farm incomes in the
past four years, providing more than two-thirds of all farm income in that
period, while problems worsened. In the 1985 fiscal year, which ended Sept. 30,
spending reached $18 billion. In 1981, the best recent year for farmers, when
their income totaled $31 billion, spending on support programs was $3.5 billion.


Pain of High Interest Rates

The costs of the farm-support program have been attacked as contributing to
budget deficits and high interest rates. Those factors hurt farmers more than
other sectors of the economy.

In that atmosphere, Congressional leaders set three goals for farm legislation:
to deal with farmers' financial problems, to make American products more
competitive abroad and to cut the budget costs of achieving those goals.

The parts of both the Senate and the House bills that are being examined most
closely by farmers here in the country's principal growing regions and by other
consumers and taxpayers are the provisions designed to support farm prices and
incomes. Those provisions in turn affect both program costs and the prices of
American commodities in export markets.

The two principal features designed as income aids are price supports and the
price guaranteed to farmers who pledge to cooperate in farm programs.

This year the principal guaranteed prices for major commodities are $4.38 a
bushel for wheat, $3.03 a bushel for corn and 81 cents a pound for cotton.

In addition, those farmers qualify for price-support loans, the levels for which
are set by farm law. The loan rates are $3.30 a bushel for wheat, $2.55 a bushel
for corn and 55 cents a pound for cotton.

How It Works on Typical Farm

On a typical farm in Iowa this year, the program worked this way: the farmer
produced a bumper crop of corn, 150 bushels an acre. The market price at harvest
time was a little more than $2 a bushel, which was below the loan rate. Under
the loan program, the farmer placed the corn in storage and pledged it as
collateral for a Government loan totaling $2.55 a bushel.

If market prices rise above the loan rate within the lext nine months the farmer
can sell the corn and pay off the loan. If prices remain low the farmer keeps
the loan money and the Government keeps the corn.

In addition, if market prices remain low, the farmer will receive payments to
help make up the difference between the average market price and the guaranteed
price, up to a maximum of 48 cents a bushel.

Lower Prices, More Spending

Because prices have remained low, Government payments for both the guaranteed
price program and the loan program have soared. Yet, even with those income
supports, many farmers are earning too little to meet costs and pay off debts.

In addition, while the price supports remain too low for many farmers to make
money, they are high enough to price much of American production out of foreign
markets.

The Senate bill gets high marks from some agricultural economists for unleashing
the agricultural might of the United States to compete. It would reduce price
supports for grains sharply in the first year and by 5 percent a year in each
succeeding year of the four-year program. The corn support price, for example,
would be reduced by 15 cents a bushel in 1986, to $2.40.

In addition, the Secretary of Agriculture, by invoking other provisions, could
further reduce the price supports 20 percent each year.

Some economists and other agricultural specialists at a recent meeting here
questioned whether sales volume could be increased enough by such changes to
offset the impact of the price reductions. In any event, they say, the
reductions will be seen as a harsh blow to competitors in both developed and
developing countries.

Experts say the losses could undermine the ability of developing countries such
as Argentina and Brazil to pay their heavy debts to American banks.

The House bill would make similar but less extensive cuts in price supports.

Conflicting Desires

In their actions on target prices both the House and the Senate fall short of
their two other goals, those of dealing with farmers' financial problems and of
softening the impact on the budget.

The House bill would freeze the target prices for the next five years. The
Senate's four-year bill would freeze the targets for two years, 1986 and 1987.
It would then reduce the targets 5 percent a year for 1988 and 1989.

Critics have noted that the target-price freeze, in effect, avoids any new
approach to the financial problems of troubled farmers. Others note that
continuing budget costs of the support programs equal about 10 percent of the
Federal deficit and continue to aggravate both export problems and the troubled
farmers' interest-cost problems.

But no one has yet demonstrated convincingly how the conflicting goals of
helping farmers and cutting spending can be reached at the same time.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: ANALYSIS

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             128 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            March 21, 1998 Saturday

BYLINE: John MacDonald

LENGTH: 534 words


FARGO -- Farm credit in the state has reached a ""critical threshold,'' with
more farmers seeking federal loans and a growing number of them unable to pay
back the obligations, a federal agriculture official said Friday. The situation
reflects the severity of North Dakota's agriculture economy because of last
year's weather, higher production costs and lower commodity prices, said Scott
Stofferahn, director of the North Dakota office of the federal Farm Service
Agency. The number of farmers applying for direct government loans or emergency
funds this year is expected to rise 12 percent over the current number, while
applications for government-insured bank loans are expected to increase nearly
30 percent, Stofferahn said.

With loan money already tight, Stofferahn said the FSA expects to be able to
help only about 60 percent of the applicants. ""This is pretty severe for North
Dakota,'' Stofferahn said Friday. ""We're seeing a huge amount of pressure on
our loan programs right now and we simply ... can't meet all the requests.'' The
figures for loan applications are based on a March 12 survey of the number of
requests already received and the number expected in coming weeks. Stofferahn
discussed the problem with state Agriculture Commissioner Roger Johnson on
Friday. The two hope Congress will be able to provide additional funding for
more loans, as well as additional help in processing the loans and working with
farmers. ""What we committed to doing at our end is figuring out how we could
get some extra people up there to help them slog through these applications,''
Johnson said.""The (U.S. Agriculture Department) continues to slim down its
field staff,'' Stofferahn added. ""We've got some outstanding people out there,
but they're being asked to do more and more with less. This is overloading
them.'' The FSA is considered the last resort for farmers needing operating
loans. Stofferahn said private banks are gradually becoming less willing to
offer their own loans to farmers because of fears the money will not be repaid.
The FSA survey shows the fears may be well-founded. In addition to a rise in
loan requests, Stofferahn said a growing number of current loan holders have
been unable to meet their repayment requirements. Of the 4,158 North Dakota
farmers who have direct operating farm loans through FSA, 1,017 of them --
nearly 25 percent -- were delinquent in their payments last year. Twenty-two
percent, or 282, of those with guaranteed loans were delinquent as well,
Stofferahn said. Guaranteed loans are offered by independent banks, but are
guaranteed by the federal government if the farmers default. Stofferahn believes
the financial situation is so desperate that as many as one-quarter of those who
are currently delinquent will have to liquidate their operations. Hardest hit
are farmers in northeastern North Dakota, including those in Grand Forks, Walsh
and Ramsey counties, where flooding was especially severe last spring. Forty-two
percent of the farmers in northeastern North Dakota fell behind on repaying
their direct loans, the survey shows. Thirty-seven percent of those with
guaranteed loans in the northeastern part of the state are delinquent.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1998 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             129 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            March 21, 1998 Saturday

BYLINE: John MacDonald

LENGTH: 534 words


FARGO -- Farm credit in the state has reached a ""critical threshold,'' with
more farmers seeking federal loans and a growing number of them unable to pay
back the obligations, a federal agriculture official said Friday. The situation
reflects the severity of North Dakota's agriculture economy because of last
year's weather, higher production costs and lower commodity prices, said Scott
Stofferahn, director of the North Dakota office of the federal Farm Service
Agency. The number of farmers applying for direct government loans or emergency
funds this year is expected to rise 12 percent over the current number, while
applications for government-insured bank loans are expected to increase nearly
30 percent, Stofferahn said.

With loan money already tight, Stofferahn said the FSA expects to be able to
help only about 60 percent of the applicants. ""This is pretty severe for North
Dakota,'' Stofferahn said Friday. ""We're seeing a huge amount of pressure on
our loan programs right now and we simply ... can't meet all the requests.'' The
figures for loan applications are based on a March 12 survey of the number of
requests already received and the number expected in coming weeks. Stofferahn
discussed the problem with state Agriculture Commissioner Roger Johnson on
Friday. The two hope Congress will be able to provide additional funding for
more loans, as well as additional help in processing the loans and working with
farmers. ""What we committed to doing at our end is figuring out how we could
get some extra people up there to help them slog through these applications,''
Johnson said.""The (U.S. Agriculture Department) continues to slim down its
field staff,'' Stofferahn added. ""We've got some outstanding people out there,
but they're being asked to do more and more with less. This is overloading
them.'' The FSA is considered the last resort for farmers needing operating
loans. Stofferahn said private banks are gradually becoming less willing to
offer their own loans to farmers because of fears the money will not be repaid.
The FSA survey shows the fears may be well-founded. In addition to a rise in
loan requests, Stofferahn said a growing number of current loan holders have
been unable to meet their repayment requirements. Of the 4,158 North Dakota
farmers who have direct operating farm loans through FSA, 1,017 of them --
nearly 25 percent -- were delinquent in their payments last year. Twenty-two
percent, or 282, of those with guaranteed loans were delinquent as well,
Stofferahn said. Guaranteed loans are offered by independent banks, but are
guaranteed by the federal government if the farmers default. Stofferahn believes
the financial situation is so desperate that as many as one-quarter of those who
are currently delinquent will have to liquidate their operations. Hardest hit
are farmers in northeastern North Dakota, including those in Grand Forks, Walsh
and Ramsey counties, where flooding was especially severe last spring. Forty-two
percent of the farmers in northeastern North Dakota fell behind on repaying
their direct loans, the survey shows. Thirty-seven percent of those with
guaranteed loans in the northeastern part of the state are delinquent.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1998 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             130 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 22, 2016 Saturday

EZ Guarantee Program and Micro Lender Program Status

LENGTH: 6772  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Rule document was issued by the Farm Service Agency (FSA)





 <h2>
  Action</h2>

  Final rule.
 <h2>
  Summary</h2>

  The Farm Service Agency (FSA) is amending the guaranteed Farm Loan Programs
(FLP) regulations to implement an EZ Guarantee Program and establish an
additional lender status. The EZ Guarantee Program will help lenders reduce
costs of underwriting and servicing loans to help meet the unique financing
needs of small farm operations. The intended effects of the rule are to make
guaranteed loan programs more widely available and attractive to small farm
operations and the lenders who work with those farm operations through a more
flexible underwriting analysis process, reduced application requirements, and
faster FSA approval. In addition, FSA is amending the regulations to make a
technical correction related to chattel appraisal appeals related to both
guaranteed and direct loans.


 <h2>
  Dates</h2>

  &emsp;

  Effective Date: October 21, 2016.

  Comment Dates: We will consider comments on the Paperwork Reduction Act that
we receive by: December 20, 2016.

  We will consider comments on the regulatory changes that we receive by:
January 19, 2017.
 <h2>
  Addresses</h2>

  We invite you to submit comments on this rule. In your comment, specify RIN
0560-AI34, and include the volume, date, and page number of this issue of the
Federal Register. You may submit comments by either of the following methods:


   Federal Rulemaking Portal: Go to http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the
instructions for submitting comments.

   Mail: Director, Loan Making Division, FLP, FSA, US Department of Agriculture,
1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop 0522, Washington, DC 20250-0522.


  Comments will be available for viewing online at http://www.regulations.gov.
In addition, comments will be available for public inspection at the above
address during business hours from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday,
except holidays.
 <h2>
  For Further Information Contact</h2>

  Randi Sheffer; telephone: (202) 205-0682. Persons with disabilities or who
require alternative means for communications should contact the USDA Target
Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice).
 <h2>
  Supplementary Information</h2>
 <h3>
  Background</h3>

  FSA makes and services a variety of direct and guaranteed loans to the
nation's farmers and ranchers who are unable to obtain private commercial credit
at reasonable rates and terms. FSA also provides direct loan customers with
credit counseling and supervision to enhance their opportunity for success. FSA
direct and guaranteed loan applicants are often beginning farmers and socially
disadvantaged farmers who do not qualify for conventional loans because of
insufficient net worth or established farmers who have suffered financial
setbacks due to natural disasters or economic downturns. FSA tailors direct and
guaranteed loans to a customer's needs and may be used to buy farmland and to
finance agricultural production.

  The Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act of 1972 (CONACT, Pub. L.
92-419), as amended, authorizes FSA's Guaranteed Farm Loan Programs.
 <h3>
  EZ Guarantee Program</h3>

  FSA is amending its FLP regulations to add an EZ Guarantee Program to further
assist the financing needs of small farm operations. Section 333A(g)(1)(A) of
the CONACT states that FSA will provide lenders with a short, simplified
application for loans which are $125,000 or less (see 7 U.S.C. 1983a(g)(1)(A)).
The EZ Guarantee Program process will be the same as the Guaranteed Loan
Program, except there is a new, self-contained application specifically
formatted for EZ Guarantee loans. FSA may request additional information for the
application when necessary to clarify a response on the application before
making an approval decision.

  FSA is adding a definition of an EZ Guarantee loan in 7 CFR 761.2. The EZ
Guarantee Program will provide alternatives for application and financial
underwriting process for Operating Loan (OL) and Farm Ownership loan (FO)
purposes. All other FLP rules will remain unchanged and the funding sources for
these EZ Guarantee loans will continue to be through FSA's guaranteed OL and FO
annual appropriations.

  All lenders who meet FSA eligibility criteria (see 7 CFR 762.105, 762.106, and
762.107) will be eligible to originate EZ Guarantee loans. As discussed below,
the rule adds MLP Status in addition to Standard Eligible Lender (SEL),
Certified Lender Program (CLP), and Preferred Lender Program (PLP) status. SELs,
CLPs, and PLPs may originate EZ Guarantee loans up to $100,000. Because of their
limited experience in making agricultural loans, MLPs will be limited to loans
up to $50,000. The streamlined application and new underwriting process will
reduce the burden for all of the FSA lender types. Beyond that, we expect that
this new EZ Guarantee Program may be of particular interest to and used
primarily by small commercial lenders desiring to build their agriculture
portfolio and by nontraditional lenders who typically work with small farm
operations.

  EZ Guarantee loans will be subject to the same eligibility, security, and
environmental requirements, as any other guaranteed OL or FO. Loan purposes,
interest rate requirements, loan terms, appraisal requirements, and percent
guarantee, and guarantee fees will also remain the same. Therefore,
§§&thinsp;762.120 through 762.124 and 762.126 through 762.127 are not being
revised.

  Because small loans present less credit risk, and lenders are less inclined to
finance small loans, FSA is revising §&thinsp;762.110 to reflect a new,
all-inclusive application form to be used only for EZ Guarantee loans. Unlike
other guaranteed applications, lenders will not need to submit supporting
information to FSA; therefore, the approval process will require significantly
less time. In addition, the application format is different from the application
forms now being used by FSA guaranteed lenders. The EZ Guarantee application
will include a series of questions that pertain to eligibility, loan repayment
prospects, collateral, and environmental review, which if appropriate, will
allow for an accelerated FSA approval. An application not qualifying for the
accelerated FSA approval will not necessarily be rejected, but instead will
require additional information. This rule also makes additional changes to
§&thinsp;762.110 for clarity, but the rules for regular guaranteed applications
remain the same.

  As part of streamlining the application process, FSA is revising
§&thinsp;762.125 to use a more streamlined underwriting process for EZ Guarantee
loans. Because of the limited income derived from a small loan, commercial
lenders typically perform very limited financial analysis at loan origination.
With the EZ Guarantee Program, the lender may analyze the loan in the same
manner they would analyze a nonguaranteed loan of the same size and type, saving
them time and money. Many lenders are now using historical averages, industry
standards, or scorecard lending rather than projecting cash flow budgets to
determine feasibility. Scorecard lending is an underwriting method where lenders
use a variety of financial ratios and other information to predict the level of
credit risk a particular applicant presents. Lenders will be required to analyze
an EZ Guarantee application and determine that the applicant demonstrated
reasonable prospects for repayment using normal, industry accepted methods and
criteria. As part of the lender's information added to the application, the
lender will describe the method and standards used on the EZ Guarantee
application.

  The lender's standards need to meet the following requirements:

  1. The lender must perform the same financial analysis and apply the same
underwriting standards for an EZ Guarantee loan as they would for a
nonguaranteed loan of the same size and type.

  2. The lender must determine that the EZ Guarantee applicant demonstrates
reasonable prospects to repay the requested loan. This determination must be
arrived at using the lender's typical underwriting criteria and methods, such as
a cash flow projection, a scorecard underwriting model, historical income and
expenses, or other repayment capacity indicator.

  3. The lender will describe the methods and criteria used to determine the
applicant's prospects for repayment on the EZ Guarantee application form.

  FSA anticipates changes in accepted lending practices, portfolio performance,
and economic conditions will create a need to update the EZ Guarantee
underwriting criteria; therefore, §&thinsp;762.125(d) specifies that the
standards will be updated for future changes through an FSA announcement posted
on the FSA Web site (www.fsa.usda.gov). That will allow for timely updating of
the standards as needs change.

  Since lenders will continue to analyze and document EZ Guarantee loans using
the same methods and standards they use for nonguaranteed loans, FSA anticipates
little to no change in default rates resulting from the limited underwriting
analysis.

  FSA will service EZ Guarantee loans as it currently services guaranteed OLs
and FOs with exceptions for term loans performing according to the promissory
notes and loan agreements. The lender will be responsible for servicing the
entire loan in a reasonable and prudent manner, protecting and accounting for
collateral; and the lender will also remain as the mortgagee or secured party of
record. The lender will be responsible for servicing its guaranteed loans as it
services any other loan in its portfolio and complying with all FLP requirements
in 7 CFR 762.140 through 762.149. The reporting requirements will be the current
reporting requirements in 7 CFR 761.141 including semi-annual status and default
status reporting.

  FSA is revising 7 CFR 762.140 for more limited analysis of borrowers with EZ
Guarantee loans. If the loan is performing as intended, an annual analysis may
not be required. All delinquent servicing lender responsibilities in 7 CFR
762.143 will remain the same.
 <h3>
  Guaranteed MLP</h3>

  FSA will administer MLP to increase collaboration with nontraditional lenders
and assist small farm operations typically in underserved areas. The additional
MLP Status will also enable nontraditional lenders to participate in the EZ
Guarantee Program. Also, establishing a stronger working relationship with
nontraditional lenders will be beneficial because they share a common goal with
FSA to assist producers in underserved areas, including credit deserts such as
Indian Country.

  Minor reference changes in the rules are being made in §§&thinsp;761.2,
762.101, and 762.128. In §&thinsp;761.2, an abbreviation of "Micro Lender
Program" is being added. In §&thinsp;762.101, "Micro Lender" is being added to
the lender classification. In §&thinsp;762.128, "MLP" is being added to the list
of lenders who must comply with the environmental requirements.

  Also, this rule adds §&thinsp;762.107 to implement MLP including the creation
of an additional MLP Status for nontraditional lenders and commercial lenders
who are not eligible for or do not want Standard Eligible Lender (SEL),
Certified Lender Program (CLP), or Preferred Lender Program (PLP) status. To
request MLP Status, a lender will submit an application form to any FSA office.
The application form will collect information from the lender, such as loan
portfolio characteristics (delinquency and default rates), source(s) of loan
funding, and certifications by the lender.

  FSA will evaluate the MLP Status application using the criteria in 7 CFR
762.107(b).

  FSA regulations require guaranteed lenders to be subject to credit examination
and supervision by an acceptable State or Federal regulatory agency (see 7 CFR
762.105(b)). This requirement has prevented many nontraditional lenders from
qualifying to receive FSA Guarantees on loans made to their customers. MLP
Status will allow nontraditional lenders to participate in FSA's EZ Guarantee
Program by permitting this examination and supervision to be performed by other
types of regulatory agencies. In the new §&thinsp;762.107(b)(3), FSA requires
lenders to be subject to appropriate oversight to participate in the FSA
Guaranteed Program as micro lenders. Nontraditional lenders such as Community
Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) are supervised and regulated, but not
to the same degree that agencies like the Office of the Comptroller of the
Currency or other banking authorities regulate commercial banks. The following
types of organizations have currently been determined to meet these standards:

  1. A lender meeting the examination and supervision requirement in
§&thinsp;762.105(b).

  2. CDFI. CDFIs that have been awarded funds and are under the supervision of
the CDFIs Program described in 12 CFR part 1805.

  3. Rural Rehabilitation Corporation (RRC). RRCs that have entered into an
agreement establishing an ongoing reporting and credit supervision relationship
with FSA.

  Traditional lenders, such as banks or credit unions, that are currently not
eligible to obtain SEL, CLP or PLP status, would be eligible to apply for MLP
status. Additionally nontraditional lenders that are certified by the U.S.
Department of the Treasury--such as CDFIs--or that are subject to credit
examination and supervision by FSA's Deputy Administrator for FLP (DAFLP)--such
as RRCs--would be eligible to apply for MLP Status because:

  1. FSA has experience in working with CDFIs and RRCs. In addition, CDFIs and
RRCs typically make loans to small farms and underserved farmers, and are
expected to be one of the primary users of the new EZ Guarantee Program; and

  2. At this time, FSA does not have sufficient knowledge or expertise regarding
other types of nontraditional lenders. Further research, including the potential
need for guarantees by other types of nontraditional lenders is required before
allowing these lenders to participate in the EZ Guarantee Program.

  FSA expects to allow future expansion of the MLP Status to include other types
of nontraditional lenders once further research is conducted; therefore,
§&thinsp;762.107(b)(3) specifies that FSA will announce future modifications to
acceptable oversight on the FSA Web site. This will allow FSA to include other
lenders as our experience with MLP Status grows.

  In addition to the oversight and portfolio performance criteria, FSA also will
require the lender to demonstrate experience in making the types of loans they
will be requesting FSA to guarantee and the resources to properly make and
service these loans, which is very similar to what FSA requires of its other
lenders. MLPs lending capabilities may be demonstrated by their experience
making and servicing other loans rather than just agricultural loans, as with
other FSA guaranteed lenders.

  As an objective measure of the capability to make and service loans, FSA is
establishing minimum volume and maximum loss rates. These rates will be based on
the lender's entire portfolio. In 7 CFR 762.107(b)(3), FSA requires lenders to
demonstrate significant positive experience in making and servicing loans. The
experience must be that:

  1. The lender has originated 20 or more business loans of $50,000 or less; and


  2. The lender's losses on all business loans of $50,000 or less made over the
past 7 years do not exceed 3 percent.

  Again, to allow for timely modification of these rates as circumstances
change, FSA may modify these rates by posting rates on the FSA Web site.

  Once approved, MLP Status will be valid for 5 years unless revoked by FSA.
This is consistent with the timeframe of FSA's CLP and PLP lender status. FSA
will also reconsider MLP Status in the event a lender's ownership changes, as is
currently done with CLP and PLP lenders.

  An MLP Status lender will be bound by all existing terms specified in FSA's
Lender's Agreement. It will have the same reporting requirements and be subject
to periodic lender review. Unlike FSA's other guaranteed lenders, however, MLP
lenders typically have limited experience with agricultural loans and therefore
will only be able to underwrite loans up to $50,000 under the EZ Guarantee
Program.
 <h3>
  Technical Correction for Chattel Appraisal Appeals</h3>

  FSA is amending the regulations in 7 CFR 761.7(e)(2) to make a technical
correction related to chattel appraisal appeals in connection with both
guaranteed and direct loans. In the FSA final rule published on November 28,
2013, (78 FR 65523-65541), changes made relative to chattel appraisal appeals
specified that the borrower needs to provide an independent appraisal. However,
it was the intent of FSA that the borrower provide an independent appraisal
review by a person that possesses sufficient experience or training to establish
market value of chattel property based on public sales of the same or similar
property in the market area, rather than an entirely new appraisal. Therefore,
this rule is correcting that error in 7 CFR 761.7(e)(2).
 <h3>
  Notice and Comment</h3>

  In general, the Administrative Procedure Act (5 U.S.C. 553) requires that a
notice of proposed rulemaking be published in the Federal Register and
interested persons be given an opportunity to participate in the rulemaking
through submission of written data, views, or arguments with or without
opportunity for oral presentation, except that when the rule involves a matter
relating to public property, loans, grants, benefits, or contracts section 553
does not apply. This rule involved matters relating to loans and is therefore
being published as a final rule without the prior opportunity for comments.
Although FSA is not required to provide the opportunity for comments on this
rule, we are requesting public comments for 90 days to request public input on
the changes.
 <h3>
  Effective Date</h3>

  The Administrative Procedure Act (APA, 5 U.S.C. 553) provides generally that
before rules are issued by Government agencies, the rule is required to be
published in the Federal Register, and the required publication of a substantive
rule is to be not less than 30 days before its effective date. However, as noted
above, one of the exceptions is that section 553 does not apply to rulemaking
that involves a matter relating to loans. Therefore, because this rule relates
to loans, the 30-day effective period requirement in section 553 does not apply.
This final rule is effective when published in the Federal Register. Most FLP
guaranteed loans are established at the beginning of the calendar year;
therefore, implementing this rule quickly will benefit beginning and small farms
starting in 2016, instead of having to wait for 2017.
 <h3>
  Executive Order 12866 and 13563</h3>

  Executive Order 12866, "Regulatory Planning and Review," and Executive Order
13563, "Improving Regulation and Regulatory Review," direct agencies to assess
all costs and benefits of available regulatory alternatives and, if regulation
is necessary, to select regulatory approaches that maximize net benefits
(including potential economic, environmental, public health and safety effects,
distributive impacts, and equity). Executive Order 13563 emphasizes the
importance of quantifying both costs and benefits, of reducing costs, of
harmonizing rules, and of promoting flexibility.

  The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) designated this rule as not
significant under Executive Order 12866 and, therefore, OMB was not required to
review this final rule.
 <h3>
  Regulatory Flexibility Act</h3>

  The Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601-612), as amended by the Small
Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act of 1996 (SBREFA), generally
requires an agency to prepare a regulatory flexibility analysis of any rule
whenever an agency is required by APA or any other law to publish a proposed
rule, unless the agency certifies that the rule will not have a significant
economic impact on a substantial number of small entities. This rule is not
subject to the Regulatory Flexibility Act because it is exempt from notice and
comment rulemaking requirements of the APA and no other law requires that a
proposed rule be published for this rulemaking initiative.
 <h3>
  Environmental Review</h3>

  The environmental impacts of this rule have been considered in a manner
consistent with the provisions of the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA,
42 U.S.C. 4321-4347), the regulations of the Council on Environmental Quality
(40 CFR parts 1500-1508), and the FSA regulations for compliance with NEPA (7
CFR part 799). Through this rule, FSA is establishing the EZ Guarantee Program
to provide a guarantee for OLs and FOs up to $100,000, which are expected to be
most used by beginning farmers and farmers with small farms (farms with annual
gross agricultural products sales from $1,000 to $99,999) with less traditional
farm operations who are not typically FSA Guaranteed loan customers. FSA is
implementing the MLP Status to allow nontraditional lenders to participate in
the EZ Guarantee Program, which is an administrative change. FSA is revising the
existing FLP regulations to make those changes, but it is not changing the
environmental review requirements that apply. The environmental responsibilities
for each prospective applicant will not change from the current process followed
for all FLP actions (7 CFR 799). Each EZ Guarantee Program action will be
reviewed under the existing process to ensure it will not have a significant
impact on the quality of the human environment either individually or
cumulatively. Therefore, FSA will not prepare a programmatic environmental
assessment or environmental impact statement on this rule.
 <h3>
  Executive Order 12372</h3>

  Executive Order 12372, "Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs,"
requires consultation with State and local officials that would be directly
affected by proposed Federal financial assistance. The objectives of the
Executive Order are to foster an intergovernmental partnership and a
strengthened Federalism, by relying on State and local processes for State and
local government coordination and review of proposed Federal Financial
assistance and direct Federal development. For reasons specified in the final
rule related notice regarding 7 CFR part 3015, subpart V (48 FR 29115, June 24,
1983), the programs and activities within this rule are excluded from the scope
of Executive Order 12372.
 <h3>
  Executive Order 12988</h3>

  This rule has been reviewed in accordance with Executive Order 12988, "Civil
Justice Reform." This rule will not preempt State or local laws, regulations, or
policies unless they represent an irreconcilable conflict with this rule. The
rule does not have retroactive effect. Before any judicial action may be brought
regarding the provisions of this rule, the administrative appeal provisions of 7
CFR parts 11 and 780 are to be exhausted.
 <h3>
  Executive Order 13132</h3>

  This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 13132, "Federalism." The
policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial direct effect on
States, on the relationship between the Federal government and the States, or
the distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
government, except as required by law. Nor will this rule impose substantial
direct compliance costs on State and local governments. Therefore, consultation
with the States is not required.
 <h3>
  Executive Order 13175</h3>

  This rule has been reviewed in accordance with the requirements of Executive
Order 13175, "Consultation and Coordination with Indian Tribal Governments."
Executive Order 13175 requires Federal agencies to consult and coordinate with
tribes on a government-to-government basis on policies that have tribal
implications, including regulations, legislative comments or proposed
legislation, and other policy statements or actions that have substantial direct
effects on one or more Indian tribes, on the relationship between the Federal
government and Indian tribes or on the distribution of power and
responsibilities between the Federal government and Indian tribes.

  FSA has assessed the impact of this rule on Indian tribes and determined that
this rule does not, to our knowledge, have tribal implications that require
tribal consultation under Executive Order 13175. If a Tribe requests
consultation, FSA will work with the USDA Office of Tribal Relations to ensure
meaningful consultation is provided.
 <h3>
  Unfunded Mandates</h3>

  Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (UMRA, Pub. L. 104-4)
requires Federal agencies to assess the effects of their regulatory actions on
State, local, or Tribal governments or the private sector. Agencies generally
must prepare a written statement, including a cost benefit analysis, for
proposed and final rules with Federal mandates that may result in expenditures
of $100 million or more in any 1 year for State, local, or Tribal governments,
in the aggregate, or to the private sector. UMRA generally requires agencies to
consider alternatives and adopt the more cost effective or least burdensome
alternative that achieves the objectives of the rule. This rule contains no
Federal mandates, as defined in Title II of UMRA, for State, local, or Tribal
governments, or private sector. Therefore, this rule is not subject to the
requirements of sections 202 and 205 of UMRA.
 <h3>
  Paperwork Reduction Act</h3>

  In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the following new
information collection request that supports the EZ Guarantee Program was
submitted to OMB for emergency approval and is also being submitted to OMB for
the 3-year approval. FSA is requesting comments from interested individuals and
organizations on the information collection activities related to the EZ
Guarantee application process as described in this rule. FSA is currently
modifying the loan application process in order to provide loans to eligible
borrowers through the EZ Guarantee process.

  After OMB approval of the information collection request, FSA will merge this
new information collection request with FSA's approved information collection of
the OMB control number 0560-0155.

  Title: EZ Guarantee Program.

  OMB Control Number: 0560--New.

  Type of Request: New Collection.

  Abstract: This information collection is required to support the regulation in
7 CFR part 762, "Guaranteed Farm Loans," which establishes the requirements for
most of FSA's guaranteed loan programs and the changes in the rule that add the
EZ Guarantee application process, as well as the application for lenders to
receive MLP Status. The information collection established in this rule is
necessary for FSA to evaluate the applicant's request and determine if
eligibility, loan repayment, and security requirements can be met. The
application includes information from the borrower and the lender; in general,
the lender submits the application to FSA electronically. In addition, the
information collection from lenders seeking MLP Status is necessary to ensure
they meet the necessary regulatory standards to make and service agricultural
loans.

  The formulas used to calculate the total burden hours is estimated average
time per response hours times total annual burden hours.

  The estimated Public Burden for the EZ Guarantee and MLP Status are:

  Estimate of Burden: Public reporting for this collection of information is
estimated to average 0.46899 hours. The travel time, which is included in the
total annual burden, is estimated to be 1 hour per respondent.

  Type of Respondents: Individuals or households, businesses or other for
profit, and farms.

  Estimated Number of Respondents: 6,280.

  Estimated Average Number of Responses per Respondent: 1.3.

  Estimated Total Annual Number of Responses: 8,160.

  Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 3,827 hours.

  We are requesting comments on all aspects of this information collection and
to help us:

  1. Evaluate whether the collection of information is necessary for the proper
performance of the FSA functions, including whether the information will have
practical utility;

  2. Evaluate the accuracy of FSA's estimate of burden including the validity of
the methodology and assumptions used;

  3. Enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be
collected; and

  4. Minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to
respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology.

  All comments received in response to this document, including names and
addresses when provided, will be a matter of public record. Comments will be
summarized and included in the submission for OMB approval.
 <h3>
  E-Government Act Compliance</h3>

  FSA is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to promote the use of
the Internet and other information technologies to provide increased
opportunities for citizen access to Government information and services and
other purposes.
 <h3>
  Federal Assistance Programs</h3>

  The title and number of the Federal assistance programs, as found in the
Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance, to which this interim rule would apply
are:

  10.406&emsp;Farm Operating Loans;

  10.407&emsp;Farm Ownership Loans.

  <h2>
   List of Subjects</h2>

   Accounting, Loan programs-agriculture, Rural areas.

   Agriculture, Banks, Banking, Credit, Loan Programs--agriculture.


  For the reasons discussed above, FSA amends 7 CFR parts 761 and 762 as
follows:
 <h2>
  Part 761 Farm Loan Program General Program Administration</h2>


   Regulatory Text


    1. The authority citation for part 761 continues to read as follows:


   <h3>
    Authority:</h3>

    5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.


 <h2>
  Subpart a General Provisions</h2>


   Regulatory Text


    2. Amend §&thinsp;761.2 as follows:



    a. In paragraph (a), add the abbreviation for "MLP" in alphabetical order;
and



    b. In paragraph (b), add the definition of "EZ Guarantee" in alphabetical
order.


   The addition and revision read as follows:
  <h3>
   §&thinsp;761.2 Abbreviations and definitions.</h3>

   * * * * *

   (a) * * *

   * * * * *

   MLP Micro Lender Program.

   * * * * *

   (b) * * *

   * * * * *

   EZ Guarantee means a type of OL or FO of $100,000 or less made using a
simplified loan application. As part of the simplified application process, EZ
Guarantees are processed using a streamlined underwriting method to determine
financial feasibility.

   * * * * *


  §&thinsp;761.7

  [Amended]


   Regulatory Text


    3. Amend §&thinsp;761.7(e)(2) by removing the words "independent appraisal"
in both places and add the words "independent appraisal review" in their place.


 <h2>
  Part 762 Guaranteed Farm Loans</h2>


   Regulatory Text


    4. The authority citation for part 762 continues to read as follows:


   <h3>
    Authority:</h3>

    5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.



    5. Amend §&thinsp;762.101(c) as follows:



    a. In paragraph (c)(2), remove the punctuation and word ", or" and add a
semicolon in their place;



    b. In paragraph (c)(3), remove the period and add the punctuation and word
"; or" in its place; and



    c. Add paragraph (c)(4).


   The addition reads as follows:
  <h3>
   §&thinsp;762.101 Introduction.</h3>

   * * * * *

   (c) * * *

   (4) Micro Lender under §&thinsp;762.107.

   * * * * *


  §&thinsp;762.105

  [Amended]


   Regulatory Text


    6. In §&thinsp;762.105(d)(2) remove "CLP or PLP" and add "CLP, PLP, or MLP"
in its place.



    7. Add §&thinsp;762.107 to read as follows:

  <h3>
   §&thinsp;762.107 Micro Lender Program.</h3>

   (a) General. The lenders must submit the following items:

   (1) To request MLP Status, a lender must submit an application form to any
local FSA office.

   (2) The lender must provide any additional information requested by the
Agency to process an MLP request, if the lender continues with the approval
process.

   (3) MLP lender authorities are limited to originating and servicing EZ
Guarantee loans.

   (b) MLP criteria. An MLP lender must satisfy the following requirements to
obtain MLP Status:

   (1) Have experience in making and servicing business loans.

   (2) Have the staff and resources to properly and efficiently discharge its
loan making and loan servicing responsibilities that may include use of Agency
approved agents.

   (3) Be subject to oversight as established and announced by the Agency on the
FSA Web site (www.fsa.usda.gov).

   (4) Have a loss rate not in excess of the maximum MLP loss rate established
and announced by the Agency on the FSA Web site (www.fsa.usda.gov).

   (5) Have made the minimum number of loans as established and announced by the
Agency on the FSA Web site (www.fsa.usda.gov).

   (6) Not be debarred or suspended from participation in Government contracts
or programs or be delinquent on a Government debt. This includes the lender's
officers and agents.

   (c) Renewal of MLP Status. MLP Status will expire within a period not to
exceed 5 years from the date the lender's agreement is executed, unless a new
lender's agreement is executed.

   (1) Renewal of MLP Status is not automatic. A lender must submit a new
application for renewal.

   (2) MLP Status will be renewed if the applicable eligibility criteria under
this section are met, and no cause exists for denying renewal under paragraph
(d)(1) of this section.

   (d) Revocation of MLP Status. The Agency may revoke the lender's MLP Status
at any time during the 5 year term for cause as specified in paragraph (d)(1) of
this section.

   (1) Any of the following instances constitutes cause for revoking or not
renewing MLP Status:

   (i) Violation of the terms of the lender's agreement;

   (ii) Failure to maintain MLP eligibility criteria;

   (iii) Knowingly submitting false or misleading information to the Agency;

   (iv) Deficiencies that indicate an inability to process or service Agency
guaranteed farm loan programs loans in accordance with this subpart;

   (v) Failure to correct cited deficiencies in loan documents upon notification
by the Agency;

   (vi) Failure to submit status reports in a timely manner; or

   (vii) Failure to comply with the reimbursement requirements of
§&thinsp;762.144(c)(7) and (c)(8).

   (2) A lender that has lost MLP Status may reapply for MLP Status once the
problem that caused the MLP Status to be revoked has been resolved.


    8. Amend §&thinsp;762.110 as follows:



    a. Redesignate paragraphs (a) through (h) as paragraphs (c) through (j);



    b. Add new paragraphs (a) and (b);



    c. Revise newly redesignated paragraphs (c), (d) introductory text, and (f);




    d. In newly redesignated paragraph (e) introductory text, remove the
references "(a)" and (b)" and add the references "(c)" and (d)" in their place;



    e. Remove newly redesignated paragraphs (e)(3) and (4);



    f. Further redesignate newly redesignated paragraph (e)(5) as paragraph
(e)(3).



    g. In newly redesignated paragraph (g)(1), remove the last sentence; and



    h. In newly redesignated paragraph (g)(4), remove "CLP and PLP" and add the
word "All" in their place.


   The additions and revisions read follows:
  <h3>
   §&thinsp;762.110 Loan application.</h3>

   (a) General. This paragraph (a) specifies the general requirements for
guaranteed loan applications:

   (1) Lenders must perform at least the same level of evaluation and
documentation for a guaranteed loan that the lender typically performs for non-
guaranteed loans of a similar type and amount.

   (2) The application thresholds in this section apply to any single loan, or
package of loans submitted for consideration at any one time. A lender must not
split a loan into two or more parts in order to fall below the threshold in
order to avoid additional documentation.

   (3) The Agency may require lenders with a lender loss rate in excess of the
rate for CLP lenders to assemble additional documentation specified in paragraph
(d) of this section.

   (b) EZ Guarantee loans. MLP lenders may submit an EZ Guarantee application
for loans up to $50,000. All other lenders may submit EZ Guarantee applications
for loans up to $100,000. Lenders must submit:

   (1) An EZ Guarantee application form.

   (2) If the loan fails to pass the underwriting criteria for EZ Guarantee
approval in §&thinsp;762.125(d), or the responses in the application are
insufficient for the Agency to make a loan decision, the lender must provide
additional information as requested by the Agency.

   (c) Loans up to $125,000. Lenders must submit the following items for loans
up to $125,000 (other than EZ Guarantees):

   (1) The application form;

   (2) Loan narrative, including a plan for servicing the loan;

   (3) Balance sheet;

   (4) Cash flow budget; and

   (5) Credit report.

   (d) Loans over $125,000. A complete application for loans over $125,000 will
require items specified in paragraph (c) of this section, plus the following
items:

   * * * * *

   (f) CL Guarantees. In addition to the other requirements in this section, the
following items apply when a lender is requesting a CL guarantee:

   (1) Lenders must submit a copy of the conservation plan or Forest Stewardship
Management Plan;

   (2) Lenders must submit plans to transition to organic or sustainable
agriculture when the funds requested will be used to facilitate the transition
and the lender is requesting consideration for priority funding;

   (3) When CL guarantee applicants meet all the following criteria, the cash
flow budget requirement in this section will be waived:

   (i) Be current on all payments to all creditors including the Agency (if
currently an Agency borrower);

   (ii) Debt to asset ratio is 40 percent or less;

   (iii) Balance sheet indicates a net worth of 3 times the requested loan
amount or greater; and

   (iv) FICO credit score is at least 700; for entity applicants, the FICO
credit score of the majority of the individual members of the entity must be at
least 700.

   * * * * *


    9. Amend §&thinsp;762.125 as follows:



    a. Revise paragraphs (a) introductory text and (b) introductory text; and



    b. Add paragraph (d).


   The revisions and addition read as follows:
  <h3>
   §&thinsp;762.125 Financial feasibility.</h3>

   (a) General. Except for streamlined CL guarantees (see §&thinsp;762.110(f)),
the following requirements must be met:

   * * * * *

   (b) Estimating production. Except for streamlined CL guarantees (see
§&thinsp;762.110(f)), the following requirements must be met:

   * * * * *

   (d) EZ Guarantee feasibility. Notwithstanding any other provision of this
section:

   (1) The Agency will evaluate EZ Guarantee application financial feasibility
using criteria determined and announced by the Agency on the FSA Web site
(www.fsa.usda.gov).

   (2) EZ Guarantee applications that satisfy the criteria will be determined to
meet the financial feasibility standards in this section.

   (3) EZ Guarantee applications that do not satisfy the criteria will require
further documentation as determined by the Agency and announced on the FSA Web
site (www.fsa.usda.gov).


  §&thinsp;762.128

  [Amended]


   Regulatory Text


    10. Amend §&thinsp;762.128(a) by removing "CLP and PLP" and adding "CLP,
PLP, and MLP" in its place.



    11. Amend §&thinsp;762.140 by revising the introductory text of paragraph
(b)(5) and adding paragraph (b)(5)(v) to read as follows:

  <h3>
   §&thinsp;762.140 General servicing responsibilities.</h3>

   * * * * *

   (b) * * *

   (5) Performing an annual analysis of the borrower's financial condition to
determine the borrower's progress for all term loans with aggregate balances
greater than $100,000 and all line of credit loans. The annual analysis will
include:

   * * * * *

   (v) For borrowers with an outstanding loan balance for existing term loans of
$100,000 or less, the need for an annual analysis will be determined by the
Agency for SEL, CLP, and MLP lenders. The annual analysis for PLP lenders will
be in accordance with requirements in lender's credit management system (CMS).

   * * * * *



   Val Dolcini,

   Administrator, Farm Service Agency.

 [FR Doc. 2016-25492 Filed 10-20-16; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 3410-05-P


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             131 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 24, 2013

AG Department offers businesses guaranteed loans

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 230  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development office serving Delaware
has about $6.3 million available from its business and industry guaranteed loan
program to promise before July 1.

"We don't want people to be confused that because we are USDA that we only make
loans to farmers," said Kathy Beisner, USDA Rural Development acting state
director. "USDA also guarantees loans to new or existing businesses. We
encourage businesses to contact us, or talk to their local bank to apply as
early as possible."

The program provides loan guarantees to lending institutions for businesses to
retain or add jobs and improve, develop or buy land, buildings, machinery or
supplies.

Any business except farms, golf courses and those that receive more than 10
percent of their revenue from gambling are eligible for the loan guarantee.

The business must be in an area with a population of 50,000 or fewer.

"We encourage financial institutions, including community banks and Farm Credit
to give us a call," Beisner said. "And as a reminder to the banks, the
guaranteed portion of the loan can be sold onto the secondary market which would
provide additional fee income."

Contact one of the Rural Development representatives for more information: Bruce
Weaver at 302-857-3629 or Letitia Nichols at 302-857-3628. They can also be
reached at bruce.weaver@de.usda.gov or Letitia.nichols@de.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2013 Cape Gazette


                             132 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Federal Regulation Needed for Securities Backed by Pooled Farm Loans, SEC Says

                            October 2, 1987, Friday

By Richard Gotcher

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Oct. 1


The Securities and Exchange Commission today recommended that securities backed
by pooled farm loans and originated by a proposed Farm Credit System secondary
market be subject to disclosure and reporting provisions of the federal
securities laws.

Daniel L. Goelzer, SEC general counsel, told the House Energy and Commerce
Committee's telecommunications and finance subcommittee that provisions of the
pending Agricultural Credit Act of 1987 create a security that the SEC should
regulate.

The proposed farm aid bill would set up a secondary market for farm real estate
loans and back it with $1.5 billion of federal guarantees.

A new agency, the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp., also called Farmer Mac,
would monitor operations of the secondary market. Commercial banks that are not
part of the Farm Credit System would be allowed to participate in the pooled
loans program.

Mr. Goelzer said the SEC feels that securities issued under Farmer Mac auspices
would be less certain of receiving full payment in the event of default than
those offered by or guaranteed through government agencies, such as the Federal
Home Loan Mortgage Corp. and the Federal National Mortgage Association. He said
the SEC also objected to provisions that would exempt farm loan securities from
federal regulatory scrutiny.

"It appears that the farm loan securities would be neither issued by nor
guaranteed in full by an agency or instrumentality of the United States," he
said.  "Therefore, the commission does not believe that an exemption for these
securities from commission oversight under the federal securities law is
warranted."

The SEC has concluded that Farmer Mac would not fully guarantee the farm loan
securities because of two sections contained in the legislation.  One section
states that each security issued will "clearly indicate" that it is neither a
debt nor an obligation of the federal government. The other section says Farmer
Mac is responsible for only 90% of the debt involved, so investors would have to
rely on an issuer's loan loss reserve or subordinated interest for the rest of
their money in the event of default.

Mr. Goelzer said those two sections show that "Congress intends to provide less
than a full guarantee of principal and interest on the securities issued
pursuant to this legislation." Without full guarantees, he added, those
securities should be subject to SEC regulations.

The secondary market provision is Title III of a farm credit bailout measure
that is two-thirds completed in the House.  Strong opposition to the creation of
a secondary market forced House Agriculture Committee leaders to give in to a
deal that suspends action on Title III until Oct. 7. Opponents are using the
extra time to scrutinize the measure and are preparing amendments that would
kill or substantially tighten Title III.

Rep. Edward J. Markey, D-Mass., chairman of the telecommunications subcommittee,
said it is wrong to compare securities that would be offered by Farmer Mac to
issues originating with Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae. He said residential mortgage
loans are "considerably less risky than the farm loans" and are fully guaranteed
by the government.

"All of this does not mean a secondary market should not be created for farm
loans, but it does mean that identical exemption from the securities laws is a
troublesome proposition," Mr. Markey said.  "The key question is the extent of
the guarantee that is built into Farmer Mac."

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 585 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1987 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             133 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              May 10, 2009 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Farmers hurt by bank loss to get aid Feds to offer loans in time for spring
planting after the closing of New Frontier.

BYLINE: Colleen O'Connor The Denver Post

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-02

LENGTH: 300 words


Hundreds of distressed family farmers hurt by the closure of New Frontier Bank,
which specialized in agriculture loans, will receive assistance from the Farm
Service Agency in time for spring planting.

U.S. Sens. Michael Bennet and Mark Udall, and Rep. Betsy Markey, all Colorado
Democrats, announced Saturday that the Farm Service Agency will free more money
in the form of direct operating loans.

The lawmakers had sent a letter requesting assistance to Agriculture Secretary
Tom Vilsack, who then authorized a transfer of unused FSA subsidized guaranteed
operating loan funds into the agency's direct operating fund.

"He made a quick decision," Bennet said. "It's not just about the change in
direct loan amounts. He also said that the USDA will send more personnel to help
farmers with the loan application process, which is tremendous.

"Lots of people are concerned with a very immediate problem, so all hands on
deck means that people's difficulties will be solved more quickly."

About 1,900 family farmers will receive direct operating loan assistance, and
620 family farmers will receive guaranteed operating loan funds.

"I'm glad to see that the agriculture secretary will be here on Monday," Bennet
said about Vilsack's planned meetings in Fort Morgan and Fort Collins.

Many farmers were left in a credit bind with the closure last month of Greeley's
New Frontier Bank, on top of a significant drop in prices for milk and other
farm products.

Dairies and other livestock companies struggled to secure bank credit to fund
spring planting, cow feed and farmhand labor costs.

There are more than 60 dairies in Colorado. More than a third depended on New
Frontier Bank loans, and many feared the bank closure would mean the end of
their family farms.

Colleen O'Connor: 303-954-1083

or coconnor@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             134 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             June 4, 1981 Thursday

Critics say program not publicized   Only third of budget used   in Ontario farm
-aid plan

BYLINE: KEVIN COX; GAM

LENGTH: 654 words


By  KEVIN COX
   An Ontario program set up six years ago to underwrite $25-million in
 young farmers' loans has used only a third of its budget because most
 farmers in financial trouble don't know about it or qualify for it.

Although Agriculture Minister Lorne Henderson repeatedly uses the
 program as an example of how the province helps out farmers facing
 bankruptcy, only three farmers have had their loans guaranteed in the past
 two months under the Ontario Young Farmers Credit Program.

In the first four months of this year 57 Ontario farmers, plagued by
 high interest rates and low meat prices, declared bankruptcy.

From April 1, 1980, to March 31, 1981, 17 farmers had their loans
 guaranteed under the program, but 123 Ontario farmers went bankrupt in
 1980.

Since 1975 the program has guaranteed about $8.9-million in loans to
 309 farmers out of its budget of $25-million, said Norman Watson, head of
 the rural development branch of the Ministry of Agriculture.

The applicants are screened by a financial review committee of four
 civil servants. Mr. Henderson has promised to appoint a farmer to that
 committee.

Mr. Watson said the province has had to pay out money when 2 per cent
 of the provincially backed loans failed.

The loan guarantees are available only to farmers under 35 and are
 given out to those who are unable to establish a line of credit to either
 buy, expand or even keep their farms going, Mr. Watson said.

The maximum interest rate on the loans is 1 percentage point above the
 prime rate, he said.
    "It's looked on as a place of last resort by a lot of farmers," said
 Mr. Watson. "In many cases the banks are hesitant to finance young farmers
 who don't have financial backing," he said.

He said it might appear few farmers are using the program, but many
 used lower-interest federal Farm Improvement Loans instead.

Marie Bright, Ontario co-ordinator of the National Farmers Union,
 thought the program had been dropped earlier this year.
    "I suspect not many farmers used this money because the program wasn't
 well-known," she said. "If it's still going, there is a lot of
 misinformation around."
    She said the terms of the program were ridiculous because they excluded
 farmers over 35 and didn't do anything to lower farm interest rates, which
 are now about 21 per cent.

Brian Ireland, a Bruce County director of the Ontario Federation of
 Agriculture, said a neighbor of his tried for six months to get a loan
 guarantee under the program but couldn't get through the red tape.
    "That program does absolutely no good at all, but Henderson maintains
 he's helping all kinds of people with it," Mr. Ireland said.
    "It's just another piece of nonsense Henderson is throwing around and
 that kind of thing is getting a lot farmers frustrated. They are going to
 have to get militant," he said.

Mr. Ireland vowed to confront Mr. Henderson about the program when the
 minister and several other provincial and federal politicians attend a
 seminar on the farm economy in Toronto this afternoon.

Jack Hale, general manager of the Ontario Federation of Agriculture,
 said most farmers wouldn't use the program because the interest rates were
 too high.
    "Money at those interest rates is undesirable and unpalatable," he
 said.

The federation has been pressing Mr. Henderson to introduce low-
 interest loans for farmers and to review any future farm foreclosures.

Mr. Henderson acknowledges that the program hasn't been well-publicized
 and he told reporters last week he'd send out a directive to agricultural
 offices about the program.
    "The financial review  committee has investigated a great number of
 cases over the last few months," he said.

Mr. Henderson said he is hearing from many farmers in financial trouble
 because they can't pay the high interest rates or get extended credit from
 the banks.

But he has refused to bring in any interest-rate relief, saying the
 policy is the fault of the federal Government.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1981 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             135 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                             June 16, 2005 Thursday

FSA Rate Regulations Vague,Gold Banc Says in Lawsuit

BYLINE: Ben Jackson

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 4 Vol. 170 No. 115

LENGTH: 620  words


Having been a defendant in four lawsuits in connection with loans

guaranteed by the Farm Service Agency, Gold Banc Corp. Inc. of Leawood, Kan.,

has filed a suit of its own -- against the agency.

The $4.3 billion-asset company claims in its suit, filed June 7, that the

regulatory language on the rates banks can charge borrowers on FSA-guaranteed

loans are "unconstitutionally vague."

"People of common intelligence must necessarily guess at their meaning

and differ as to their application," Gold said in documents filed in federal

court in Kansas City, Kan.

A company representative, asked to discuss the matter, would not go

beyond the disclosure in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing.

As defendants the suit names the FSA; the Department of Agriculture, of

which it is a part; and Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns.

The FSA's handbook says the interest rate on a loan with a guarantee

cannot exceed the rate the lender charges its "average" agricultural loan

customer. "Average," however, is not defined.

Bankers who use the loan-guarantee program said they will be following

the suit closely. Some said they do not mind the vagueness because it gives

them flexibility -- which they said they could lose if the suit went forward.

The agency provides loan guarantees to farm lenders for as much as 95% of

the principal amount. The program is aimed largely at borrowers who might not

otherwise get credit. Borrowers must apply for loans through traditional

lenders, which then request the guarantees.

Interest rates on guaranteed loans first became a problem for Gold when

it was trying to sell itself to Silver Acquisition Corp. last year.

Last June, Gold revealed that it was the defendant in a qui tam lawsuit

-- a secret suit filed by a private individual on behalf of the government.

The suit accused the company of charging excessive rates on FSA-guaranteed

loans.

The suit was settled in principle last August for $16 million, but the

settlement contributed to the termination of the sale, under a

material-adverse-effects clause. And that suit was only the beginning of

Gold's FSA headaches.

In a September suit, another group of plaintiffs alleged the same

overcharging. That suit was dismissed in January.

The plaintiffs refiled in another court. That suit was dismissed with

prejudice in May; the plaintiffs can appeal.

And on June 7, Gold announced that another suit claiming it had

overcharged on FSA-guaranteed loans had been certified as a class action.

Gold said it planned to appeal the class-action order.

Other bankers say they have not had such problems with their guaranteed

loans. They say the suit could make the program harder to use if it forced

the agency to become more specific on how lenders may set rates.

Michael Jorgensen, the president of the $30 million-asset Nebraska State

Bank in Oshkosh, said that though he would like protection from the kinds of

lawsuits Gold has faced, he does not want the government dictating what he

can charge on guaranteed loans. In other words, he has no problem with the

ambiguous language in the regulations.

"By limiting the rate" Nebraska State can charge, Mr. Jorgensen said, the

FSA would make it "noncompetitive with other lenders."

Gary F. Sipiorski, the president of the $101 million-asset Citizens State

Bank of Loyal, Wis., said he also likes the flexibility of the loan program.

Though he is grateful that it enables Citizens to help farmers who might

otherwise not get a loan, he said banks should set the rates.

"I certainly don't want FSA telling me what to charge," Mr. Sipiorski

said. "They don't know what my funding sources are," so guaranteed loans

could cease to be profitable if Citizens State could not set its own rates.

http://www.americanbanker.com http://www.sourcemedia.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo, Sipiorski

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: a


                        Copyright 2005 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             136 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Mail Tribune (Medford, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 27, 2008 Saturday

Mail Tribune, Medford, Ore., business briefs column

BYLINE: Mail Tribune, Medford, Ore.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 362 words


Sep. 27--GRANGE CO-OP BUYS RAY'S IN KLAMATH FALLS: range Co-op said Friday it
has purchased the former Ray's Food warehouse at 2525 Washburn Way in Klamath
Falls.

The location is about five times larger than Grange Co-op's present Klamath
Falls store just down the street. The Central Point-based co-op hasn't set an
opening date for its new location.

In September 2005, Grange Co-op acquired American Feed & Farm Supply stores in
Klamath Falls and Grants Pass.

LIFE SKILS COUNSELING CENTER OPENS IN MEDFORD: Neways Counseling & Life Skills
LLC has opened a Medford location at 107 E. Main St., Suite 4.

Mary Martin specializes in treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity
disorder, trauma, anxiety and depression with a Christian perspective. She is
trained in eye movement desensitization and reprocessing and biofeedback.

Martin can be reached at 941-9246. The firm's Ashland office is at 385 E. Main
St., Suite 1.

FSA INCREASES LIMIT FOR GUARANTEED LOANS: The Farm Service Agency in Oregon has
announced that effective Oct. 1, the maximum loan limit for FSA's guaranteed
loan program will be $1,094,000. The limit had been $949,000.

Earlier it was announced that the new Farm Bill also raised FSA's direct loan
limit to $300,000, up from the prior $200,000 limit. The increased guarantee and
direct loan limits reflect rising costs affecting farmers and ranchers.

Operating loans may be used to purchase livestock, farm equipment, feed, seed,
fuel, farm chemicals, insurance and other operating expenses. Operating loans
also can be used to pay for minor improvements to buildings, costs associated
with land and water development, family living expenses and to refinance debts
under certain conditions.

For information, contact Joe Hess at 776-4270, ext. 2.

To see more of the Mail Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.mailtribune.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Mail Tribune, Medford, Ore.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080927-ME-BIZ-BRIEFS-20080927

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ME


                          Copyright 2008 Mail Tribune


                             137 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                          September 21, 2006 Thursday

Will Farm Agency Increase Its Fees for Loan Guarantees?

BYLINE: Ben Jackson

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 5 Vol. 171 No. 182

LENGTH: 636  words


The federal government's new fiscal year is less than two weeks away, but

the Agriculture Department has not decided whether to raise fees on a loan

guarantee program popular with farmers and ranchers -- and their lenders.

Borrowers, lenders, and both houses of Congress oppose a fee hike, but if

Congress does not pass an Agriculture Department appropriations bill before

adjourning to campaign for midterm elections, the department would have the

authority to raise fees on loans guaranteed by its Farm Service Agency.

If the fees are raised, borrowers who could least afford it would be

paying considerably more for loans, said Jeff Wolfgram, a vice president at

the $623 million-asset First Dakota National Bank in Yankton, S.D.

He said his bank uses the guarantees to help farmers who have run into

troubles because of higher energy costs and bad weather.

"Some of the user fee increases ... [the Agriculture Department] is

talking about implementing could be a huge hurdle to the borrower," Mr.

Wolfgram said. "We're talking about paying the government two to three times

more" to use the agency's program.

So far the Farm Service Agency is not tipping its hand. Stevin Wescott, a

spokesman for the agency, would not discuss the matter, except to say, "A

final decision is pending on the fee increase."

The agency guarantees up to 95% of a loan that a bank makes to a farmer

or a rancher. As of Aug. 31 it had guaranteed more than 9,300 farm ownership

and operating loans valued at more than $2 billion this fiscal year.

Historically, the agency's loan losses have been covered through a

congressional appropriation, but a proposal in the Bush administration's

fiscal 2007 budget would fund the losses with higher user fees instead.

The increase was proposed to make the program self-funding and reduce its

costs to the government. The change is modeled after one made to the Small

Business Administration's funding in 2004.

The American Bankers Association estimates that the Farm Service Agency's

fees, currently 90 basis points on the amount borrowed, would rise to 150

basis points for farm ownership loans and 200 basis points for operating

loans.

Bankers have been lobbying against a fee increase since it was proposed

in February.

Both the House and the Senate Agriculture Department appropriations bills

include provisions that would prohibit any future fee increases without

congressional approval. However, the two bills have not been reconciled, and

it is unlikely they will be by the time the new fiscal year begins Oct. 1.

As the law stands now, the Agriculture Department has the authority to

raise or lower fees as it sees fit.

Congress is likely to approve an appropriations bill when it returns for

a lame-duck session in November, but under the current bills it would have

the authority only to prevent future fee increases.

Still, Nancy Baerwald, a vice president with the $39 million-asset

CountryBank USA in Cando, N.D., said she hopes that the Agriculture

Department abandons the idea to raise fees in the face of congressional

opposition.

All of North Dakota's counties have been declared disaster areas, because

some parts of the state have gotten too much rain, while others have not

received enough, she said.

"A lot of the help is coming across in low-interest loans or guaranteed

loans. Assessing a [higher] fee is just penalizing the very people who are

struggling to survive as it is," Ms. Baerwald said.

Gary Sipiorski, the president of the $111 million-asset Citizens State

Bank of Loyal, Wis., said his dairy farmer customers are getting 1975 prices

for their milk but are facing 2006 costs.

The Farm Service Agency's guarantees let banks like his make low-interest

loans to risky borrowers, and higher fees would make it harder for borrowers

to pay off their loans, he said.

http://www.americanbanker.com http://www.sourcemedia.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: a


                        Copyright 2006 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             138 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 1, 2015 Monday

Funding Availability: Strategic Economic and Community Development Programs

LENGTH: 2483  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, DC


This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business Cooperative Service (RBS)

Action

Notice.
Summary

Section 6025 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill) enables the
Secretary of Agriculture to provide priority to projects that support Strategic
Economic and Community Development plans. This Notice invites applicants who
have submitted or will be submitting applications for the programs (referred to
as "underlying programs") in Fiscal Year 2015.

For FY 2015, projects eligible for Section 6025 priority points will compete one
time with all other projects eligible for the applicable underlying program's
year-end pool of funds. These priority points are not eligible to projects
competing for FY 2015 funding prior to the program's year-end pool of funds
competition.

All applicants are responsible for any additional expenses incurred in preparing
and submitting Form RD 1980-88.
Dates

To apply for Section 6025 priority points, applicants must submit Form RD
1980-88, "Strategic Economic and Community Development (section 6025) Priority,"
by 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on July 31, 2015.
Addresses

Submit Form RD 1980-88 to the USDA Rural Development Area Office servicing the
area where the project is located. A list of the USDA Rural Development Area
Offices can be found listed by state at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices.
For Further Information Contact

Please contact the USDA Rural Development Area Office servicing the area where
the project will be located.
Supplementary Information
Overview

Solicitation Title: Strategic Economic and Community Development.

Announcement Type: Notice.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number: 10.351, 10.760, 10.766 and
10.768.

All active CFDA programs can be found at www.cfda.gov.

Dates: For the list of dates please refer back to the summary section above.

Availability of Notice: This Notice is available through the USDA Rural
Development Web site at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/about-rd/offices/community-economic-development.
I. Funding Opportunity Description
A. Purpose

The purpose of Section 6025 of the 2014 Farm Bill is to give priority to
projects that support strategic economic development or community development
plans when applying for funds through the underlying programs. This Notice
provides applicants with eligible projects the opportunity to receive additional
priority when competing for one of the underlying program's year-end pool of
funds for Fiscal Year 2015.
B. Statutory Authority

This priority is authorized under Section 6025 of the 2014 Farm Bill.
C. Programs

Based on Section 6025 of the 2014 Farm Bill, the Agency is making available
additional priority points for projects that support strategic economic or
community development plans to the following Rural Development programs:

Community Facility Loans
    Fire and Rescue and Other Small Community Facilities Projects
    Community Facilities Grants
    Community Programs Guaranteed Loans
    Water and Waste Disposal Programs Guaranteed Loans
    Water and Waste Loans and Grants
    Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans
    Rural Business Development Grants

II. Award Information

Type of Awards: Guaranteed loans, direct loans and Grants.

Fiscal Year Funds: FY 2015; year-end pools of funds only.

Available Funds: The amount of funds available will depend on the amount of
funds available at the time of year-end pooling and will vary among the
underlying programs.

Award Amounts: Guaranteed loans, direct loans and grants will be awarded in
amounts consistent with each applicable underlying program.

Award Dates: Awards will be made on or before September 30, 2015.
III. Eligibility Information
A. Eligible Requirements

In order to be considered for Section 6025 priority points, both the applicant
and project must meet the eligibility requirements of the underlying program.
These requirements vary among the underlying programs and the applicant is
referred to the regulations for those programs.

The regulation implementing the Section 6025 priority does not make any changes
to any of the applicant eligibility requirements of the underlying programs.
However, the Section 6025 regulation does include three criteria that a project
must meet in order to be considered for Section 6025 priority points (see 7 CFR
1980.1010).

The first criterion, as noted above, is that the project meets the applicable
eligibility requirements of the underlying program for which the applicant is
applying.

The second criterion is that the project is "carried out solely in a rural area"
as defined in 7 CFR 1980.1005. As defined, this means either the entire project
is physically located in a rural area or all of the beneficiaries of the
service(s) provided through the project must either reside in or be located in a
rural area. Note that the definition of "rural" varies among the underlying
programs and the Section 6025 regulation does not change those definitions.

The third criterion is that the project support the implementation of a
strategic economic development or community development plan on a
multi-jurisdictional basis as defined in 7 CFR 1980.1005.
B. Cost Sharing or Matching

Any and all cost sharing, matching, and cost participation requirements of the
applicable underlying program apply to projects seeking Section 6025 priority
points. The Section 6025 regulation does not change such requirements.
C. Other Eligibility Requirements

Any and all other eligibility requirements (beyond those identified in III.A of
this Notice) found in the underlying programs apply to applicants, their
projects, and the beneficiaries of those projects are unchanged by either this
Notice or the Section 6025 regulation.
IV. Form RD 1980-88
A. Address To Request Form RD 1980-88

Applicants responding to this Notice should contact the Rural DevelopmentArea
Office identified in theADDRESSESportion of this Notice to obtain copies of Form
RD 1980-88 and any supplemental information.
B. Content

To be considered for Section 6025 priority points, applicants must submit a
complete Form RD 1980-88. This form requests such information as (see 7 CFR
1980.1015):

Identification of whether the applicant includes a State, county, municipal, or
tribal government;
    Identification by name of the plan being supported by the project, the date
the plan became effective and is to remain in effect, and a detailed description
of how the project directly supports one or more of the plan's objectives;
    Sufficient information to show that the project will be carried out solely
in a rural area; and
    Identification of any current or previous applications the applicant has
submitted for funds from the underlying programs.

C. Submission of Form RD 1980-88

If an applicant has already submitted an application for one of the underlying
programs and the applicant wishes to be considered for Section 6025 priority
points, that applicant must submit Form RD 1980-88 by close of business on the
date listed in theDATESsection of this Notice for that program.

If an applicant has not submitted an application for one of the underlying
programs and that program is still accepting applications for FY 2015 funding,
the applicant must submit Form RD 1980-88 at the same time the applicant submits
the application material for the underlying program. However, in no case will
Section 6025 priority points be considered for projects whose applications are
received after close of business on the date listed in theDATESsection of this
Notice for the applicable program.
D. Completeness Eligibility

Failure to submit a complete Form RD 1980-88 may result in not receiving Section
6025 priority points.
V. Application Evaluation and Selection for Year-End Pool of Funds

All FY 2015 applications for underlying programs will be reviewed, evaluated,
and scored based on the underlying program's scoring criteria. This Notice does
not affect that process. This Notice only affects the scoring of applications
being competed for an underlying program's year-end pool of funds.
A. Scoring of Applications

All eligible and complete applications competing for an underlying program's
year-end pool of funds will be evaluated and scored based on the criteria of the
applicable underlying program, whether or not the applicant seeks Section 6025
priority points by submitting Form RD 1980-88 in accordance with this Notice.

For applicants wishing to be considered for Section 6025 priority points as
described in this Notice, the Agency will review, evaluate, and score each Form
RD 1980-88 based on the criteria specified in 7 CFR 1980.1020. These criteria
address:

The proposed project's direct support of the objectives found in the strategic
economic development or community development plan that it supports (7 CFR
1980.1020(b)(1)) and
    Certain characteristics (as specified in the authorizing statute) of
strategic economic development or community plan that the proposed project
support (7 CFR 1980.1020(b)(2)).

The scores from these two areas will be summed with the score derived from the
underlying programs' criteria. Applications for the underlying programs that do
not submit Form 1980-88 for Section 6025 priority will be scored based only on
the applicable underlying program's scoring criteria. Thus, applications
supplemented with Form RD 1980-88 will be eligible for a higher total score than
applications without Form RD 1980-88 and will, in general, receive higher
priority for funding.
B. Selection Process

The Agency will select the highest scoring applications competing for an
underlying program's year-end pool of funds based on the award process for the
underlying program to determine which projects receive funds except that:

An application's total score will be determined in accordance with section V.A.
of this Notice and
    To the extent provided by the underlying programs in this Notice, the Agency
will encourage awarding "Section 6025 priority" applications in as many States
and for as many of the underlying programs as possible by awarding discretionary
points provided for diversification or other permissible purposes.

VI. Award Administration Information
A. Award Notices

The Agency will notify applicants who receive funding from the year-end pool of
funds in a manner consistent with award notifications for the underlying
program.
B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

Any and all additional requirements of the applicable underlying programs apply
to projects receiving funding in response to this Notice. Please see the
regulations for the applicable underlying program.
C. Reporting Requirements

Any and all post-award reporting requirements contained in the underlying
program apply to all projects receiving funding in response to this Notice.

Applicants who are selected for funding in response to this Notice (i.e., those
applicants who submit Form RD 1980-88 and receive funding from the underlying
program's year-end pool of funds) are required to submit information in
accordance with 7 CFR 1980.1026. This information is on the project's measures,
metrics, and outcomes that the awardee would already be submitting to the
appropriate entity(ies) monitoring the implementation of the plan.
VII. Agency Contacts

For general questions about this announcement, please contact your USDA Rural
Development Area Office provided in theADDRESSESsection of this Notice.
VIII. Additional Information
Paperwork Reduction Act

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the information
collection requirements contained in 7 CFR part 1980, subpart K, have been
approved by OMB under OMB Control Number 0570-0068 via emergency approval.
National Environmental Policy Act

This Notice of Solicitation of Applications has been reviewed in accordance with
7 CFR part 1940, subpart G, "Environmental Program." The issuance of regulations
and instructions, as well as amendments to them, describing administrative and
financial procedures for the Agency's financial programs is categorically
excluded in the Agency's NEPA regulation. Thus, in accordance with the National
Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321-4347), the Agency has
determined that this notice does not constitute a major Federal action
significantly affecting the quality of the human environment.
Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act

All applicants, in accordance with 2 CFR part 25, must have a DUNS number, which
can be obtained at no cost via a toll-free request line at 1-866-705-5711 or
online at http://fedgov.dnb.com/webor. Similarly, all grant applicants must be
registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to submitting an
application. Applicants may register for the SAM at http://www.sam.gov. All
recipients of Federal financial grant assistance are required to report
information about first-tier sub-awards and executive total compensation in
accordance with 2 CFR part 170.
Nondiscrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing, or have speech disabilities and wish
to file either an EEO or program complaint may contact USDA through the Federal
Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).
Dated: May 22, 2015.
Lisa Mensah,
Under Secretary, Rural Development.
[FR Doc. 2015-13100 Filed 5-29-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             139 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 29, 2016 Saturday

Washington: USDA Announces Streamlined Guaranteed Loans and Additional Lender
Category for Small-Scale Operators

LENGTH: 823 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture  has issued the following
news release:



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) today announced the availability of a
streamlined version of USDA guaranteed loans, which are tailored for smaller
scale farms and urban producers. The program, called EZ Guarantee Loans, uses a
simplified application process to help beginning, small, underserved and family
farmers and ranchers apply for loans of up to $100,000 from USDA-approved
lenders to purchase farmland or finance agricultural operations.





 "Over the past seven years, we have been transforming our loan programs at USDA
so that they can be attainable and useful to all kinds and sizes of producers,"
said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "These EZ Guarantee Loans will help
beginning and underserved farmers obtain the capital they need to get their
operations off the ground, and they can also be helpful to those who have been
farming for some time but need extra help to expand or modernize their
operations. USDA's Farm Service Agency has offices in nearly every county in the
country, and we encourage all farmers, including those in urban areas, to stop
in and inquire about this program."



 USDA today also unveiled a new category of lenders that will join traditional
lenders, such as banks and credit unions, in offering USDA EZ Guarantee Loans.
Microlenders, which include Community Development Financial Institutions and
Rural Rehabilitation Corporations, will be able to offer their customers up to
$50,000 of EZ Guaranteed Loans, helping to reach urban areas and underserved
producers. Banks, credit unions and other traditional USDA-approved lenders, can
offer customers up to $100,000 to help with agricultural operation costs.



 According to the 2012 Census of Agriculture, 75 percent of all farm operations
gross less than $50,000 per year. EZ Guarantee Loans offer low interest rates
and terms up to seven years for financing operating expenses and 40 years for
financing the purchase of farm real estate. USDA-approved lenders can issue
these loans with the Farm Service Agency (FSA) guaranteeing the loan up to 95
percent.



 USDA is providing a 90-day period for the public to review and comment on
program improvements. To review program details, visit www.regulations.gov,
reference RIN 0560-AI34 and follow the instructions to submit comments.



 More than half of all FSA loans go to new farmers and more than a quarter to
underserved borrowers. FSA also offers loans of up to $5,000 to young farmers
and ranchers though the Youth Loan Program. Loans are made to eligible youth to
finance agricultural projects, with almost 9,000 young people now participating.
More information about the available types of FSA farm loans can be found at
www.fsa.usda.gov/farmloans or by contacting your local FSA office. To find your
nearest office location, visit http://offices.usda.gov.



 USDA's EZ Guarantee Loans are an additional tool to support strong local and
regional food systems, as well as organic agriculture. Across USDA, the Know
Your Farmer, Know Your Food Initiative coordinates the Department's policy,
resources, and outreach efforts related to local and regional food systems. Over
the past seven years, USDA has helped provide consumers a stronger connection to
their food with more than $1 billion in investments to over 40,000 local and
regional food businesses and infrastructure projects since 2009. Industry data
estimates that U.S. local food sales totaled at least $12 billion in 2014, up
from $5 billion in 2008.Learn more about USDA investments connecting producers
with consumers and expanding rural economic opportunities online at USDA Results
- New Markets, New Opportunities.



 USDA works to strengthen and support American agriculture, an industry that
supports one in 11 American jobs, provides American consumers with more than 80
percent of the food we consume, ensures that Americans spend less of their
paychecks at the grocery store than most people in other countries, and supports
markets for homegrown renewable energy and materials. Since 2009, USDA has
provided $5.6 billion in disaster relief to farmers and ranchers; expanded risk
management tools with products like Whole Farm Revenue Protection; and helped
farm businesses grow with $36 billion in farm credit. The Department has engaged
its resources to support a strong next generation of farmers and ranchers by
improving access to land and capital; building new markets and market
opportunities; and extending new conservation opportunities. USDA has developed
new markets for rural-made products, including more than 2,700 biobased products
through USDA's BioPreferred program; and invested $64 billion in infrastructure
and community facilities to help improve the quality of life in rural America.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             140 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 29, 2016 Saturday

Washington: USDA Announces Streamlined Guaranteed Loans and Additional Lender
Category for Small-Scale Operators

LENGTH: 823 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture  has issued the following
news release:



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) today announced the availability of a
streamlined version of USDA guaranteed loans, which are tailored for smaller
scale farms and urban producers. The program, called EZ Guarantee Loans, uses a
simplified application process to help beginning, small, underserved and family
farmers and ranchers apply for loans of up to $100,000 from USDA-approved
lenders to purchase farmland or finance agricultural operations.





 "Over the past seven years, we have been transforming our loan programs at USDA
so that they can be attainable and useful to all kinds and sizes of producers,"
said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "These EZ Guarantee Loans will help
beginning and underserved farmers obtain the capital they need to get their
operations off the ground, and they can also be helpful to those who have been
farming for some time but need extra help to expand or modernize their
operations. USDA's Farm Service Agency has offices in nearly every county in the
country, and we encourage all farmers, including those in urban areas, to stop
in and inquire about this program."



 USDA today also unveiled a new category of lenders that will join traditional
lenders, such as banks and credit unions, in offering USDA EZ Guarantee Loans.
Microlenders, which include Community Development Financial Institutions and
Rural Rehabilitation Corporations, will be able to offer their customers up to
$50,000 of EZ Guaranteed Loans, helping to reach urban areas and underserved
producers. Banks, credit unions and other traditional USDA-approved lenders, can
offer customers up to $100,000 to help with agricultural operation costs.



 According to the 2012 Census of Agriculture, 75 percent of all farm operations
gross less than $50,000 per year. EZ Guarantee Loans offer low interest rates
and terms up to seven years for financing operating expenses and 40 years for
financing the purchase of farm real estate. USDA-approved lenders can issue
these loans with the Farm Service Agency (FSA) guaranteeing the loan up to 95
percent.



 USDA is providing a 90-day period for the public to review and comment on
program improvements. To review program details, visit www.regulations.gov,
reference RIN 0560-AI34 and follow the instructions to submit comments.



 More than half of all FSA loans go to new farmers and more than a quarter to
underserved borrowers. FSA also offers loans of up to $5,000 to young farmers
and ranchers though the Youth Loan Program. Loans are made to eligible youth to
finance agricultural projects, with almost 9,000 young people now participating.
More information about the available types of FSA farm loans can be found at
www.fsa.usda.gov/farmloans or by contacting your local FSA office. To find your
nearest office location, visit http://offices.usda.gov.



 USDA's EZ Guarantee Loans are an additional tool to support strong local and
regional food systems, as well as organic agriculture. Across USDA, the Know
Your Farmer, Know Your Food Initiative coordinates the Department's policy,
resources, and outreach efforts related to local and regional food systems. Over
the past seven years, USDA has helped provide consumers a stronger connection to
their food with more than $1 billion in investments to over 40,000 local and
regional food businesses and infrastructure projects since 2009. Industry data
estimates that U.S. local food sales totaled at least $12 billion in 2014, up
from $5 billion in 2008.Learn more about USDA investments connecting producers
with consumers and expanding rural economic opportunities online at USDA Results
- New Markets, New Opportunities.



 USDA works to strengthen and support American agriculture, an industry that
supports one in 11 American jobs, provides American consumers with more than 80
percent of the food we consume, ensures that Americans spend less of their
paychecks at the grocery store than most people in other countries, and supports
markets for homegrown renewable energy and materials. Since 2009, USDA has
provided $5.6 billion in disaster relief to farmers and ranchers; expanded risk
management tools with products like Whole Farm Revenue Protection; and helped
farm businesses grow with $36 billion in farm credit. The Department has engaged
its resources to support a strong next generation of farmers and ranchers by
improving access to land and capital; building new markets and market
opportunities; and extending new conservation opportunities. USDA has developed
new markets for rural-made products, including more than 2,700 biobased products
through USDA's BioPreferred program; and invested $64 billion in infrastructure
and community facilities to help improve the quality of life in rural America.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             141 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 June 14, 1999

Demand for USDA Loans Climbs Sharply

LENGTH: 234 words

Washington-Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman said that demand for U.S.
Department of Agriculture guaranteed and direct farm loans has increased 65%
this year from last year's level.

Mr. Glickman said natural disasters and a weak agricultural economy have fueled
demand for government-backed farm loans. Many farmers and ranchers are seeking
USDA loans to restructure existing debt.

As a result, the USDA has a backlog of 12,000 applications for direct and
guaranteed farm operating, farm ownership and emergency loans. The funds for all
of these programs are out of money or nearly out, he said.

Mr. Glickman chided Congress for not acting quickly on a request for more
lending authority, saying that for each day that Congress fails to act, 150
farmers are unable to get financing they need to stay in business.

President Clinton requested $ 152 million in emergency supplement funding for
farm credit and staffing needs in February.

"I can't say it more clearly: this is a crisis that deepens with every day of
delay. The time to act is now," he said.

In late May, both the House and the Senate passed a supplemental appropriations
bill that includes additional funding for the USDA's guaranteed loan programs.
The legislation enjoyed support from the American Bankers Association.
Currently, the USDA guarantees credit made to some 48,000 farmers and ranchers.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1999 Faulkner & Gray


                             142 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                January 13, 2017

                  Four County Electric Membership Corporation

                            1822 NC Highway 53 West
                                  Burgaw 28425
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


NCDOC Awards $4.6m Green Business Fund For Renewables And Energy Efficiency
Projects

   Apr 27, 2011

   North Carolina Department of Commerce (NCDOC) has announced that 16 North
Carolina small businesses and organizations will receive awards from the North
Carolina Green Business Fund, totaling $4,580,686.45. These projects will result
in a total of about 35 jobs being created or retained.Keith Crisco, secretary of
NCDOC, said, Encouraging investments in the green economy is a centerpiece of
our job creation strategy. This fast growing industry holds vast potential for
the future and we must continue to support its development in North Carolina.The
fund, created by governor Perdue in 2007, is administered by the North Carolina
Board of Science and Technology. This is the fourth round of grants awarded by
the fund which has given out about $8m in grants. The grants for energy
efficiency and renewable energy projects were funded through the American
Recovery and Reinvestment act via the U.S. Department of Energy State Energy
Program (SEP). Grants were awarded after a competitive review process, including
qualification under federal Department of Energy funding criteria. Project
Descriptions: Butler Farms (Lillington, Harnett County) â[#x20ac]"$373,78 The
Butler Farms project will install a ground mounted biogas-to-energy system at
Butler Farms, a swine farm housing over 7,000 hogs in 10 barns. The lagoons are
two of only six covered swine waste lagoons in North Carolina. This project is
anticipated to generate 3,502 MBTUs of energy annually. Black Farms (Bunnlevel,
Harnett County) - $295,13 Generate electricity from swine waste as a
demonstration project in rural North Carolina. The electricity will be used to
offset energy usage at the farm and excess energy will be sold back to the grid.
This project is anticipated to generate 2,750 MBTUs of energy annually.
Community Development Specialists Incorporated (Asheville, Buncombe County) -
$149,48 Install six small wind turbines and seven small solar thermal
demonstration systems on local food producing farms in the 10 21st Century
communities in western North Carolina, in partnership with Green Brothers Solar,
and provide renewable energy installation training as part of each installation.
The total amount of renewable energy generated by the installations will exceed
28,000kWh annually. Kyma Technologies (Raleigh, Wake County) â[#x20ac]"$427,76
Install a geothermal HVAC system and improve lighting efficiency on a facility
that supplies crystalline gallium nitride (GaN) materials. GaN materials are
needed to support increased electrical efficiency in commercial applications,
including: light emitting diodes (LEDs) and power electronics for power
management in factories, the electric grid, hybrid- and all-electric vehicles,
solar panels, and wind power. These measures will reduce energy usage by a
targeted 30%. Microcell Corporation (Raleigh, Wake County) â[#x20ac]" $484,12
Install 10 1kW fuel cell units with hot water heater/space heater capability at
a variety of North Carolina locations with its partner, North Carolina Electric
Membership Corporation and its member electric cooperatives to replace
inefficient, air polluting, and noisy portable diesel and gas fired generators.
North Carolina State University, Center for Marine Sciences and Tech (Morehead
City, Carteret County) â[#x20ac]" $228,519.00 Install and demonstrate a small
hybrid photovoltaic-wind system to power pumps and heat water for aquaculture
tanks in North Carolina businesses. Projected energy generation is 21,500kWh
annually, which will be used to offset energy usage at the Marine Aquaculture
Research Center facility. Onslow County Farmers Market Inc (Jacksonville, Onslow
County) â[#x20ac]" $24,095.89 Install 30 solar panels on the roof of the
farmer's co-op association and track energy generation. When installed, the
solar panels would produce energy enough to operate 17 fluorescent lights, four
ceilings fans and a proposed cistern pump with which to irrigate the
horticultural garden and a solar power learning exhibit. Storms Farms
(Bladenboro, Bladen County) â[#x20ac]" $500,00 This project will capture methane
from an existing swine farm housing about 4,900 hogs in four barns. Lagoon
covers and a ground mounted biogas-to-energy system will be installed. The power
interconnect equipment will enable the use of the electrical energy on-site and
to sell excess power to the Four County Electric Membership Corporation.
Monitoring instrumentation will allow for real time data collection and web
posting of the energy performance at the project. The energy generated from this
project is expected to exceed 10,000 MBTUs annually. Vestal Farms (Kenansville,
Duplin County) - $369,05 This project will install a ground mounted
biogas-to-energy system at Vestal Farms in Duplin County, which houses a
feeder-to-finish hog farm with over 9,700 hogs. Waste from the hog barns flows
into a two-stage waste treatment lagoon. The first stage of the treatment lagoon
is one of only six covered swine waste lagoons in North Carolina. This project
is anticipated to generate 5,000 MBTUs of energy annually.


USDA Announces Support To Improve Electric Infrastructure And Services In Rural
Communities

   Apr 28, 2010

   The US Department of Agriculture (USDA) has announced that rural communities
in 21 states will benefit from its guaranteed loans to improve electric service
delivery to more than 33,000 customers. The rural utilities service electric
program at the USDA Rural Development will provide the funding. The loans will
help build more than 2,405 miles of new distribution lines and upgrade more than
1,822 miles of existing distribution lines.The investments are part of the Obama
administration's commitment to bring improved infrastructure to rural
communities. The loan guarantees announced total $364.3 million and are part of
USDA Rural Development's annual budgetthey are not funded through the American
Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009.Tom Vilsack, secretary of the USDA, said:
"The Obama administration believes that modernized infrastructure is a necessary
part of the foundation for long term economic stability and prosperity in rural
America and this funding will help rural utilities build and upgrade essential
electric infrastructure to help communities thrive. These investments will
improve local service, create jobs and expand economic opportunity in rural
areas." For example, the Navajo Tribal Utility Authority in Fort Defiance,
Arizona, has been selected to receive a $103.1 million loan guarantee to build
600 miles of new distribution lines, 37 miles of transmission lines and make
improvements to 153 miles of existing distribution lines. These investments will
serve 4,982 new and current customers in Arizona, New Mexico and Utah. The Dixie
Electric Power Association in Laurel, Mississippi, has been selected to receive
a $39.7 million loan guarantee to improve electric service delivery to 6,520 new
and current consumers. The utility will use the loan to build 316 miles of
distribution lines and make improvements to 172 miles of existing distribution
lines. Below is the complete list of rural utilities selected to receive a USDA
guaranteed loan. Funding of each loan recipient is contingent upon the recipient
meeting the conditions of the loan agreement. Alabama Clarke-Washington Electric
Membership Corporation - $15,992,000 loan to serve 2,240 new customers, build
114 miles of new distribution lines, and make improvements to 34 miles of
distribution lines. Arizona, New Mexico and Utah Navajo Tribal Utility Authority
- $103,128,000 loan to serve 4,982 new and existing customers, build 600 miles
of new distribution lines and 37 miles of transmission lines, make improvements
to 153 miles of distribution lines and make other system improvements. Georgia
The Little Ocmulgee Electric Membership Corporation - $9,500,000 loan to service
1,782 new customers, build 111 miles of new distribution lines, and improve 263
miles of existing distribution line. Southern Rivers Energy, Inc. - $16,400,000
loan to serve 1,822 new customers, build 168 miles of new distribution lines,
and upgrade 291 miles of existing distribution lines. Iowa Chariton Valley
Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $7,568,000 loan to serve 320 new customers, build
30 miles of new distribution lines and make improvements to 41 miles of existing
distribution lines. Kansas The Sedgwick County Electric Cooperative Association,
Inc. - $6,715,000 guaranteed loan to serve 832 new and existing customers, build
66 miles of new distribution lines and make system improvements to 36 miles of
existing distribution line. Kentucky Jackson Purchase Energy Corporation -
$26,753,000 guaranteed loan to serve $1,474 new and existing consumers, build 83
miles of new distribution lines, and make system improvements to 25 miles of
existing distribution lines. Michigan The Ontonagon County Rural Electrification
Association - $5,000,000 loan to serve 321 customers, build 25 miles of new
distribution lines and improve 50 miles of existing distribution lines.
Minnesota PKM Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $6,250,000 guaranteed loan to serve
149 new customers, build 29 miles of distribution lines and make improvements to
60 miles of existing distribution line. Mississippi Dixie Electric Power
Association - $39,688,000 guaranteed loan to serve 6,520 customers, build 316
miles of distribution lines and make improvements to 172 miles of existing
distribution lines. Missouri New-Mac Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $16,000,000
guaranteed loan to serve 1, 357 customers, build 95 miles of distribution lines
and make improvements to 46 miles of existing distribution lines. Montana, South
Dakota, and Wyoming Southeast Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $3,486,000 guaranteed
loan to serve 72 new customers, build 31 miles of distribution lines, and
upgrade 1 mile of existing distribution line. North Carolina Four County
Electric Membership Corporation - $45,000,000 guaranteed loan to serve 4,265
customers, build 139 miles of distribution lines, 14 miles of transmission lines
and improve 63 miles of distribution and 22 miles of transmission lines. North
Dakota Roughrider Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $4,000,000 loan to build 18 miles
of new distribution, make improvements to 64 miles of distribution lines that
service 205 new customers. South Dakota Lake Region Electric Association, Inc. -
$4,317,000 loan to build 31 miles of new distribution lines and make
improvements to 34 more lines. The project will serve 228 new and current
customers. Kingsbury Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $1,045,000 loan to build 14
miles of new distribution lines and make improvements to 22 and make other
system improvements. The project will serve 64 new customers. Tennessee and
Kentucky Cumberland Electric Membership Corporation - $20,000,000 loan to
provide service to 4,000 new customers and make improvements to 258 miles of
distribution lines. Virginia and West Virginia Shenandoah Valley Electric
Cooperative - $25,000,000 loan to serve 1,977 new customers by building 191
miles of new distribution lines, three miles of transmission lines and make
improvements to 127 miles of distribution lines. Washington Mason County Public
Utility District No 1 - $8,555,000 loan to service 420 new customers, build 14
miles of new distribution lines, two miles of transmission lines and make
improvements to four miles of distribution lines.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2017


                             143 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                            March 12, 2009 Thursday

C1 Rail

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 315 words


Quotable

"Smaller has tended to work very well for us."

Greg Joswiak, a marketingvice president at Apple

Commenting Wednesday on the company's new iPod Shuffle, about the size of a AA
battery.It will go on sale today.

Stat shot

Daily digest

Preferred lender

NORMAL - 1st Farm Credit Services has been named to the Preferred Lender Program
from the U.S. Department of Agriculture through 2014.

The status allows lenders, like 1st Farm Credit Services, to add flexibility to
loan applications and servicing requirements. The program means 1st Farm Credit
Services can work with more farmers who would not be served under conventional
methods.

"By retaining the status as a preferred lender, we can continue to work with
young, beginning and small farmers who are in need of financing," said Gary J.
Ash, president/CEO of 1st Farm Credit Services. "Seeing these farmers get a
good, solid start in agriculture is a key part of our mission."

The Preferred Lender Program is the top status that a lender can hold in the
Farm Service Agency guaranteed loan program. Lenders with preferred status have
broad authority in making and servicing Farm Service Agency guaranteed loans and
can utilize their own underwriting and servicing policies.

The association, which serves more than 10,000 farmers and agribusiness clients
in Illinois, was first named to the status in 2004.

More news

Get more of the latest business, technology and stock news at
www.pantagraph.com/money

Inside

Double-digit unemployment

Four states - California, South Carolina, Michigan and Rhode Island - reported
double-digit unemployment rates in January. With a jobless rate of 11.6 percent,
Michigan's was the highest in the country./C2

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Pantagraph


                             144 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           December 18, 1982 Saturday

Government agencies seize   more than 160 Quebec farms

BYLINE: KEVIN COX; GAM

LENGTH: 614 words


By  KEVIN COX
   More than 160 farms in Quebec are being repossessed or have already been
 seized by federal and provincial government lending agencies because the
 farmers defaulted on loans.

Farm Credit Corp. now has 68 Quebec farms for sale, most of them
 livestock operations, out of the 85 properties it has repossessed across
 Canada, Jules Modderman, chief of loan operations for the federal Crown
 corporation said yesterday.

The Quebec Farm Credit Bureau is now in the process of seizing 94 farms
 which have been foreclosed on or the producer went into bankruptcy, Julien
 Burns, spokesman for the bureau said yesterday.

Federal figures show Quebec accounted for 138 of the 384 Canadian farm
 bankruptcies recorded to the end of November.

The government lending agencies, both of which could suffer major
 losses trying to sell the farms in the depressed agricultural economy,
 ended up with the farms because the FCC lent the money to the farmers
 after other financial institutions turned them down and the Quebec bureau
 guaranteed payment of the loans extended by other lenders.

The FCC figures show it has five Alberta properties for sale, six in
 the Maritime provinces, three in Manitoba, two in Ontario and one in
 British Columbia.

Mr. Modderman said in an interview that at least 55 of the farms the
 FCC wants to sell are hog operations where young farmers invested heavily
 in 1975 and then lost their farms because of high interest rates and
 plunging hog prices.

He acknowledged that the corporation is having difficulty selling the
 farms.
    "Most of these farmers have declared bankruptcy and we end up with the
 title to the property," he said. "Right now nobody is interested in hog
 farms and in many cases we are keeping the original owner on the farm to
 make sure it is not abandoned."
    He said the number of farms repossessed by the agency is less than one
 per cent of the total number of hog accounts the crown corporation has in
 Quebec.
    "Hog prices have gone up recently and some of those farmers who held on
 are now shopping around and they may come up with some very good buys on
 these farms," he said.

Mr. Burns said the Quebec bureau is now in the process of taking over
 94 farms in that province because the farmers defaulted on loans the
 province had guaranteed.

Although that number is almost double the number of farmers who were
 foreclosed on, declared bankruptcy or simply gave up last year, Mr. Burns
 said the provincial agency hopes to sell off the farms quickly.

In 1981-82, the Quebec Government extended about $466-million in
 reduced interest loans and loan guarantees to more than 11,000 of the
 province's 21,000 farmers, according to a recent federal report on farm
 credit. "The price of land is very stable and with hog prices going up,
 these farms should move fairly well," Mr. Burns said.

Mario Dumais, a spokesman for the Union des Producteurs Agricoles, said
 that not all Quebec farmers are in grave financial difficulty because of
 the low prices and heavy debts.
    "Quebec net farm income increased in 1982 by 7.4 per cent, while across
 Canada it declined by 9.3 per cent last year, so we don't want to be
 shouting that the low commodity prices are killing us all," he said.

Mr. Dumais said the farms fell into the hands of the government
 agencies because Quebec farmers depend heavily on government loan
 guarantees, which are not generally offered in other provinces.

Ontario offers a program of farm loan guarantees for farmers in severe
 financial difficulty but who still have a chance of saving their farms.
 Ontario Agriculture Minister Dennis Timbrell said recently that only two
 farmers with those guarantees appear  close to defaulting on the oans.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1982 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             145 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright (c) 1999 Drake University
                       Drake Journal of Agricultural Law

                                  Spring, 1999

                            4 Drake J. Agric. L. 215

LENGTH: 16325 words

ARTICLE: FINANCING THE AGRICULTURAL OPERATION: RECENT DEVELOPMENTS AND CURRENT
TRENDS

NAME: Susan A. Schneider*

BIO:



   * Assistant Professor of Law at the University of Arkansas School of Law in
Fayetteville, Arkansas 72701, (501) 575-4334.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... This Article addresses current agricultural finance and credit issues. ...
A borrower whose loan is denied at one rural bank may have few other alternative
sources of credit. ... One potential source of alternative financing is with a
Farm Credit System (FCS) lender. ...  Although this may be true with regard to
the availability of credit, it may not be true with regard to the willingness of
a lender to restructure or otherwise "work with" a farm borrower experiencing
financial distress. ... Reversing this trend, Title VIII of the Omnibus
Appropriations Bill, entitled Agricultural Credit, makes a number of significant
amendments to current credit laws applicable to the FSA farm loan programs. ...
The new law provides that an emergency loan can be granted to a borrower who has
received "not more than one debt forgiveness" on or before April 4, 1996 and who
has not received debt forgiveness after April 4, 1996. ... Second, because the
product-seller has an independent relationship with the farmer, e.g., through
the sale of agricultural inputs or farm machinery, the seller may use this
relationship to encourage lending. ...

TEXT:
 [*216]

   I. Introduction


   This Article addresses current agricultural finance and credit issues. It is
divided into five sections. The first section discusses the increased importance
of capital to farming operations.  n1 The second section presents an overview of
the current farm finance situation.  n2 The third section introduces the
traditional sources of agricultural lending and provides an update on legal
issues affecting these lenders.  n3 The fourth section presents information on
several increasingly important new sources of agricultural financing,  n4 and
the final section offers some concluding thoughts on the future of farm finance.
n5


   II. Financing the Farm: The Capitalization of American Farming


   As American agriculture has evolved, the need for capital has risen
dramatically. Farmers are no longer simple "tillers of the soil," but must seek
significant amounts of capital to fund their operations. Agricultural economist
Thomas L. Frey and certified commercial lender Robert H. Behrens analyzed the
historical transition of agriculture in terms of three revolutions.  n6 Each
"revolution" has resulted in an agriculture that was more dependent upon capital
resources.


   First, there was the mechanical revolution, when the "four-legged, oat-eating
sources of power" were replaced by the "four-wheeled gas-and diesel-hogging
tractors and self-propelled combines."  n7 Equipment costs increased
dramatically, but so did yields.  n8


   Next, there was the technological revolution, bringing tremendous yield
advancements as a result of new hybrid seed varieties, chemical pest controls,
fertilizers, irrigation, and other technological changes.  n9 Whether a farmer
successfully coped with this revolution depended upon whether he or she was able
to "adopt the proper technologies in the right amounts and at the right time."
n10 Again, although production increased, input costs also increased.  n11

     [*217]

   According to Frey and Behrens, the third revolution reflects the present
time.  n12 Under this revolution, financial and business management
considerations take center stage in determining the success of the farming
operation.  n13 They described this "financial and management era" as one where
"[c]ash budgeting, sophisticated accounting systems, regular monitoring of
financial performance, much greater use of debt, leasing resources, utilization
of sophisticated business organization structures, and [utilizing] never-ending
developments in tax law" are essential elements of farm financial success.  n14
They noted that agricultural lenders in this era would "face a tremendous
challenge in financing an industry that is in transition from just a way of life
to a highly capitalized industry of sophisticated businesses."  n15


   While Frey and Behrens' analysis is a useful way to emphasize the importance
of business decision-making in agricultural operations, it is even more
intriguing when it is noted that this passage was written in 1981-just prior to
the beginning of a severe economic crisis in agriculture that resulted in a
surge of farm foreclosures and that rocked the agricultural lending community.
n16 Many farmers who had sought to embrace the third revolution and incorporated
a much greater use of debt in their operations found themselves going out of
business.  n17


   Thus, the analysis raises two important issues. First, it testifies to the
significance of astute business and management decision making for success in
today's farm operation. Few people, if any, would argue that wise business
decisions are not an essential factor for farm business success in modern
agriculture. Second, however, the Frey & Behrens' analysis also raises the
question that it failed to consider in 1981: when is the greater use of farm
debt and the greater capitalization of the agricultural operation a sign of
looming financial crisis? These two issues form an underlying theme for the more
practical consideration of recent changes in farm finance options.

     [*218]

   III. An Overview of the Current Farm Finance Situation


   According to the Economic Research Service (ERS) of the United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA), farm business debt has increased in eight of
the last nine years, including each of the last six years.  n18 The amount of
debt incurred by farmers went up from $ 155.5 billion in 1996 to $ 165.9 billion
in 1997; by the end of 1998, farm business debt is expected to total
approximately $ 172 billion.  n19 Farm borrowers have recently benefited from
increased credit availability and relative interest rate stability.  n20
Competition between lenders for "high-quality" farm loans has increased loan
availability and has made for generally favorable terms for these borrowers.
n21


   In general, this debt expansion has reflected a renewed confidence in the
farm economy on the part of both farm debtors and lenders. When farm business
debt increased in 1997, the ERS attributed it to "[c]ontinued economic growth,
relatively strong crop field prices and increased farm incomes in 1996."  n22
Evidencing this positive analysis, "[a]verage net worth of farm businesses
increased for the fourth consecutive year in 1997."  n23 Further debt expansion
in 1998 was attributed to "generally favorable income conditions in the farm
sector."  n24


   Unfortunately, "generally favorable income conditions" did not continue in
the farm sector in 1998. Disastrous weather conditions and/or crop disease in a
number of areas, a sharp decline in commodity prices, and reduced government
support have dramatically reduced 1998 farm income.  n25 ERS projections
forecast 1998 net farm income to be $ 45.7 billion.  n26 This amount is $ 4.1
billion less than net farm income for 1997 and $ 7.6 billion below 1996.  n27


   The impact of this decline in farm income is not yet known. Loan default and
related indicators of farm financial distress do not become immediately evident
[*219]  and are considered "lagging indicators of financial stress."  n28 Two
concerns are most apparent: whether the decrease in farm income will cause
farmers to be unable to service the debt that they have incurred and whether the
availability of credit will be adversely affected by lender concerns about the
farm economy.


   The ERS has made a cautious, but fairly positive projection regarding
farmers' debt repayment capability. In July 1998, it reported that
"[n]ationwide, farm operators' expanding use of credit is not expected to place
excessive demands on their ability to meet their debt obligations."  n29 In
September, when farm income forecasts were lowered, the ERS acknowledged that
"[l]ower income in 1998 could weaken the ability of farm businesses to meet debt
repayment obligations."  n30 However, the same publication also emphasized that
at least going into 1998, farm businesses were considered to be in a "favorable
financial situation" and that overall, farm balance sheets remained strong.  n31


   With regard to the continued availability of credit, in September, the ERS
made the following guarded assessment:


   [F]arm credit availability remained strong in the first half of 1998. Most
U.S. farmers continue to enjoy competitive credit markets and lower interest
rates. However, if the prices of major commodities remain weak, lenders will be
more cautious when lending to farmers in the coming months, particularly in
regions most dependent on commodities experiencing lower prices and poor
production.  n32


   With regard to both the overall financial condition of farmers and of farm
lenders, however, ERS generally emphasizes that the 1990s have been a good time
for agriculture and that profits in previous years should allow most losses in
1998 to be successfully managed.  n33 Although acknowledging that farmers have
invested heavily in capital assets in recent years and that some will
undoubtedly have difficulty servicing this debt, the ERS concludes that "most
farmers strong balance sheets will allow them to weather a temporary economic
downturn."  n34 Similarly, because the financial condition of farm lenders is
good, having reported strong profits in recent years, "lenders should be able to
weather a shortrun deterioration in farm credit quality."  n35

     [*220]

   Other sources have expressed greater concern, particularly with regard to
farm debt repayment ability.  n36 In May, 1998 the Wall Street Journal published
a front page article on the "stampede" of farmers getting out of farming in the
Northern Plains as a result of low prices, wheat scab, and declining government
payments.  n37 The Wall Street Journal published another analysis during mid-
summer 1998 stating that "[p]roblems are piling up for the U.S. farm economy."
n38 One Nebraska banker commented that "[t]his could be the worst time around
here in ten years."  n39 In October 1998, noted agricultural law professor Neil
D. Hamilton stated that "[f]ew could have predicted the depths of the current
financial crisis unfolding in agriculture, or the rapidity with which it has set
upon us during the fall of 1998. But as anyone who works in rural America knows,
the current farm crisis is real and may be severe."  n40


   In response to these concerns, when Congress and President Clinton reached
agreement on the omnibus appropriations bill in October 1998, a generous farm
relief package was included.  n41 This package contained a number of different
mechanisms for directing financial assistance to farmers.  n42 An additional $ 6
billion was appropriated for disaster and price relief.  n43 Although a
substantial portion of these funds may be available to farmers during 1998,
individual farmer's tax considerations, as well as the efficiency of the USDA in
distributing payments, will affect what income is received by farmers in 1998.
ERS estimates of 1998 farm income of $ 45.7 billion assumes that forty percent
($ 2.4 billion) of this assistance will be received in 1998.  n44


   While this appropriation from Congress was clearly a generous contribution to
the agricultural economy, much of the money is directed to crop farmers
participating in the "market transition" program. This provides little
assistance to livestock farmers who may also be nearing financial ruin. On
November 27, 1998, the Wall Street Journal reported:

     [*221]

   The hog market has collapsed, delivering another blow to a U.S. farm economy
already reeling from low grain prices.


   . . . [S]wine prices at the farm are at their lowest level in 27 years.


   . . . . Many hog farmers are losing thousands of dollars a week. Some
economists are predicting as many as one-fifth of the nation's 122,000 hog
farmers will quit the business by next summer.  n45


   Problems experienced in the hog industry reflect a central concern regarding
the current financial situation in agriculture. Whereas in previous times of
financial stress, either crop or livestock production income was affected,
recent problems cross into both areas, leaving even diversified operations in
distress.


   The full effect of the current farm income problems on debt repayment is not
immediately evident. The impact of these problems on future farm credit
availability will also not be known for some time. Nevertheless, it is apparent
that 1998 marks a clear shift away from the positive farm financial scenario
that produced the optimistic farm debt expansion of the previous years.


   IV. The Traditional Sources of Capital for Farming Operations


   For a number of years, four groups of institutional lenders have made up the
largest portion of business loans made to agricultural operations. These lender
groups are composed of the following: (1) the commercial banks, (2) Farm Credit
System lenders, (3) the Farm Service Agency, and (4) insurance companies. In
1997, these lenders held seventy-seven percent of outstanding agricultural
loans; the remaining twenty-three percent of loans were primarily from machinery
and input suppliers, cooperatives, processors, and individuals.  n46 Table 1
reflects the percentage of farm loans outstanding with each group in 1996 and
1997.

     [*222]  [SEE TABLE IN ORIGINAL]  n47


   Although there has not been any major shift in the position of these
agricultural lenders during the last few years, some significant trends have
been apparent. Moreover, with regard to the FSA, there have been some
significant legal changes affecting their loan making authorities. These trends
and changes are reflected in the following discussion of each major
institutional lender.


   A. Commercial Lenders


   According to a recent ERS report, commercial banks dominate most rural
financial markets and are "well positioned to provide financial support to rural
sectors of the economy."  n48 Bank profitability has been characterized as
"high," and the financial condition of rural banks considered to be
"particularly healthy going into 1996."  n49


   Looking specifically at loans to agricultural operations, commercial banks
provide the largest source of financing.  n50 The total volume of outstanding
farm loans by commercial banks reached $ 67.2 billion in 1997, up 8.9% from
1996.  n51 Surveys of rural banks in the first quarter of 1998 indicate
continued efforts by banks to expand farm lending.  n52


   Nevertheless, from the borrower's perspective, the availability of banking
alternatives in rural communities remains limited. Although the number of
competing banks within rural counties has remained "remarkably stable" over the
[*223]  past fifteen years,  n53 in 1994, twenty-seven percent of rural counties
were served by two or fewer banks.  n54 Forty percent of urban counties were
served by ten or more banks.  n55 Therefore, while rural banks may be
profitable, this may not translate into available and affordable credit for all
rural borrowers. From this perspective, "rural bank performance is often a
function of the degree of competition within the local financial markets in
which loan decisions are made."  n56 A borrower whose loan is denied at one
rural bank may have few other alternative sources of credit.  n57


   One potential source of alternative financing is with a Farm Credit System
(FCS) lender. Rural banks have generally viewed FCS lenders as their main rival
and competitor with regard to agricultural loans. ERS projections indicate that
banks will continue to compete aggressively with FCS for high quality farm
loans.  n58 Some have recently observed that this competition may have made
rural banks more vulnerable to a downturn in the farm economy. The Wall Street
Journal reported that farm banks had "relatively little liquidity for
emergencies because they have been lending much more of their deposits in order
to take market share" from FCS.  n59 Rural banks have allowed their average loan
-to-deposit ratio to climb to a record seventy percent from fifty-four percent a
decade ago.  n60 Because of this competition with regard to both farm and other
business loans, bank lending spreads for these high quality loans are expected
to remain narrow by industry standards.  n61


   Nationwide consolidation of the banking industry has dramatically affected
the ownership of rural commercial banks. In 1996, only about nine percent of
rural counties were served solely by local banking organizations.  n62 Banking
[*224]  mergers have continued since that time, so it is likely that this
percentage is now significantly lower.  n63 However, according to the ERS,
available evidence indicates that the availability of credit does not suffer as
a result of this change of ownership, or at least that "negative effects are
limited."  n64 Although this may be true with regard to the availability of
credit, it may not be true with regard to the willingness of a lender to
restructure or otherwise "work with" a farm borrower experiencing financial
distress.


   It is difficult at this time to predict the full impact and extent of 1998
farm financial problems. There is, however, much concern being expressed in the
commercial banking industry. The Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis recently
expressed this concern in a summary of the results of a survey of its district
banks.  n65 Bankers who responded to the survey "revealed the most pessimistic
outlook seen this decade."  n66 They reported that repayment rates were below
normal and that loan renewals and extensions were up as farmers held grain in
the hopes of higher future prices.  n67 The estimated proportion of borrowers at
their debt limits increased from twenty-seven percent to forty-one percent
overall; Montana and North Dakota farmers were in the worst condition with
sixty-three and forty-five percent respectively of farmers at their debt limit.
n68 Wisconsin farmers, buoyed by relatively strong milk prices and declining
feed costs, were the only state group to show improvement.  n69 In an analysis
"echoed by colleagues," a South Dakota banker reported that "[t]he current
pricing and near-term prices for crops and livestock are extremely serious. If
our agricultural borrowers are not able to get better prices, they will not be
able to survive their debtor make purchases to stimulate the economy."  n70

     [*225]

   B. The Farm Credit System


   The Farm Credit System (FCS) is a network of federally-chartered,
borrower-owned cooperatives that was specifically created to provide a
competitive source of agricultural credit.  n71 FCS now holds the second largest
portfolio of outstanding agricultural loans. At the end of 1997, FCS held $ 42.6
billion in farm business loans, up 6.9% from 1996.  n72 FCS farm business debt
is forecast to increase about 3.5% in 1998.  n73


   The FCS has effectively rebuilt its farm loan portfolio after the near
disastrous results of the farm financial crisis of the 1980s. The FCS farm loan
portfolio dropped forty-five percent from a high point in 1982 to its low point
in 1993.  n74 In contrast, the FCS has gained loan market share in each of the
past three years.  n75 The ERS recently concluded that the FCS was "well
positioned to supply farmers' future needs."  n76 Its access to national money
markets and the resulting ability to provide credit at competitive rates makes
it an attractive alternative to commercial banks. Summarizing its analysis, the
ERS concluded that "[t]he system has demonstrated financial strength in recent
years while undergoing massive restructuring of its organization and procedures.
In an effort to enhance loan quality and expand market share, the FCS is
offering farm customers competitive interest rates and credit arrangements."
n77


   As with the analysis of commercial banks, however, this positive scenario is
directed to the availability of agricultural credit. Two caveats are
appropriate. First, projections to date do not reflect concerns with the
downturn in the  [*226]  agricultural economy. "Lagging indicators of financial
distress" have not yet had an impact on farm credit availability.  n78


   Second, credit availability is a different measure of the farm financial
situation than is loan servicing availability. While the FCS's access to the
secondary loan market has enhanced credit availability and in some cases, loan
terms, it has also sacrificed numerous borrower's rights provisions that
previously protected borrowers who experienced financial distress. Recent
legislation provides that if a loan is designated for the secondary market upon
its making, and if it is sold unto that market, the majority of the usual FCS
borrower protection provisions do not apply. Protections that are lost include
the right to debt restructuring consideration upon default and the right of
first refusal to repurchase property lost to foreclosure, as well as certain
appeal rights.  n79


   The FCS has recently embarked on two simultaneous institutional efforts to
solidify its strength as a rural lender. These efforts are first, to expand its
clientele, that is, the types of persons and entities that are eligible to be
FCS borrowers and second, to expand the types of loans that it offers. Each of
these efforts will be discussed in turn.


   1. Expanding FCS Loan Eligibility


   In an effort to compete effectively with commercial banks, the Farm Credit
Administration (FCA), the federal agency that oversees the FCS lenders, has
sought to expand FCS lending authority.  n80 This effort has been controversial,
and it has met with substantial opposition from the rural banking industry.  n81


   Recent FCA regulatory action exemplifies this effort and the controversy it
has generated. In September 1995, the FCA published a proposed rule to amend its
regulations governing the eligibility requirements for FCS loans.  n82 This rule
proposed a substantial expansion of the loan-making authority of the FCS
lenders.  n83 After the required ninety-day comment period and the receipt of
over three hundred comments, the FCA redrafted the proposed rule and republished
it.  n84 More than 1500 comments were received.  n85 On January 30, 1997, the
final rule was  [*227]  published, with an effective date of March 11, 1997.
n86 Although modified from the previous proposals, the final rule broadens the
qualifications used to determine borrower eligibility for FCS loans, thus
expanding FCS loan making authorities.  n87


   Soon thereafter, the Independent Bankers Association of America and the
American Bankers Association brought suit against the FCA.  n88 In this suit,
the bankers argued that the new regulations violated both the plain language and
the congressional intent of the statutes creating the FCS and further argued
that the "regulations caused competitive injury to their member institutions."
n89 The United States District Court for the District of Columbia dismissed the
suit on its merits.  n90


   On appeal, the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
affirmed in part and reversed in part the lower court's decision.  n91 The
appeals court held that most of ways in which the FCA sought to expand the
lending authorities of its member institutions were permissible under the Farm
Credit Act, and accordingly, these aspects of the regulations were upheld.  n92
The court also held, however, that two proposed areas of expansion were contrary
to the language of the Farm Credit Act, and the regulations implementing these
areas of expansion were struck down.  n93 The FCA's expansion of loan making
authority to loans for any business activity conducted by a farm-related service
business was struck down.  n94 Similarly, the expansion of its authority to
offer loans for non-owner occupied housing was rejected.  n95 Thus, although the
bankers' challenge was of somewhat limited success, it did confirm that there
are specific limitations on the role that Congress envisioned for the FCS. It is
likely that competitors of the FCS will continue to monitor their actions
closely and challenge any future encroachments into non-farm lending.


   2. Expanding the Types of Loans Offered


   In an effort to compete effectively with lending by "captive supply"
companies that are offering loans to farmers through input and equipment
dealers,  [*228]  the FCS has developed a new point of sale financing program
called AgSmart.  n96 It provides for indirect farmer financing of farmers who
purchase goods at authorized input suppliers and equipment dealers.  n97 It is
offered by the FCS through an agreement with the technology services provider,
EDS, and American Centurion Bank.  n98


   FCS loan officers market participation in the AgSmart program to agricultural
input suppliers and equipment dealers.  n99 If the supplier or dealer agrees to
participate, it registers with the AgSmart program, and its farmer customers can
then apply for AgSmart financing.  n100 Seasonal and operating loans, term loans
and leases, and a revolving credit card are all available at the point-of-sale
or lease.  n101 The loan is made to the farmer or input customer by FCS
indirectly, through the input supplier.  n102 The loan obligation flows directly
from the farmer-customer to American Centurion Bank, supported by the FCS.  n103
If a leasing option is selected, Farm Credit Leasing Corporation provides the
financing.  n104


   The loan application form is shorter than the usual FCS form, as is the loan
approval process. The customer completes a one page loan application that is
immediately faxed from the supplier to an EDS processing center.  n105 The
application is evaluated via a computerized credit scoring system.  n106
Approval or denial is often made within ten to fifteen minutes.  n107


   Operating loans are generally available from $ 5000 to $ 100,000, although
certain areas may be able to process larger loan.  n108 Operating loan terms are
from three to fifteen months.  n109 There is a one hundred dollar fee assessed
as of the first draw against the loan-the merchant can choose to sponsor this
fee, charge the customer, or to increase the fee and participate, up to five
hundred dollars.  n110 A  [*229]  security interest will be claimed on the
growing crop.  n111 The interest rate charged is variable, indexed to the prime
rate.  n112


   Term loans and leases are available for financing new or used machinery,
equipment, or fixtures.  n113 Loan or lease amounts range from $ 5000 to $
100,000, although some areas can process loans up to $ 250,000.  n114 The terms
available are one, three, five, or seven years.  n115 There is a one hundred
dollar fee assessed at closing.  n116 The merchant can choose to sponsor this
fee or to charge the customer and increase the fee and participate, up to five
hundred dollars.  n117 A security interest will be claimed on the item
purchased.  n118 Rates are fixed for the term of the loan or lease.  n119 There
may be no-recourse options depending upon the credit risk.  n120


   Two types of credit cards are available through AgSmart: "The AgSmart
Exclusive Card is designed for exclusive use at one business. The AgSmart
QuickStep Card may be used at all approved AgSmart business locations."  n121
Credit is available up to $ 100,000 depending upon the risk and the customer's
need.  n122 Approval is for a three-year term.  n123 Both farmer and non-farmer
customers are eligible.  n124 The minimum monthly payment amount is eight
percent of the balance, plus accrued interest.  n125 There are no fees
associated with either of the cards.  n126 The interest rate is the prime rate
plus eight percent.  n127


   In the press release announcing the new AgSmart program, the national
director of the program stated that "customer demand for a quicker, more
convenient process was the driving force behind the push for indirect
financing."  n128  [*230]  He added, however, that "competition among
agricultural suppliers and dealers was another catalyst for the change."  n129


   C. The Farm Service Agency


   The FSA (formerly Farmers Home Administration (FmHA)) is an agency within the
USDA that was created expressly for the purpose of providing credit to eligible
farmers who cannot obtain credit elsewhere.  n130 The farm financial crisis of
the 1980s took a major toll on FmHA's loan portfolio. The economic fragility of
FSA/FmHA borrowers combined with questionable lending and loan servicing
practices led to widespread defaults and enormous losses.  n131 Large loan
writeoffs and congressionally-limited lending authority has dramatically reduced
FSA's current share of farm lending.  n132 Adjusted for inflation, FSA direct
lending is the lowest since 1946, when FmHA was created.  n133


   FSA's farm loan portfolio again declined in 1997, when FSA held only five
percent of farm business loans.  n134 In 1997, FSA had $ 8.3 billion in
outstanding farm loans, a 16.3% decline since 1987 and an 8.7% decline from the
previous year.  n135 In addition to the debt writeoffs referenced above, much of
this decline can be attributed to the agency's move away from direct lending and
toward guaranteed lending.  n136 However, there was also a 14.9% decline in the
loan guarantees made by FSA in 1997.  n137 Loan guarantees of $ 1.57 billion
were made in 1997.  n138


   FSA loan demand is difficult to predict because of the FSA's special status
as a "lender of last resort." Therefore, in good economic times for farmers, and
when credit is available from other lenders, presumably, FSA loans applications
will be down.  n139 Conversely, in times of farm financial distress,
applications for  [*231]  FSA loans, in particular, emergency loans, will be
increased. Anecdotally, an increase in FSA loan applications is taken as a sign
of pending financial crisis. Emphasizing the financial stress in the northern
plains, the Wall Street Journal reported: "In the courthouse basement, the
federal Farm Service Agency office is so swamped with requests for emergency
loans that a copy-machine room and junk room were cleared out for space to take
applications. 'A lot of these farmers were your blue- chippers,' says Kelly
Turgeon, county director."  n140 FSA loan "demand" has also been affected,
however, by statutory changes in loan eligibility requirements. Statutory
changes made to the FSA loan programs in recent years have generally placed
greater restrictions on the lending authority of the FSA.  n141 A number of
these restrictions were focused on the eligibility criteria for obtaining an FSA
loan.


   Reversing this trend, Title VIII of the Omnibus Appropriations Bill, entitled
Agricultural Credit, makes a number of significant amendments to current credit
laws applicable to the FSA farm loan programs.  n142 Some of these amendments
temper the eligibility restrictions and expand certain FSA lending authority.
The changes to FSA lending programs in the recent appropriations bill are
explained as follows.


   1. Changes to Loan Eligibility Restrictions: 7 U.S.C.

    2008h


   Section 801 of the omnibus bill amends some of the basic loan making
restrictions placed on FSA lending.  n143 These restrictions are found in

    2008h of Title 7, and they are divided into three categories of loan
eligibility limitations. Under subsection (a), delinquent borrowers are
prohibited from obtaining direct operating loans.  n144 This restriction is not
changed by the new law.  n145


   Prior to the omnibus bill, subsection (b) of

    2008h provided a general rule that any borrower who received "debt
forgiveness" (also referred to as "debt write- down") on a direct or guaranteed
USDA loan was ineligible for any type of new direct or guaranteed loan.  n146
There was one exception, but it was limited to one category of borrower and one
category of loan; it provided that borrowers who  [*232]  received their debt
forgiveness as a result of the administrative debt restructuring process could
still be considered for direct or guaranteed operating loans for the purpose of
paying their annual expenses.  n147 All other situations fell under the general
rule and loan making was prohibited. The result was particularly harsh when
applied to the FSA emergency loan program.  n148


   Under the new law, there is a different general rule for direct and
guaranteed loans; the general rule for guaranteed loans is much less
restrictive. There is also a significant expansion to the exception provision.
n149


   Under the general rule, a direct loan cannot be made to a farmer that has
received debt forgiveness in the past unless the farmer falls within one of the
exceptions.  n150 A guaranteed loan cannot be made to a farmer if he or she
received debt forgiveness after April 4, 1996.  n151 A guaranteed loan also
cannot be made to a farmer that received debt forgiveness on more than three
occasions on or before April 4, 1996 unless the farmer falls within one of the
exceptions.  n152 Thus, a farmer that received debt forgiveness on as many as
three occasions before April 4, 1996 can still be considered for a loan
guaranteed by the FSA.  n153


   The exception to the general rule is also expanded. There are now two
exceptions. With regard to direct and guaranteed operating loans, where
previously, the exception only applied to borrowers who received their debt
forgiveness as a result of the administrative debt restructuring process, the
exception now also applies to borrowers who are current on payments under a
confirmed bankruptcy reorganization plan under Chapters 11, 12, or 13 of Title
11 (the Bankruptcy Code). Thus, farmers who have received debt forgiveness as a
result of the administrative debt restructuring process or who are current on
payments under a confirmed bankruptcy reorganization plan can be considered for
either a direct or guaranteed operating loan for payment of their annual
expenses.  n154


   The new law establishes a new second exception to the loan-making restriction
that applies specifically to the emergency loan program. The new law provides
that an emergency loan can be granted to a borrower who has received "not more
than one debt forgiveness" on or before April 4, 1996 and who has not received
debt forgiveness after April 4, 1996.  n155 Thus, emergency loans still cannot
be made to borrowers who received more than one debt forgiveness prior to or on
April 4, 1996, and emergency loans still can not be made to borrowers who
[*233]  received debt forgiveness at any time after April 4, 1998.  n156
However, borrowers who received one occasion of debt forgiveness granted prior
to or on April 4, 1996 should still be considered for emergency loans.  n157


   Subsection (c) of

    2008h limits farm borrowers to one administrative "debt forgiveness . . . on
a direct loan."  n158 The new law does not change this limitation on the
availability of debt forgiveness.  n159


   2. Changes to Loan Term Provisions: 7 U.S.C.

    1964


   Section 802 of the new law amends 7 U.S.C.

    1964.  n160 Section 1964 provides some of the basic rules for emergency loan
eligibility.  n161 The new law amends the security rules for emergency loans
contained in subsection (d) of

    1964.  n162 The new law allows the Secretary of Agriculture some flexibility
in evaluating the collateral necessary to support the loan.  n163 Although the
general rule that there must be adequate security for the loan remains the same,
the new law adds the following new language to subsection(d) as a new
subsection(d)(2):


   NO BASIS FOR DENIAL OF LOAN.


   (A) IN GENERAL. Subject to subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall not deny a
loan under this subtitle to a borrower by reason of the fact that the borrower
lacks a particular amount of collateral for the loan if the Secretary is
reasonably certain that the borrower will be able to repay the loan.  n164


   However, the new law also provides a restriction that allows the Secretary to
refuse to grant the loan if the borrower refuses to pledge requested collateral.
This provision is subparagraph (B) as referenced above. It provides that the
Secretary "may deny or cancel a loan under this subtitle if a borrower refuses
to pledge available collateral on request by the Secretary."  n165

     [*234]

   3. Changes to Crop Insurance/Disaster Program Multiple Benefits Rule: 7
U.S.C.

    1508(n), 7 U.S.C.

    7333(i)(3)


   Section 803 of the new law amends 7 U.S.C.


    1508(n) and 7333(i)(3). Section 1508 is part of the law governing crop
insurance; subsection(n) limits the receipt of multiple benefits from crop
insurance and other USDA loss assistance on the same crop loss.  n166 Section
7333 is part of the law governing the Non- Insured Disaster Assistance Program
(NAP), the hybrid insurance/disaster program for crops for which insurance is
not available.  n167 Subsection (i)(3) limits the receipt of NAP benefits in
combination with other disaster-related benefits.  n168


   Prior to the new law, farmers entitled to receive crop insurance benefits
under "catastrophic risk protection" (CAT) coverage (the lowest level of
coverage available to satisfy the crop insurance requirements) who were also
eligible for other USDA assistance related to the loss had to elect which
benefit to receive.  n169 Similarly, under NAP, farmers who were eligible for
NAP benefits as well as other USDA assistance related to the loss also had to
elect which benefit to receive.  n170 Emergency loans were interpreted to be
loss benefits, so in either case, the farmer had to choose between the CAT or
NAP benefits and obtaining the loan.  n171


   Under the new law, an exception is added to both


    1508(n) and 7333(i)(3). Emergency loans are excepted;  n172 thus, the
multiple benefits provision no longer applies to emergency loans. Farmers who
suffer losses covered by their federal crop insurance policies, even if they are
only in the CAT program, and farmers who are eligible for NAP benefits are still
eligible for emergency loans.  n173


   4. New Notice Requirement: Loan Eligibility: 7 U.S.C.

    1922


   Section 804 of the new law adds a new notice requirement to the loan
eligibility restrictions contained in 7 U.S.C.

    1922.  n174 Section 1922(b) attempts to put time limits on obtaining a
direct farm ownership loan, thereby requiring farmers to graduate from the
subsidized federal loan program to either conventional or guaranteed farm
financing arrangements.  n175 It provides that direct farm ownership loans can
only be made to borrowers who are either "qualified  [*235]  beginning farmers
or ranchers," new borrowers (those who have not received a previous direct farm
ownership loan), or borrowers who have "not received a direct farm ownership
loan . . . more than 10 years before the date the new loan would be made."  n176


   The new law does not amend this restriction, but it requires the Secretary of
Agriculture to provide borrowers with notice that they will become ineligible
for additional loans within twelve months before they become ineligible.  n177
This notice requirement does not begin, however, until fiscal year 2000.  n178


   5. Changes in Guaranteed Loan Eligibility Requirements Regarding Training or
Experience: 7 U.S.C.

    1922(a)(2); 7 U.S.C.

    1941(a)(2); 7 U.S.C.

    2006a


   Prior to the new law, general eligibility requirements for either direct or
guaranteed farm program loans included a requirement that the borrower have
either "training or farming experience that the Secretary determines is
sufficient to assure reasonable prospects of success in the proposed farming
operation."  n179 Essentially the same requirement was provided with regard to
farm ownership loans.  n180 The Secretary of Agriculture was authorized to
provide training programs for borrowers, both directly and by contracting with
others.  n181

    Section 805 of the new law exempts both farm ownership and operating
guaranteed loans from the training or experience requirement.  n182 This
requirement now applies only to the direct loan programs.  n183 The new law also
eliminates the specific statutory authority for conducting and contracting for
borrower training programs for guaranteed loan borrowers.  n184


   6. Changes in Guaranteed Loan Limits: 7 U.S.C.


    1925 and 1943


   Sections 1925 and 1943 set the maximum loan amounts for certain farm program
loans, including guaranteed operating and guaranteed farm ownership  [*236]
loans.  n185 Prior to the new law,

    1925 provided that no farm ownership loan could be made that would cause the
unpaid balance of the borrower's debt to exceed $ 300,000.  n186 Section 1943
provided that no guaranteed operating loan could be made that would cause the
unpaid balance of the borrower's debt to exceed $ 400,000.  n187


   Section 806 of the new law combines these amounts for purposes of the loan
limitation, replacing the total unpaid indebtedness to $ 700,000 in guaranteed
loan obligations for both programs.  n188 This new limit also takes into
consideration direct loans that are of the same type.  n189 Thus, a borrower is
limited to $ 700,000 in outstanding guaranteed and direct operating loans, and
to $ 700,000 in guaranteed and direct farm ownership loans.  n190 It also
provides for an indexing of this maximum amount, allowing it to increase
according to the Prices Paid by Farmers Index compiled by the National
Agricultural Statistics Service of the USDA.  n191


   7. New Notice Requirement: Shared Appreciation Mortgages: 7 U.S.C.

    2001(e)


   Section 807 of the new law adds a new notice requirement to the debt
restructuring and loan servicing requirements.  n192 Under this amendment, the
Secretary will be required to notify borrowers at least one year prior to the
end of the term of the shared appreciation agreement associated with their
mortgage.  n193 As with the loan eligibility notice provision contained in the
law, this notice requirement does not take effect until fiscal year 2000.  n194


   8. Revised Percentage to Be Used in Restructuring Computations: 7 U.S.C.

    2001(c)(3)(C)


   The loan servicing and debt restructuring process for farm program loans is
set forth in 7 U.S.C.

    2001. One of the computations made as part of the debt restructuring
analysis is the value of the borrower's restructured loan.  n195 Prior to the
new law,

    2001(c)(3)(C) allowed the Secretary to assume that the borrower  [*237]
would need up to 110% of the amount estimated for payment of farm operating
expenses, debt service obligations, and family living expenses.  n196 This
provided a ten percent cushion for unanticipated or larger than expected
expenses.  n197 Section 808 of the new law amends

    2001(c)(3)(C) to replace the 110% value with 100%.  n198


   D. The Life Insurance Industry


   Historically, life insurance companies have been major investors in real
estate financing. The long-term nature of real estate mortgages has been seen to
match well with the long-term nature of life insurance liabilities. However, the
significance of insurance company lending to the agricultural sector has greatly
decreased.  n199


   At one time, life insurance companies exceeded commercial banks in the amount
of outstanding farm loans.  n200 They maintained this dominance until 1986, when
banks took the market share lead.  n201 Over recent years, their loan share has
diminished, and in 1996-97, life insurance companies only held between five and
six percent of outstanding agricultural loans.  n202


   In addition to the overall decline in the percentage of agricultural lending
done by life insurance companies, a recent ERS analysis revealed significant
trends concerning the agricultural loans that insurance companies do continue to
make.  n203 First, there has been a geographic concentration that has become
apparent. This has produced a shift away from lending to farmers in the Corn
Belt states to lending instead to farmers in the Southeast and the Pacific
Coast.  n204


   Second, in a related shift, insurance companies have tended to prefer to make
loans to larger commercial farms.  n205 Preference is also given to enterprises
with  [*238]  primarily real estate assets as opposed to depreciable buildings,
and with soil and water conditions that minimize farming risks.  n206


   Third, the average loan amount has increased dramatically.  n207 The average
outstanding loan size for an agricultural loan increased 298.2% during 1980- 94.
n208 The ERS analysis concludes that "[l]ife insurance companies are
insignificant players in the market for farm mortgages under $ 150,000 and are
relatively minor players for mortgages under $ 500,000."  n209 At least two
insurance companies restrict new farm loans to those over $ 500,000; one company
requires a minimum of $ 1,000,000.  n210


   Thus, while insurance companies continue to play a role as one of the four
major institutional lenders, this role has decreased, and, although there are
exceptions, this role has only been significant with regard to large farming
operations.


   V. New Issues: The Changing Landscape of Agricultural Lending


   Over the few years, there has been a quiet revolution in farm finance as
important and powerful new players have strengthened their position as
competitive agricultural lenders. "Captive finance companies" now provide a
substantial amount of loans to farmers.  n211 A captive finance company is best
defined as a non-bank lender that is tied to a company that seeks to use
agricultural financing as a tool to market its products or services.  n212


   The combination of product-seller and lender present several distinct
advantages. First, because the lender's profit is not determined solely on the
basis of the loan, but on the purchase of the underlying product, loans can be
made at a rate that may well be lower than either a bank or FCS.  n213

     [*239]

   Second, because the product-seller has an independent relationship with the
farmer, e.g., through the sale of agricultural inputs or farm machinery, the
seller may use this relationship to encourage lending.


   Third, captive finance companies are not regulated as banks,  n214 nor are
they regulated as government instrumentalities (as is FCS), or as a government
agency (as is FSA).  n215 Thus, their lending has all of the efficacy (and all
of the potential dangers) of an unregulated industry. They are able to move
fast, change lending practices frequently, and are able to react quickly to
changes in the market, and to changes in the customer's demands.


   Initially, captive finance lending was limited to the products sold by the
lender. For example, Case Credit Corporation would finance the purchase or lease
of equipment manufactured by Case Corporation. A number of captive finance
lenders have expanded, however, into other areas of agricultural financing,
making loans to pay for services, purchases, and even cash farmland rent that is
not related to the captive finance product.


   Examples of the captive finance companies that are currently active in the
agricultural lending include:


   Agricredit Corporation (fifty-one percent owned by Rabobank Nederland):
reported to have approximately $ 1.2 billion in outstanding loans, offers
machinery and operating loans as well as a farm credit card program;  n216


   Ag Services of America, Inc.: based in Cedar Falls, Iowa, with links to
DeKalb Seed and Novartis, offers flexible operating credit while also serving as
an outlet for all crop input supplies through its AgriFlex program.  n217


   Cooperative Farm Finance Association, Inc. (CFA): a member-owned cooperative
finance association based in Kansas, Missouri, owned in large part by Farmland
Industries, offers to finance all types of farm inputs sold by its member
cooperatives as well as a credit card with a sliding interest rate depending
upon an assessment of the borrower's risk level.  n218

     [*240]

   Case Credit: a financial services subsidiary of Case Corporation, is reported
to have a credit portfolio of $ 5.3 billion in equipment financing. It also
offers a credit card program in conjunction with Nations Bank.  n219


   John Deere Credit: the largest of the captive finance lenders and a
subsidiary of the equipment giant, Deere & Company, reports approximately $ 8.4
billion in net receivables and leases.  n220 It offers financing and leasing
options for farm equipment, operating loans for agricultural inputs and a farm
business credit card, Farm Plan.  n221 Farm Plan accounts are now available in
all fifty states. Its sister program, AgLine, is available in Canada.  n222
Charge volumes for 1996 are estimated at $ 1 billion.  n223 John Deere Credit
has alliances with numerous cooperatives, including Growmark and Countrymark, as
well as Pioneer Hi-Bred International.  n224


   New Holland Credit Co., a subsidiary of Ford Motor Co., presently offers an
operating line of credit program and a credit card.  n225


   VI. Conclusion: Thoughts on Agricultural Finance


   After surveying the farm financial picture as the end of 1998 nears, two
observations are appropriate. The first concerns the potential changes in farm
lending caused by financial stress in 1998. The second concerns a trend in loan
availability that may well transcend this year's financial problems.


   After several years of general farm financial stability and profitability,
most borrowers and lenders entered 1998 with a sense of optimism. In mid-1998,
however, that optimism crashed head on with the reality of the income volatility
of an unregulated agriculture. Low farm prices reduced anticipated farm income
dramatically and concern mounted. Low farm incomes will no doubt cause many
farmers to default on their loan obligations; the unanswered question is how
[*241]  widespread this default will be. Another unknown is how this will affect
lenders' interest in and commitment to agricultural lending.


   The second observation raises a concern about an overall trend in farm
lending. There are numerous lenders that are anxious to expand their farm loan
portfolios. Commercial banks compete with FCS, and both compete with the new
captive finance companies. On the surface it appears that farm loans are readily
available at favorable terms for all farm borrowers. In fact, however, lenders
are really only competing for the "high quality" farm loans. Farm operators that
are considered to be "marginal" are likely to lack credit access.  n226
Beginning farmers, without the track record necessary to prove their credit
worthiness are also likely to be denied loans.  n227 Rural development officials
surveyed by the General Accounting Office confirm this split in access to credit
and define the types of borrowers that have difficulty as "start-up, expanding,
and minority businesses."  n228 Captive finance companies further encourage the
division by utilizing credit scoring systems that approve or deny credit on the
basis of objective criteria and credit history. There is little opportunity in
such a system for explanations and subjective persuasion.


   In a dual borrower system, "high quality" borrowers get loans, and they get
them with promptness, and on terms that are favorable. Other borrowers have to
search for credit, perhaps obtaining loans later in the crop cycle than is
desirable and/or for less amount than that which would be preferred to maximize
profits. If credit is obtained, the loan terms may not be as favorable. Interest
rates may be higher and repayment term shorter. These factors combine to make
the "less than high quality" borrower at a continual competitive disadvantage.
His or her profitability is jeopardized, and the chance to move into that "high
quality" realm is lost. In effect, a kind of agricultural credit underclass is
formed.


   The analysis of these two observations about farm finance will have to be
continued at some point in the future. Both are developing issues, and because
of the dependence of agriculture upon borrowed capital, both raise serious
public policy concerns about the future of American agriculture. Hopefully,
these topics will be considered in a future article.



Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Banking LawBank ActivitiesGeneral OverviewGovernmentsLocal
GovernmentsFinanceReal Property LawFinancingFederal RegulationsFarm Credit Act

FOOTNOTES:




n1  See discussion infra Part II.




n2  See discussion infra Part III.




n3  See discussion infra Part IV.




n4  See discussion infra Part V.




n5  See discussion infra Part VI.




n6  See Thomas L. Frey & Robert H. Behrens, Lending to Agricultural Enterprises
3-4 (1981).




n7  Id. at 3.




n8  See id.




n9  See id.




n10  Id.




n11  See id.




n12  See id.




n13  See id. at 4.




n14  Id. at 3-4.




n15  Id. at 4. Frey and Behrens appear to view the "way of life" model of
farming as inconsistent with the model of a sophisticated business. They state
that agriculture is "in transition" from one system to the other. See id.
Although this raises issues that are beyond the scope of this Article, one can
certainly argue that successful business management is not incompatible with the
concept of family farming. While farming is indisputably a highly capitalized
industry that requires careful management, for many farmers and for the rural
communities in which they live, it also remains a way of life.




n16  See id. at 3-4.




n17  See Jeffrey R. Kayl, Student Paper, Farm Credit Amendments Act of 1985:
Congressional Intent, FCA Implementation and Courts' Interpretation and the
Effect of Subsequent Legislation on the 1985 Act, 37 Drake L. Rev. 271, 279-83
(1988).




n18  See Jerome Stam & James Ryan, Farm Credit Use Up for 6th Straight Year,
Agric. Outlook, June-July 1998, at 16, 17.




n19  See id. at 16.




n20  See Paul Sundell & Ted Covey, Stable Interest Rates, Ample Credit in 1998 &
1999, Agric. Outlook, May 1998, at 27, 28.




n21  See id.




n22  Jerome Stam & James Ryan, Farm Credit Use Up for 5th Straight Year: Market
Stronger for Farm Lenders, Agric. Outlook, April 1997, at 27, 27.




n23  Mitch Morehart et al., Record 1997 Net Cash Income Braces Farms for Market
Downturn, Agric. Outlook, Sept. 1998, at 2, 4.




n24  Stam & Ryan, supra note 18, at 16.




n25  See id. at 19.




n26  See Economic Research Service, United States Department of Agriculture,
Agricultural Relief Package Will Bolster 1998 Farm Income (visited Nov. 26,
1998) <http://www.econ.ag.gov/ Briefing/fbe/fore/ffore.htm>.




n27  See id.




n28  Morehart et al., supra note 23, at 5.




n29  Stam & Ryan, supra note 22, at 16.




n30  Morehart et al., supra note 23, at 4.




n31  See id. at 2.




n32  Id. at 5.




n33  See id. at 2.




n34  Id.




n35  Id.




n36  See Neil D. Hamilton, A Changing Agricultural Law for a Changing
Agriculture, 4 Drake J. Agric. L. 41, 43-47 (1999).




n37  Scott Kilman, Off the Land: On the Northern Plains, Free Market Farming
Yields Pain, Upheaval, Wall St. J., May 5, 1998, at A1.




n38  Scott Kilman, Farm Economy Enters an Anxious Time: Decline in Exports to
Asia and a Drought Worry Farmers and Bankers, Wall St. J., July 16, 1998, at A2.




n39  Id. (quoting Phil Burns, Chief Executive Officer of Farmers & Merchants
National Bank in West Point Nebraska).




n40  Hamilton, supra note 36, at 41, 42.




n41  See, e.g., Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations
Act of 1999, Pub. L. No. 105-277, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) 2681.




n42  For an excellent discussion of the various farm programs, as well as
information on the omnibus appropriations funds devoted thereto, see Christopher
R. Kelley, Federal Farm Program Developments, 4 Drake J. Agric. L. 93 (1999).




n43  Economic Research Service, supra note 26.




n44  See id.




n45  Scott Kilman, Hog Market Collapses on Glut of Animals, Wall St. J., Nov.
27, 1998, at A2.




n46  See Stam & Ryan, supra note 18, at 16.




n47  See Sundell & Covey, supra note 20, at 27; Stam & Ryan, supra note 18, at
16-17.




n48  Economic Research Serv., USDA, Credit in Rural America 6 (1998). Congress
requested a study of the availability of credit in rural areas in the Federal
Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996. See Federal Agriculture
Improvement and Reform Act of 1996, Pub. L. No. 104-127, 650, 110 Stat. 888,
1105. Credit in Rural America is the ERS report that was produced as a result of
this study.




n49  Economic Research Serv., supra note 48, at 6.




n50  See Stam & Ryan, supra note 18, at 17.




n51  See id.




n52  See Sundell & Covey, supra note 20, at 27.




n53  See Economic Research Serv., supra note 48, at 10. Possible reasons for
this stability include "potential antitrust enforcement by the Department of
Justice and bank regulator concerns over the local impacts of mergers." Id.




n54  Economic Research Serv., supra note 48, at 10.




n55  See id.




n56  Id.




n57  This situation may be particularly problematic in the context of
agricultural loans. Uniform Commercial Code provisions protecting the rights of
secured creditors are particularly strong with regard to "floating liens"
applied to crops. In some instances, it is virtually impossible for a farmer to
give the equivalent of a "purchase money security interest" priority to a new
lender that has financed the farmer's crop. This difficulty results in the crop
lender having a "practical monopoly in the extension of production credit to the
farmer." Steve H. Nickles, Setting Farmers Free: Righting the Unintended Anomaly
of UCC Section 9-312(2), 71 Minn. L. Rev. 1135, 1180-88 (1987).




n58  See Sundell & Covey, supra note 20, at 28.




n59  Kilman, supra note 38, at A2.




n60  See id.




n61  See Sundell & Covey, supra note 20, at 27.




n62  See Economic Research Serv., supra note 48, at 10. "Local banking
organizations" are defined as banks with no offices outside that county. See id.




n63  See id. (predicting the percentage has consistently decreased). For
example, the recently approved merger of Norwest Bank with Wells Fargo will
affect many rural banks in Minnesota and the Dakotas.




n64  Id.




n65  See Edward Lotterman, Low Commodity Prices Taking Toll Across the Ninth
District, Fedgazette, Nov. 1998
<http://woodrow.mpls.frb.fed.us/pubs/fedgaz/98-10/adfin.html>. Each quarter the
Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis surveys agricultural bankers in the Ninth
Federal Reserve District (Montana, North & South Dakota, Minnesota, Northwestern
Wisconsin, and the Upper Peninsula of Michigan). See id. In August 1998, 107
bankers responded to the survey, and their responses reflect conditions
experienced during the second quarter of 1998. See id. A summary of the
responses was published on the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis Internet
website. See id.




n66  Id.




n67  See id.




n68  See id.




n69  See id.




n70  Id.




n71  The FCS was created in 1916 to provide agricultural loans "because rural
banks were unable or unwilling to risk doing so." See Economic Research Serv.,
supra note 48, at 11. The authorizing statute states that it is the "policy of
Congress, recognizing that a prosperous, productive agriculture is essential to
a free nation and recognizing the growing need for credit in rural areas, that
the farmer-owned cooperative Farm Credit System be designed to accomplish the
objective of improving the income . . . by furnishing sound, adequate, and
constructive credit and closely related services to them, their cooperatives,
and to selected farm-related businesses necessary for efficient farm
operations." 12 U.S.C.  2001 (1994). For a discussion of the history and purpose
of the FCS, see Christopher R. Kelley & Barbara J. Hoekstra, A Guide to Borrower
Litigation Against the Farm Credit System and the Rights of Farm Credit
Borrowers, 66 N.D. L. Rev. 127, 130-49 (1990).




n72  See Stam & Ryan, supra note 18, at 19.




n73  See id.




n74  See Sundell & Covey, supra note 20, at 28.




n75  See Stam & Ryan, supra note 18, at 19.




n76  Id.




n77  Id.




n78  See Morehart et al., supra note 23, at 5, and accompanying text. See Stam &
Ryan, supra note 18, at 19.




n79  See Farm Credit System Reform Act of 1996, Pub. L. No. 104-105, 208, 110
Stat. 162, 173 (to be codified at 12 U.S.C.  2202a).




n80  See, e.g., 60 Fed. Reg. 47,103, 47,103-106 (proposed Sept. 11, 1995).




n81  See id. at 47,106.




n82  See generally id.




n83  See generally id. (amendment to govern eligibility and purposes for
financing FCS).




n84  See generally 61 Fed. Reg. 42,092 (proposed Aug. 13, 1996) (involving a
reproposal that eliminates current eligibility requirements not required by the
Act).




n85  See id.




n86  See id.




n87  See id.




n88  See Independent Bankers Ass'n of Am. v. Farm Credit Admin., 986 F. Supp.
633, 636 (D.D.C. 1997).




n89  Id.




n90  See id. at 644.




n91  See Independent Bankers Ass'n of Am. v. Farm Credit Admin., 164 F.3d 661,
671 (D.C. Cir. 1999).




n92  See id.




n93  See id.




n94  See id. at 667.




n95  See id. at 671.




n96  See National Agribusiness Trade Credit Program Launched Today: AgSmart
Offers Quick, Easy and Customized Financing Programs, AgSmart Press Release
(Jan. 5, 1998).




n97  See EDS to Provide Comprehensive National Point-of- Sale Financing Program
for Farmers Through the Farm Credit System, AgSmart News Release (Mar. 13,
1998).




n98  See id.




n99  See id.




n100  See Telephone Interview with Lisa Vaughan, Processor Services Analyst,
AgSmart in Plano, Tex. (Sept. 1, 1998).




n101  See EDS to Provide Comprehensive National Point- of-Sale Financing Program
for Farmers Through the Farm Credit System, supra note 97.




n102  See id.




n103  See id.




n104  See id.




n105  See id.




n106  See id.




n107  See Telephone Interview with Lisa Vaughn, supra note 100. The EDS press
release promises approval within 30 minutes. See EDS to Provide Comprehensive
National Point-of-Sale Financing Program for Farmers Through the Farm Credit
System, supra note 97.




n108  See AgSmart, Operating Loan (1998) (pamphlet on file with author).




n109  See id.




n110  See id.




n111  See id.




n112  See id.




n113  See AgSmart, Term Loan/Lease (1998) (pamphlet on file with author).




n114  See id.




n115  See id.




n116  See id.




n117  See id.




n118  See id.




n119  See id.




n120  See id.




n121  AgSmart, Revolving Credit Card (1998) (pamphlet on file with author).




n122  See id.




n123  See id.




n124  See id.




n125  See id.




n126  See id.




n127  See id.




n128  EDS to Provide Comprehensive National Point-of- Sale Financing Program for
Farmers Through the Farm Credit System, supra note 97.




n129  Id.




n130  See 7 U.S.C.  1922 (1994). For a history of the FSA loan programs and
FSA's predecessor agency, Farmers Home Administration, see Curry v. Block, 541
F. Supp. 506 (S.D. Ga. 1982).




n131  U.S. Gen. Accounting Office, Farmers Home Administration: Farm Program
Debt, Delinquencies, and Loan Losses as of June 30, 1989, at 1-3 (1990).




n132  See id. at 2-3.




n133  See Stam & Ryan, supra note 22, at 29.




n134  See Stam & Ryan, supra note 18, at 16.




n135  See id. at 19.




n136  See id. See also U.S. Gen. Accounting Office, Farmers Home Administration:
Implications of the Shift from Direct to Guaranteed Farm Loans 2 (1989)
(discussing the progress of FmHA in shifting its lending focus from direct to
guaranteed lending).




n137  See Stam & Ryan, supra note 18, at 19.




n138  See id.




n139  Even in good financial times, however, certain groups of farmers may have
difficulty obtaining a farm loan from one of the other traditional lenders.
Marginal operators and beginning farmers frequently lack access to credit, even
when the farm economy as a whole is healthy. See id.




n140  Kilman, supra note 37, at A1.




n141  See Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996, Pub. L. No.
104-127, 110 Stat. 888, 1084-1108.




n142  See Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act of
1999, Pub. L. No. 105-277, 801-808, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) 2681, .




n143  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n144  See 7 U.S.C.  2008(h) (Supp. III 1997).




n145  See id.  2008h(a).




n146  See id.  2008h(b).




n147  See id.




n148  See id.




n149  See Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act of
1999, Pub. L. No. 105-277, 801, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) 2681, .




n150  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n151  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n152  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n153  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n154  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at




n155  Id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n156  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n157  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n158  7 U.S.C.  2008h(c) (Supp. III 1997).




n159  See id.  2008h(c); Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental
Appropriations Act of 1999 801, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.).




n160  See id.  802, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n161  See 7 U.S.C.  1964 (1994 & Supp. III 1997).




n162  See Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act of
1999 802, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n163  See id, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n164  Id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n165  Id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n166  See 7 U.S.C.  1508(n) (Supp. III 1997).




n167  See id.  7333.




n168  See id.  7333(i)(3).




n169  See id.  1508(n), 7333(i)(3).




n170  See id.




n171  See id.




n172  See Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act of
1999, Pub. L. No. 105-277, 803, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) 2681, .




n173  See id.  803, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n174  See id.  803, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n175  See 7 U.S.C.  1922(b).




n176  Id.  1922(b)(1).




n177  See Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act of
1999 804, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n178  Id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n179  7 U.S.C.  1922(a)(2) (1994) (applying to direct and guaranteed operating
loans).




n180  See id.  1941(a)(2).




n181  See id.  2006a.




n182  See Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act of
1999 805, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n183  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n184  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n185  See 7 U.S.C.  1925, 1943.




n186  See id.  1925.




n187  See id.  1943.




n188  See Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act of
1999 806, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n189  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n190  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n191  See id.  806, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n192  See id.  907, 1998 U.S.C.A.A.N. (112 Stat.) at (amending 7 U.S.C.  2001).




n193  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n194  See id., 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n195  See 7 U.S.C.  2001(c) (1994).




n196  See 7 U.S.C.A.  2001(c)(3)(C) (West Supp. 1998).




n197  See id.




n198  See Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act of
1999 808, 1998 U.S.C.C.A.N. (112 Stat.) at .




n199  See generally Jerome M. Stam et al., Life Insurance Company Mortgage
Lending to U.S. Agriculture, Economic Research Serv., USDA, Agric. Econ. Rep.
No. 725 (Dec. 1995). This report provides an excellent analysis of the history
of insurance company lending to the agricultural sector and discusses the
reasons why this lending has declined. See generally id.




n200  See id. at 11.




n201  See id. at 11. In 1986, commercial banks held 13.3% of outstanding
agricultural loans while insurance companies held 11.4%. See id.




n202  See Stam & Ryan, supra note 22, at 27. See also Stam & Ryan, supra note
18, at 16-17.




n203  See generally Stam et al., supra note 199.




n204  See id. at 13-15.




n205  See id. at 13.




n206  See id. These trends all indicate a concern for risk avoidance on the part
of the insurance companies. Apparently, it is assumed that the large volume
agribusiness operations present less risk. However, by so limiting their
agricultural portfolio, both by size and by region, the industry may be
concentrating its interests in a way that would be vulnerable to a shift in
profitability or to weather-related losses in a particular area.




n207  See id. at 17.




n208  See id.




n209  Id.




n210  See id. at 18. The analysis states that most insurance companies would
like more farm business, but have difficulty finding borrowers that meet their
lending requirements. Again, it appears that insurance companies view these
larger loans as a less risky investment than the diversified, smaller loans
characteristic of their portfolios in the past. Time will tell whether this, in
fact, will be the case.




n211  See Dan Looker, Captive Finance Companies, Successful Farming, Feb. 1998,
at 18, 18.




n212  See id.




n213  See id. at 18-19.




n214  See id.




n215  See id.




n216  See id. at 18.




n217  See Ag Services of America, Inc. (last modified Feb. 20, 1999)
<http://www.agservice. com>.




n218  See Letter and Informational Material from Theresa M. Wren, Input Finance
Loan Officer, The Cooperative Finance Association, Inc., to Susan A. Schneider
(Sept. 3, 1998) (on file with the Drake Journal of Agricultural Law). Other
financial services advertised by CFA include: commercial lending for seasonal
and term financing for agri-business operations; production agriculture lending
for producers; equipment leasing; and a full service collection agency and
credit management service. See id. In addition, there is a Specialty Lending
Program that offers "single purpose loans to retail agribusiness that have a
borrowing relationship with another lender." Id. CFA also offers wire transfer
services, commercial paper investment options and letter of credit services. See
id.




n219  See Case Corporation (visited Feb. 20, 1999) <http://www.casecredit.com>;
Case Credit Mission Statement ( v i s i t e d J a n . 2 9 , 1 9 9 9 )
<http://www.casecorp.com/credit/who we are/ page1.html>; Case Credit Private
Label Credit Card (visited Feb. 20, 1999) < h t t p : / / w w w . c a s e c o r
p . com/credit/financial/insurance/page12.html>.




n220  See Deere & Co., 1997 Annual Financial Report 22 (1998).




n221  See John Deere Credit (last modified Jan. 30, 1999) <http://www.deere.com/
jdcredit>; Deere & Co., supra note 220, at 22.




n222  See John Deere Credit, supra note 221; Deere & Co., supra note 220, at 22.




n223  See John Deere Credit, supra note 221; Deere & Co., supra note 220, at 22.




n224  See John Deere Credit, supra note 221; Deere & Co., supra note 220, at 22.




n225  See New Holland Credit Co., Credit Application (1996) (pamphlet on file
with author).




n226  See Stam & Ryan, supra note 18, at 19.




n227  See id.




n228  U.S. Gen. Accounting Office, Rural Development: Availability of Capital
for Agriculture, Business, and Infrastructure 2 (1997).


                             146 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            December 7, 2010 Tuesday

Farm Lenders Face Tough Calls If Guarantees Expire

BYLINE: Robert Barba

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 1 Vol. 175 No. 187

LENGTH: 673  words


In just a few weeks, bankers may have to get creative to help farmers who once
relied on government backing of their loans.

Unless Congress acts before Jan. 1, more than 4,200 farmers who have used Farm
Service Agency loans for more than 15 years will be unable to get loans with
federal guarantees. This is significant since farmers often take out operating
loans each year to fund purchases of fertilizer and other supplies.

Farmers may hope that long-standing lender relationships will suffice, but with
regulatory scrutiny increasing, ag banks might be left making some tough
choices.

"This could really put is in a bind with these guys. We may or may not be able
to help them," said Kreg Denton, a senior vice president of First Community Bank
of Western Kentucky in Fancy Farm.

"We won't be able to make a new guaranteed loan - they might be out of
business," Denton said. "We can consider a new line of credit without a
guarantee, but with regulators, safety and soundness is paramount."

A 15-year limit on use of the guarantee program has been in effect since 1996
but was waived by Congress in 2002 and 2008.

In April, Sen. Herb Kohl, D-Wis., introduced a bill to extend the waiver through
Dec. 31, 2012.

In an e-mail, Kohl's office said the bill is widely supported by farm
organizations and agricultural lenders and he hopes the bill will pass by
yearend.

Last month, Rep. Leonard Boswell, D-Iowa, introduced identical legislation, but
issues like unemployment benefits and the Bush-era tax cuts are monopolizing
lawmakers' attention, so farmers, bankers and observers are concerned that the
extension could fall through the cracks.

"It is suffering from benign neglect," said John Blanchfield, the senior vice
president of agricultural and rural banking at the American Bankers Association.
"There are so many other weighty issues."

Though it is a relatively small piece of legislation, the effects could be
significant since it would affect 7% of the 55,000 farmers who rely on
guaranteed loans to fund their businesses. By 2012, that could swell to 7,500,
or about 13%, according to banking groups and Boswell's office.

"This could be a mini farm-credit crisis," said Mark Scanlan, the vice president
of agricultural and rural policy at the Independent Community Bankers of
America. He said the ICBA plans to seek a long-term solution in 2012, when the
2008 farm bill expires and must be reauthorized. "There are just a lot of
inconsistencies with the policy, and it needs to be dealt with in a broader
scale," he said.

Ag banks said they had received lists of borrowers who would either hit or
exceed the 15-year limit if the extension does not pass.

The Farm Service Agency declined to comment immediately, saying it was drafting
a response describing how it is dealing with the impending term limit.

Ag bankers said they use Farm Service Agency guarantees as a last resort for
borrowers who otherwise would not have access to credit. In a perfect world,
they said, a farm should be strong enough after 15 years to borrow without
government backing. However, this does not happen in practice.

"I understand why the term limit exists. After 15 years, you should have
improved your financial position that you don't need a guarantee, or you should
just quit," said Denton, the Kentucky banker. His $76 million-asset bank has 16
borrowers who would meet the 15-year limit on Jan. 1.

"The problem is that farming is cyclical," Denton added. "Last year was pretty
good, but farms won't turn a profit this year because of the drought [in
Kentucky]. Next year is not up to us; the good Lord has to give us rain and
sunshine."

Still, the goal is to get those borrowers to move from guaranteed loans to
traditional products, said Kim Greenland, a market president at Great Western
Bank, the $8.3 billion-asset U.S. unit of National Australia Bank Ltd.

"Each year, we look to see if we can graduate them. That is always the goal,"
Greenland said. "But with all the volatility right now, the timing couldn't be
worse. This would put us in a scramble."

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AB


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             147 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

Homestead brief for 10/31

LENGTH: 293 words


USDA announces streamlined farm loans


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has announced the availability of a
streamlined version of USDA guaranteed loans, which are tailored for smaller
scale farms and urban producers. The program, called EZ Guarantee Loans, uses a
simplified application process to help beginning, small, underserved and family
farmers and ranchers apply for loans of up to $100,000 from USDA-approved
lenders to purchase farmland or finance agricultural operations.


USDA also unveiled a new category of lenders that will join traditional lenders,
such as banks and credit unions, in offering USDA EZ Guarantee Loans.
Microlenders, which include Community Development Financial Institutions and
Rural Rehabilitation Corporations, will be able to offer their customers up to
$50,000 of EZ Guaranteed Loans, helping to reach urban areas and underserved
producers. Banks, credit unions and other traditional USDA-approved lenders, can
offer customers up to $100,000 to help with agricultural operation costs.


USDA is providing a 90-day period for the public to review and comment on
program improvements. To review program details, visit regulations.gov,
reference RIN 0560-AI34 and follow the instructions to submit comments.


More than half of all FSA loans go to new farmers and more than a quarter to
underserved borrowers. FSA also offers loans of up to $5,000 to young farmers
and ranchers though the Youth Loan Program. Loans are made to eligible youth to
finance agricultural projects, with almost 9,000 young people now participating.


More information about the available types of FSA farm loans can be found at
fsa.usda.gov/farmloans or by contacting your local FSA office. To find your
nearest office location, visit http://offices.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             148 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

Homestead brief for 10/31

LENGTH: 293 words


USDA announces streamlined farm loans


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has announced the availability of a
streamlined version of USDA guaranteed loans, which are tailored for smaller
scale farms and urban producers. The program, called EZ Guarantee Loans, uses a
simplified application process to help beginning, small, underserved and family
farmers and ranchers apply for loans of up to $100,000 from USDA-approved
lenders to purchase farmland or finance agricultural operations.


USDA also unveiled a new category of lenders that will join traditional lenders,
such as banks and credit unions, in offering USDA EZ Guarantee Loans.
Microlenders, which include Community Development Financial Institutions and
Rural Rehabilitation Corporations, will be able to offer their customers up to
$50,000 of EZ Guaranteed Loans, helping to reach urban areas and underserved
producers. Banks, credit unions and other traditional USDA-approved lenders, can
offer customers up to $100,000 to help with agricultural operation costs.


USDA is providing a 90-day period for the public to review and comment on
program improvements. To review program details, visit regulations.gov,
reference RIN 0560-AI34 and follow the instructions to submit comments.


More than half of all FSA loans go to new farmers and more than a quarter to
underserved borrowers. FSA also offers loans of up to $5,000 to young farmers
and ranchers though the Youth Loan Program. Loans are made to eligible youth to
finance agricultural projects, with almost 9,000 young people now participating.


More information about the available types of FSA farm loans can be found at
fsa.usda.gov/farmloans or by contacting your local FSA office. To find your
nearest office location, visit http://offices.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             149 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

Homestead brief for 10/31

LENGTH: 293 words


USDA announces streamlined farm loans


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has announced the availability of a
streamlined version of USDA guaranteed loans, which are tailored for smaller
scale farms and urban producers. The program, called EZ Guarantee Loans, uses a
simplified application process to help beginning, small, underserved and family
farmers and ranchers apply for loans of up to $100,000 from USDA-approved
lenders to purchase farmland or finance agricultural operations.


USDA also unveiled a new category of lenders that will join traditional lenders,
such as banks and credit unions, in offering USDA EZ Guarantee Loans.
Microlenders, which include Community Development Financial Institutions and
Rural Rehabilitation Corporations, will be able to offer their customers up to
$50,000 of EZ Guaranteed Loans, helping to reach urban areas and underserved
producers. Banks, credit unions and other traditional USDA-approved lenders, can
offer customers up to $100,000 to help with agricultural operation costs.


USDA is providing a 90-day period for the public to review and comment on
program improvements. To review program details, visit regulations.gov,
reference RIN 0560-AI34 and follow the instructions to submit comments.


More than half of all FSA loans go to new farmers and more than a quarter to
underserved borrowers. FSA also offers loans of up to $5,000 to young farmers
and ranchers though the Youth Loan Program. Loans are made to eligible youth to
finance agricultural projects, with almost 9,000 young people now participating.


More information about the available types of FSA farm loans can be found at
fsa.usda.gov/farmloans or by contacting your local FSA office. To find your
nearest office location, visit http://offices.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             150 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

Homestead brief for 10/31

LENGTH: 293 words


USDA announces streamlined farm loans


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has announced the availability of a
streamlined version of USDA guaranteed loans, which are tailored for smaller
scale farms and urban producers. The program, called EZ Guarantee Loans, uses a
simplified application process to help beginning, small, underserved and family
farmers and ranchers apply for loans of up to $100,000 from USDA-approved
lenders to purchase farmland or finance agricultural operations.


USDA also unveiled a new category of lenders that will join traditional lenders,
such as banks and credit unions, in offering USDA EZ Guarantee Loans.
Microlenders, which include Community Development Financial Institutions and
Rural Rehabilitation Corporations, will be able to offer their customers up to
$50,000 of EZ Guaranteed Loans, helping to reach urban areas and underserved
producers. Banks, credit unions and other traditional USDA-approved lenders, can
offer customers up to $100,000 to help with agricultural operation costs.


USDA is providing a 90-day period for the public to review and comment on
program improvements. To review program details, visit regulations.gov,
reference RIN 0560-AI34 and follow the instructions to submit comments.


More than half of all FSA loans go to new farmers and more than a quarter to
underserved borrowers. FSA also offers loans of up to $5,000 to young farmers
and ranchers though the Youth Loan Program. Loans are made to eligible youth to
finance agricultural projects, with almost 9,000 young people now participating.


More information about the available types of FSA farm loans can be found at
fsa.usda.gov/farmloans or by contacting your local FSA office. To find your
nearest office location, visit http://offices.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                             151 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                            February 8, 2005 Tuesday

Marketplace

SECTION: TODAY'S HEADLINES

LENGTH: 448 words

DATELINE: CHESTERFIELD


Hilltown CDC plans small-farm course

A four-session course "Explore the Small Farm Dream," designed by the New
England Small Farm Institute, will meet on four consecutive Wednesday nights
from 6 to 9, beginning Feb. 23 at Hilltown Community Development Corp.'s new
offices on Route 143. Tuition waivers are available.

The CDC is sponsoring the class with funding through the Ready Resource Fund
with the state Department of Housing and Community Development.

Space is limited and registration is required. Contact Marge at Hilltown CDC by
Feb. 16 at [413] 296-4536, Ext. 12, or at margea@hilltowncdc.org.

International tourism to be topic of talk

PITTSFIELD --Selling the Berkshires as a destination worldwide will be the topic
when Jackie Ennis, managing director of Discover New England, speaks at the
Berkshire Visitors Bureau's monthly Tourism Tuesday luncheon Feb. 22. Her talk,
"Destination Berkshires: Bringing the World to Your Door," will take place at
noon at the Crowne Plaza Hotel.

Ennis will discuss international marketing for the tourism industry, including
the role of Discover New England; the economics of marketing to international
markets; key features that appeal to travelers to New England; and how exchange
rates, online travel and security issues are affecting international travel.

Nonmembers also may attend Tourism Tuesdays, which are held to discuss bureau
activities, provide networking opportunities and offer an introduction to the
organization.

Lunch is a buffet with dessert, and the cost is $15 for members and $20 for
nonmembers. For a reservation or additional information: [413] 743-4500, Ext.
200, by Feb. 16.

Federal loans available for farmers

PITTSFIELD --Funds for operating or ownership loans through the U.S. Farm
Service Agency are available now. Applying early is important so that a loan can
be processed and funded timely.

FSA is committed to providing family farmers with loans to meet their farm
credit needs.

Prospective borrowers should ask their lender about an FSA loan guarantee if
they have had a setback and their lender is reluctant to extend or renew the
loan. Most of FSA's loan programs have special funding available for minority,
female and beginning farmers.

Effective Oct. 1, 2004, FSA's guaranteed loan limits have increased. Limits
include new guaranteed loans plus any outstanding direct or guaranteed principle
balances, as indicated, owed by anyone who will sign the promissory note.

To find out more about FSA loan programs, contact Beverly Rice, Ext. 109, or
Randy Kleiner, Ext. 107, at [413] 585-1000. Information is also available at
www.fsa.usda.gov/dafl/

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

   Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.


                             152 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

ABA Issues Guide To FmHA Lending

                           April 18, 1979, Wednesday

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


To encourage use of the guaranteed loan programs offered by the Farmers Home
Administration, the American Bankers Association has introduced a publication to
provide bankers "how-to-do-it" information for each of the programs.

Entitled "A Banker's Guide to the Farmers Home Administration Guaranteed Loan
Programs," the publication is the most comprehensive and systematic presentation
available on FmHA guaranteed loan programs, Charles N. Finson, chairman of the
sponsoring ABA agricultural bankers division, said.

FmHA has earmarked $50 million for farm ownership loan guarantees and $25
million for farm operating loan guarantees.  The natural emergency loan
guarantees may run as high as $2.5 billion.  These authorizations will expire if
not used by Sept. 30, the FmHA has advised.

"FmHA guaranteed loan programs make good business sense," Mr. Finson declared.
"They provide a business opportunity for bankers as well as additional sources
of funds for bank customers and the community where a bank is located.

"The guide contains a full description of each program, from making the loans to
closing, and includes information on marketing, servicing and much more."

Mr. Finson is also the president of the $32 million-deposit National Bank of
Monticello, Ill.

He noted three basic objectives for the guide: identify and analyze the
advantages and disadvantages to banks for participating in the loan programs;
provide step-by-step procedures and examples of forms and supportive materials
needed for making loans in each guaranteed loan program and assist banks in
complying with the requirements and conditions of the regulations without
reading through all of their complexities.

Changes in the FmHA guaranteed loan programs that affect the ABA guide will be
printed in the agricultural division's Agricultural Banker newsletter.

The guide is available as No. 049100 from Order Processing, ABA, 1120
Connecticut Ave., N.W., Washington 20036.  The price is $25 to ABA members and
$32 to nonmembers.

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 339 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1979 American Banker, Inc.


                             153 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 10, 2014 Monday

Project Financing Loans, Grants, and Loan Guarantees

LENGTH: 3043  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Request For Information And Notice Of Listening Session.
Summary

The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) seeks public comments on implementing the
provisions of Section 6019 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill)
relating to water and waste disposal direct and guaranteed loans. RUS is
requesting written comments regarding the Section 6019 provisions and their
relation to project financing requirements. This public input will allow all
affected stakeholders to contribute to the development of agency procedures for
implementing these provisions that will continue to support the agency's mission
of facilitating the development of affordable, reliable utility infrastructure
to improve the quality of life and promote economic development in rural
America.

As part of our implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill, RUS will be hosting a
listening session. The listening session will provide an opportunity for
stakeholders and other interested parties to offer their comments, concerns or
requests regarding the implementation of these provisions. Instructions
regarding registering for and attending the listening session are in the
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION of this notice.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Background
    Request for Comment
    Listening Session
    Instructions for Attending the Listening Session

DATES: Back to Top

Written Comments: Interested parties must submit written comments on or before
January 9, 2015.

Listening Session: The listening session will be on Wednesday, December 10,
2014, and will begin at 1:00 p.m. and is scheduled to end by 3:00 p.m. All
Participants must register by Monday, December 8, 2014. See the SUPPLEMENTARY
INFORMATION section for additional guidance and information on the listening
session.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

Submit comments in either paper or electronic format by the following methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal at http://www.regulations.gov. Follow instructions
for submitting comments.
    Postal Mail/Commercial Delivery: Please send your comment addressed to
Michele Brooks, Director, Program Development and Regulatory Analysis, USDA
Rural Development, 1400 Independence Avenue, STOP 1522, Room 5159, Washington,
DC 20250- 1522.

Listening Session: The listening session will be held in Room 5141-S of the
South Agriculture Building at 14th and Independence Avenue SW., Wing 1,
Washington, DC 20250. We invite you to participate in the listening session. The
listening session is open to all members of the public who register.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Pamela Bennett, USDA--Rural Utilities Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Stop 1570, Washington, DC 20250-1570, telephone (202) 720-9639 or email to
WEPFarmBill@wdc.usda.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

Background Back to Top

RUS provides long term financing to rural communities for the development of
water and waste disposal infrastructure under the Water and Waste Disposal (WWD)
program. The WWD program is authorized under Section 306 of the Consolidated
Farm and Rural Development Act 7 U.S.C. 1926 et seq. (CONACT), to provide
financing in the form of loans, grants, and loan guarantees to eligible
applicants, including cities, towns, and unincorporated areas with no more than
10,000 inhabitants. This financial assistance is intended to reach communities
in greatest need and to provide reasonable user costs for rural residents,
businesses and other rural users.

Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill (Pub. L. 113-79) amended Section 333 of the
CONACT to require RUS to encourage, to the maximum extent practicable, private
or cooperative lenders to finance rural water and waste disposal facilities. The
section directs the agency to achieve this requirement through the following
five provisions: (A) Maximizing the use of loan guarantees to finance eligible
projects in rural communities in which the population exceeds 5,500; (B)
maximizing the use of direct loans to finance eligible projects if there is a
material impact on the rate payers when compared to a loan guarantee; (C)
establishing and applying a "materiality standard" to determine when to maximize
direct loans as directed in (B); (D) requiring projects that require interim
financing in excess of $500,000 to initially seek financing from private or
cooperative lenders; and (E) determining if an existing direct loan borrower can
refinance with a private or cooperative lender prior to RUS providing a new
direct loan.

RUS regulations for Water and Waste Disposal Programs guaranteed loans, direct
loans and loan servicing are found in 7 CFR Parts 1779, 1780, and 1782,
respectively. These regulations currently address topics discussed in Section
6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill provisions, including but not limited to requirements
for documenting need for RUS financing in lieu of credit elsewhere, graduation
of loans, and interim financing. RUS is analyzing the Section 6019 provisions
and identifying how current regulations may need to be revised. The agency is
also considering how to minimize the impact to rural end users of the
implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill Section 6019 provisions.

RUS invites interested parties including but not limited to rural water systems,
trade associations, consumer groups, financing and lending institutions, and
individuals to comment on the questions and potential requirements proposed
herein. RUS requests that stakeholders provide, in writing, any information or
analysis they believe to be relevant to the implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill
provisions. By further notice in the Federal Register, RUS may terminate, limit,
or otherwise modify the process of obtaining information from interested
parties. RUS encourages interested parties to review the 2014 Farm Bill in its
entirety.
Request for Comment Back to Top

Stakeholder input is vital to ensure that implementation of the provisions of
Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill continue to support the agency's mission,
including ensuring that new regulations and policies do not overly burden the
agency's borrowers and their customers. The following questions and discussion
items are posed to guide stakeholder comments. RUS welcomes pertinent comments
that are beyond the scope of these questions. RUS is requesting comment and
discussion on the following topics:

Maximizing Loan Guarantees. Provision A of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill
directs the agency to "maximize the use of" loan guarantees for projects that
will serve rural communities with populations greater than 5,500. RUS has an
existing regulation for loan guarantees where the Agency guarantees quality
loans for the construction or improvement of water and waste projects serving
the financially needy communities in rural areas (7 CFR 1779). In addition, RUS
has an existing regulatory requirement that applicants must certify in writing,
and the Agency shall determine and document, that the applicant is unable to
finance the proposed project from their own resources or through commercial
credit at reasonable rates and terms (7 CFR 1780.7(d)). The agency currently
does not limit its guaranteed program or test for credit to those communities
with populations of greater than 5,500. The agency requests responses and
comments on the following questions:

1. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the requirements
of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to fully address the
requirements of Provision A?

2. Should RUS require all eligible applicants with a population exceeding 5,500
to apply for a guaranteed loan prior to applying for a direct loan or grant?

3. If not, what criteria should the agency apply in determining whether
applicants should be required to first apply through the guaranteed program?

4. How should the agency handle applicants that do not want to seek commercial
credit or guaranteed loans when they are eligible for the agency's direct loan
and grant program?

5. Are there any other limiting factors or conditions (financial ratios, minimum
loan amounts or other), beyond the 5,500 population required by Provision A of
Section 6019, that the agency should screen for prior to referring borrowers to
cooperative and commercial lenders for guaranteed loans?

6. What barrier(s), if any, to participation in the Water and Waste Disposal
Guaranteed Loan Program exist for eligible rural entities? Can they be addressed
through implementation of Section 6019?

7. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 1through 6 that should be
considered in implementing this provision of Section 6019?

Materiality Standard. Provisions B and C of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill
directs RUS to establish a materiality standard for assessing the impact on
ratepayers in determining when the agency should use direct loans or loan
guarantees. WWD Program regulations, 7 CFR Part 1780, require the agency to
provide loan and grant funds for water and waste projects serving the most
financially needy communities. The existing regulations further require the
agency to provide financial assistance that results in reasonable user costs for
rural residents, rural businesses, and other rural users. The agency presently
uses the median household income of the service area as well as a comparison of
at least 3 similar systems cost to ensure reasonable user costs to the
ratepayers. The agency requests comment on the following topics:

8. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the requirements
of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to fully address the
requirements of Provisions B and C?

9. Should the agency apply Provisions B and C only for eligible projects in
rural communities in which the population exceeds 5,500 to ensure a standard
approach in assessing the impact on rate payers?

10. What factors should be considered in determining the materiality standard
described in Section 6019? For those factors, what is to be considered a
material difference in cost to rate payers?

11. How should RUS define the level of impact to ratepayers at which the agency
will use a direct loan rather than loan guarantee? Should it be based on a set
dollar increase, a percentage of median household income, or some other
approach? If an applicant qualifies for the agency's grant, should this exclude
the applicant from this provision?

12. Under what circumstances should an applicant that is eligible for the direct
loan program be allowed to seek a direct agency loan if they meet or exceed the
materiality threshold?

13. What is the best way to ensure the availability of accurate and timely
information regarding rates and terms of lenders participating in the guaranteed
program so that the impact on rate payers of direct versus guaranteed loans can
be assessed?

14. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 8 through 13 that should
be considered in implementing this provision of Section 6019?

Interim Financing: Provision D of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill directs the
agency to require potential borrowers to seek financing from private or
cooperative lenders for projects requiring greater than $500,000 in interim
financing. RUS's existing regulation allows for interim financing for all loans
exceeding $500,000, where funds can be borrowed at reasonable interest rates on
an interim basis from commercial sources for the construction period (7 CFR
1780.39(d)). The agency requests comment on the following topics:

15. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the requirements
of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to fully address the
requirements of Provision D?

16. In your opinion what constitutes "reasonable interest rates?"

17. Should the impact on rate payers be considered in determining what is
reasonable?

18. In cases where an applicant initially seeks interim financing from private
or cooperative lenders and those lenders indicate a willingness to provide
financing, does this provision of 6019 prevent the applicant from seeking and
obtaining other non-private or non-cooperative lenders interim financing when
doing so would result in a reduction in the overall project cost?

19. Provision D requires the applicant to seek interim financing from private or
cooperative lenders. Should applicants/borrowers still have the option to
decline offers for interim financing? In what instances should this be allowed?

20. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 15 through 19 that should
be considered in implementing this provision of Section 6019?

Referral to Private or Cooperative Lenders. Provision E of Section 6019 of the
2014 Farm Bill directs the Agency to determine if an existing direct loan
borrower can refinance their direct loan with a private or cooperative lender,
including with a loan guarantee, prior to RUS providing a new direct loan. This
language is consistent with RUS's existing regulatory and servicing
requirements. Applicants must certify in writing and the Agency shall determine
and document that the applicant is unable to finance the proposed project from
their own resources or through commercial credit at reasonable rates and terms
(7 CFR 1780.8(d)). In addition, if at any time, it appears to the Government
that the borrower is able to refinance the amount of indebtedness then
outstanding, in whole or in part, by obtaining a loan for such purposes from
responsible cooperative or private credit sources, at reasonable rates and
terms, the borrower will, upon request of the Government, apply for and accept
such loan (7 CFR 1782.11). The agency requests comment on the following topics:

21. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the requirements
of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to fully address the
requirements of Provision E?

22. What process should be used by the agency to refer eligible applicants to
other lenders?

23. What minimum information should be required of the applicant to ensure that
the costs of the referral are not overly burdensome on rural communities?

24. What should the agency do if a potential borrower, who is eligible for the
program, does not want to refinance older loans or use an outside lender?

25. Does Provision E exclude those existing borrowers who are seeking a new loan
that would qualify for an agency grant?

26. What documentation should the agency require of the borrower if they claim
they are unable to refinance with a private or cooperative lender, including
with a loan guarantee?

27. How should the agency handle cases where a private or cooperative lender
indicates a willingness to refinance agency loans, but the applicant believes
that refinancing would be detrimental to their operations and cause an undue
burden on their rate payers?

28. Do commercial and cooperative banks have a threshold (population, dollars,
financial ratios or other) at which they would not consider projects as
candidates for refinancing?

29. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 21 through 28 that should
be considered in implementing this provision of Section 6019?
Listening Session Back to Top

The RUS will hold the Section 6019 Listening Session on Wednesday, December 10,
2014, to receive comments from stakeholders and the public. Oral comments
received from this listening session will be documented. All attendees of this
listening session who submit oral comments are requested to submit a written
copy to help RUS accurately capture public input. In addition, stakeholders and
the public who do not wish to attend or speak at the listening session are
invited to submit written comments which must be received by the date indicated
in the DATES section above.

At the listening session, the focus is for RUS to hear from the public. This is
not a discussion with RUS officials or a question and answer session. As noted
above, the purpose is to receive public input that RUS can consider in order to
implement the provisions of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill. RUS is
interested in receiving input on all aspects of the implementation of these
provisions.

The listening session will begin with brief opening remarks from Agency
leadership in Rural Development. Individual speakers providing oral comments are
requested to be succinct (no more than five minutes) as we do not know at this
time how many participants there will be. We request that speakers providing
oral comments also provide a written copy of their comments. See the ADDRESSES
section above for information about submitting written comments. All
stakeholders and interested members of the public are welcome to register to
provide oral comments; however, if necessary due to time constraints, a limited
number will be selected on a first come, first serve basis.
Instructions for Attending the Listening Session Back to Top

Space for attendance at the listening session is limited. Due to USDA
headquarters security and space requirements, all persons wishing to attend the
listening session in person or via phone must send an email to
WEPFarmBill@wdc.usda.gov by Monday, December 8, 2014, to register. Registrations
will be accepted until maximum capacity is reached. Once registered, you will
receive an email on how to access the listening session remotely. To register,
provide the following information:

First Name
    Last Name
    Organization
    Title
    Email
    Phone Number
    City
    State
    Indicate if you will attend in person and if you wish to provide oral
comments.

Upon arrival at the USDA South Building, registered persons must provide valid
photo identification in order to enter the building. Visitors must enter the
South Building on the Independence Side, 4th Wing. Please allow extra time to
get through security. Additional information about the listening session,
agenda, and directions to get to the listening session, will be available at the
USDA Farm Bill Web site
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navid=farmbill.

Dated: November 4, 2014.

Jasper Schneider,

Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             154 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 10, 2014 Monday

Project Financing Loans, Grants, and Loan Guarantees

LENGTH: 3043  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Request For Information And Notice Of Listening Session.
Summary

The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) seeks public comments on implementing the
provisions of Section 6019 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill)
relating to water and waste disposal direct and guaranteed loans. RUS is
requesting written comments regarding the Section 6019 provisions and their
relation to project financing requirements. This public input will allow all
affected stakeholders to contribute to the development of agency procedures for
implementing these provisions that will continue to support the agency's mission
of facilitating the development of affordable, reliable utility infrastructure
to improve the quality of life and promote economic development in rural
America.

As part of our implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill, RUS will be hosting a
listening session. The listening session will provide an opportunity for
stakeholders and other interested parties to offer their comments, concerns or
requests regarding the implementation of these provisions. Instructions
regarding registering for and attending the listening session are in the
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION of this notice.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Background
    Request for Comment
    Listening Session
    Instructions for Attending the Listening Session

DATES: Back to Top

Written Comments: Interested parties must submit written comments on or before
January 9, 2015.

Listening Session: The listening session will be on Wednesday, December 10,
2014, and will begin at 1:00 p.m. and is scheduled to end by 3:00 p.m. All
Participants must register by Monday, December 8, 2014. See the SUPPLEMENTARY
INFORMATION section for additional guidance and information on the listening
session.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

Submit comments in either paper or electronic format by the following methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal at http://www.regulations.gov. Follow instructions
for submitting comments.
    Postal Mail/Commercial Delivery: Please send your comment addressed to
Michele Brooks, Director, Program Development and Regulatory Analysis, USDA
Rural Development, 1400 Independence Avenue, STOP 1522, Room 5159, Washington,
DC 20250- 1522.

Listening Session: The listening session will be held in Room 5141-S of the
South Agriculture Building at 14th and Independence Avenue SW., Wing 1,
Washington, DC 20250. We invite you to participate in the listening session. The
listening session is open to all members of the public who register.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Pamela Bennett, USDA--Rural Utilities Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Stop 1570, Washington, DC 20250-1570, telephone (202) 720-9639 or email to
WEPFarmBill@wdc.usda.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

Background Back to Top

RUS provides long term financing to rural communities for the development of
water and waste disposal infrastructure under the Water and Waste Disposal (WWD)
program. The WWD program is authorized under Section 306 of the Consolidated
Farm and Rural Development Act 7 U.S.C. 1926 et seq. (CONACT), to provide
financing in the form of loans, grants, and loan guarantees to eligible
applicants, including cities, towns, and unincorporated areas with no more than
10,000 inhabitants. This financial assistance is intended to reach communities
in greatest need and to provide reasonable user costs for rural residents,
businesses and other rural users.

Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill (Pub. L. 113-79) amended Section 333 of the
CONACT to require RUS to encourage, to the maximum extent practicable, private
or cooperative lenders to finance rural water and waste disposal facilities. The
section directs the agency to achieve this requirement through the following
five provisions: (A) Maximizing the use of loan guarantees to finance eligible
projects in rural communities in which the population exceeds 5,500; (B)
maximizing the use of direct loans to finance eligible projects if there is a
material impact on the rate payers when compared to a loan guarantee; (C)
establishing and applying a "materiality standard" to determine when to maximize
direct loans as directed in (B); (D) requiring projects that require interim
financing in excess of $500,000 to initially seek financing from private or
cooperative lenders; and (E) determining if an existing direct loan borrower can
refinance with a private or cooperative lender prior to RUS providing a new
direct loan.

RUS regulations for Water and Waste Disposal Programs guaranteed loans, direct
loans and loan servicing are found in 7 CFR Parts 1779, 1780, and 1782,
respectively. These regulations currently address topics discussed in Section
6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill provisions, including but not limited to requirements
for documenting need for RUS financing in lieu of credit elsewhere, graduation
of loans, and interim financing. RUS is analyzing the Section 6019 provisions
and identifying how current regulations may need to be revised. The agency is
also considering how to minimize the impact to rural end users of the
implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill Section 6019 provisions.

RUS invites interested parties including but not limited to rural water systems,
trade associations, consumer groups, financing and lending institutions, and
individuals to comment on the questions and potential requirements proposed
herein. RUS requests that stakeholders provide, in writing, any information or
analysis they believe to be relevant to the implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill
provisions. By further notice in the Federal Register, RUS may terminate, limit,
or otherwise modify the process of obtaining information from interested
parties. RUS encourages interested parties to review the 2014 Farm Bill in its
entirety.
Request for Comment Back to Top

Stakeholder input is vital to ensure that implementation of the provisions of
Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill continue to support the agency's mission,
including ensuring that new regulations and policies do not overly burden the
agency's borrowers and their customers. The following questions and discussion
items are posed to guide stakeholder comments. RUS welcomes pertinent comments
that are beyond the scope of these questions. RUS is requesting comment and
discussion on the following topics:

Maximizing Loan Guarantees. Provision A of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill
directs the agency to "maximize the use of" loan guarantees for projects that
will serve rural communities with populations greater than 5,500. RUS has an
existing regulation for loan guarantees where the Agency guarantees quality
loans for the construction or improvement of water and waste projects serving
the financially needy communities in rural areas (7 CFR 1779). In addition, RUS
has an existing regulatory requirement that applicants must certify in writing,
and the Agency shall determine and document, that the applicant is unable to
finance the proposed project from their own resources or through commercial
credit at reasonable rates and terms (7 CFR 1780.7(d)). The agency currently
does not limit its guaranteed program or test for credit to those communities
with populations of greater than 5,500. The agency requests responses and
comments on the following questions:

1. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the requirements
of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to fully address the
requirements of Provision A?

2. Should RUS require all eligible applicants with a population exceeding 5,500
to apply for a guaranteed loan prior to applying for a direct loan or grant?

3. If not, what criteria should the agency apply in determining whether
applicants should be required to first apply through the guaranteed program?

4. How should the agency handle applicants that do not want to seek commercial
credit or guaranteed loans when they are eligible for the agency's direct loan
and grant program?

5. Are there any other limiting factors or conditions (financial ratios, minimum
loan amounts or other), beyond the 5,500 population required by Provision A of
Section 6019, that the agency should screen for prior to referring borrowers to
cooperative and commercial lenders for guaranteed loans?

6. What barrier(s), if any, to participation in the Water and Waste Disposal
Guaranteed Loan Program exist for eligible rural entities? Can they be addressed
through implementation of Section 6019?

7. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 1through 6 that should be
considered in implementing this provision of Section 6019?

Materiality Standard. Provisions B and C of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill
directs RUS to establish a materiality standard for assessing the impact on
ratepayers in determining when the agency should use direct loans or loan
guarantees. WWD Program regulations, 7 CFR Part 1780, require the agency to
provide loan and grant funds for water and waste projects serving the most
financially needy communities. The existing regulations further require the
agency to provide financial assistance that results in reasonable user costs for
rural residents, rural businesses, and other rural users. The agency presently
uses the median household income of the service area as well as a comparison of
at least 3 similar systems cost to ensure reasonable user costs to the
ratepayers. The agency requests comment on the following topics:

8. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the requirements
of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to fully address the
requirements of Provisions B and C?

9. Should the agency apply Provisions B and C only for eligible projects in
rural communities in which the population exceeds 5,500 to ensure a standard
approach in assessing the impact on rate payers?

10. What factors should be considered in determining the materiality standard
described in Section 6019? For those factors, what is to be considered a
material difference in cost to rate payers?

11. How should RUS define the level of impact to ratepayers at which the agency
will use a direct loan rather than loan guarantee? Should it be based on a set
dollar increase, a percentage of median household income, or some other
approach? If an applicant qualifies for the agency's grant, should this exclude
the applicant from this provision?

12. Under what circumstances should an applicant that is eligible for the direct
loan program be allowed to seek a direct agency loan if they meet or exceed the
materiality threshold?

13. What is the best way to ensure the availability of accurate and timely
information regarding rates and terms of lenders participating in the guaranteed
program so that the impact on rate payers of direct versus guaranteed loans can
be assessed?

14. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 8 through 13 that should
be considered in implementing this provision of Section 6019?

Interim Financing: Provision D of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill directs the
agency to require potential borrowers to seek financing from private or
cooperative lenders for projects requiring greater than $500,000 in interim
financing. RUS's existing regulation allows for interim financing for all loans
exceeding $500,000, where funds can be borrowed at reasonable interest rates on
an interim basis from commercial sources for the construction period (7 CFR
1780.39(d)). The agency requests comment on the following topics:

15. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the requirements
of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to fully address the
requirements of Provision D?

16. In your opinion what constitutes "reasonable interest rates?"

17. Should the impact on rate payers be considered in determining what is
reasonable?

18. In cases where an applicant initially seeks interim financing from private
or cooperative lenders and those lenders indicate a willingness to provide
financing, does this provision of 6019 prevent the applicant from seeking and
obtaining other non-private or non-cooperative lenders interim financing when
doing so would result in a reduction in the overall project cost?

19. Provision D requires the applicant to seek interim financing from private or
cooperative lenders. Should applicants/borrowers still have the option to
decline offers for interim financing? In what instances should this be allowed?

20. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 15 through 19 that should
be considered in implementing this provision of Section 6019?

Referral to Private or Cooperative Lenders. Provision E of Section 6019 of the
2014 Farm Bill directs the Agency to determine if an existing direct loan
borrower can refinance their direct loan with a private or cooperative lender,
including with a loan guarantee, prior to RUS providing a new direct loan. This
language is consistent with RUS's existing regulatory and servicing
requirements. Applicants must certify in writing and the Agency shall determine
and document that the applicant is unable to finance the proposed project from
their own resources or through commercial credit at reasonable rates and terms
(7 CFR 1780.8(d)). In addition, if at any time, it appears to the Government
that the borrower is able to refinance the amount of indebtedness then
outstanding, in whole or in part, by obtaining a loan for such purposes from
responsible cooperative or private credit sources, at reasonable rates and
terms, the borrower will, upon request of the Government, apply for and accept
such loan (7 CFR 1782.11). The agency requests comment on the following topics:

21. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the requirements
of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to fully address the
requirements of Provision E?

22. What process should be used by the agency to refer eligible applicants to
other lenders?

23. What minimum information should be required of the applicant to ensure that
the costs of the referral are not overly burdensome on rural communities?

24. What should the agency do if a potential borrower, who is eligible for the
program, does not want to refinance older loans or use an outside lender?

25. Does Provision E exclude those existing borrowers who are seeking a new loan
that would qualify for an agency grant?

26. What documentation should the agency require of the borrower if they claim
they are unable to refinance with a private or cooperative lender, including
with a loan guarantee?

27. How should the agency handle cases where a private or cooperative lender
indicates a willingness to refinance agency loans, but the applicant believes
that refinancing would be detrimental to their operations and cause an undue
burden on their rate payers?

28. Do commercial and cooperative banks have a threshold (population, dollars,
financial ratios or other) at which they would not consider projects as
candidates for refinancing?

29. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 21 through 28 that should
be considered in implementing this provision of Section 6019?
Listening Session Back to Top

The RUS will hold the Section 6019 Listening Session on Wednesday, December 10,
2014, to receive comments from stakeholders and the public. Oral comments
received from this listening session will be documented. All attendees of this
listening session who submit oral comments are requested to submit a written
copy to help RUS accurately capture public input. In addition, stakeholders and
the public who do not wish to attend or speak at the listening session are
invited to submit written comments which must be received by the date indicated
in the DATES section above.

At the listening session, the focus is for RUS to hear from the public. This is
not a discussion with RUS officials or a question and answer session. As noted
above, the purpose is to receive public input that RUS can consider in order to
implement the provisions of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill. RUS is
interested in receiving input on all aspects of the implementation of these
provisions.

The listening session will begin with brief opening remarks from Agency
leadership in Rural Development. Individual speakers providing oral comments are
requested to be succinct (no more than five minutes) as we do not know at this
time how many participants there will be. We request that speakers providing
oral comments also provide a written copy of their comments. See the ADDRESSES
section above for information about submitting written comments. All
stakeholders and interested members of the public are welcome to register to
provide oral comments; however, if necessary due to time constraints, a limited
number will be selected on a first come, first serve basis.
Instructions for Attending the Listening Session Back to Top

Space for attendance at the listening session is limited. Due to USDA
headquarters security and space requirements, all persons wishing to attend the
listening session in person or via phone must send an email to
WEPFarmBill@wdc.usda.gov by Monday, December 8, 2014, to register. Registrations
will be accepted until maximum capacity is reached. Once registered, you will
receive an email on how to access the listening session remotely. To register,
provide the following information:

First Name
    Last Name
    Organization
    Title
    Email
    Phone Number
    City
    State
    Indicate if you will attend in person and if you wish to provide oral
comments.

Upon arrival at the USDA South Building, registered persons must provide valid
photo identification in order to enter the building. Visitors must enter the
South Building on the Independence Side, 4th Wing. Please allow extra time to
get through security. Additional information about the listening session,
agenda, and directions to get to the listening session, will be available at the
USDA Farm Bill Web site
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navid=farmbill.

Dated: November 4, 2014.

Jasper Schneider,

Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             155 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            March 21, 1998 Saturday

OFFICIALS SEEK ADDED LOANS FOR FLOOD-AFFLICTED FARMERS

BYLINE: Lee Egerstrom, Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS TWIN CITIES; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 530 words


Responding to last year's floods and the spread of wheat disease that followed
in the Red River Valley, Minnesota and North Dakota state Farm Service Agency
directors said Friday they are seeking an additional $105 million in federal
loan funds to help get farmers back in their fields this spring.

State directors of Farm Service Agency offices in St. Paul and Fargo said they
expect their agencies will exhaust existing allocations for federal farm loans
by early April.

Wally Sparby, executive director of the agency in Minnesota, said in a statement
issued late Friday that he expects the need for federal farm loan assistance
will grow as spring approaches.

"Farmers and the public can be assured that the agency is doing everything
within its power to help," he said. "Once producers have fully identified their
financial needs, I expect to see an increase in numbers."

But in the meantime, agency officials in the two states are finding a financial
crisis developing in the valley, especially for wheat farmers.

Sparby and his North Dakota counterpart, Scott Stofferahn, conducted a two-state
survey of the valley and North Dakota wheat areas on March 12. The agencies are
part of federal and state programs directing assistance to farms and communities
harmed by last spring's flooding along the Red River of the North.

The agencies also administer emergency, direct farm operating and guaranteed
subsidized farm loans that are major programs of the former Farmers Home
Administration before USDA offices and agencies were reorganized. The Farm
Service Agency, like its predecessor, remains the so-called "lender of last
resort" for farmers who have been denied credit from other bankers.

While last spring's flooding in the valley was widely known, less public
attention was given to how wet fields contributed to the spread of scab, a wheat
disease that ruined crops for farmers on both sides of the river.

Sparby's agency in Minnesota had appropriations of $59.1 million for these
programs. It is seeking $34 million in additional funds to meet farm family
needs in Kittson, Roseau, Marshall, Polk, Pennington, Red Lake, Norman and
Mahnomen counties.

The biggest increase in projected needs is for the agency to help farmers and
lenders restructure existing loans following last year's poor wheat crop. Income
from wheat farming was further hurt by declining wheat prices, both from a
rebuilding of world wheat stocks and from weaker export demand - particularly in
Asia.

Problems are increasing for wheat farmers across North Dakota, but most new loan
applications and calls for loan restructuring assistance are coming from farmers
in the eastern counties along the Red River.

In a statement issued for North Dakota, Stofferahn projected that an additional
$15.5 million is need for the agency's direct farm operating loans, $11.4
million for borrowers to convert existing loans, and $44 million for new
applicants seeking guaranteed subsidized loans. The latter, guaranteed loans,
are loans written by commercial and cooperative lenders who have secured USDA
guarantees to back up a majority of the loan value.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 1998 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             156 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 10, 2014 Monday

Washington: Project Financing Loans, Grants, and Loan Guarantees

LENGTH: 3089  words

DATELINE: Washington


Federal Register, The Government of USA has issued the following notice:

[Federal Register Volume 79, Number 217 (Monday, November 10, 2014)]
[Notices]
[Pages 66692-66694]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2014-26612]


-----------------------------------------------------------------------

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Rural Utilities Service


Project Financing Loans, Grants, and Loan Guarantees

AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA.

ACTION: Request for Information and Notice of Listening Session.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) seeks public comments on
implementing the provisions of Section 6019 of the Agricultural Act of
2014 (2014 Farm Bill) relating to water and waste disposal direct and
guaranteed loans. RUS is requesting written comments regarding the
Section 6019 provisions and their relation to project financing
requirements. This public input will allow all affected stakeholders to
contribute to the development of agency procedures for implementing
these provisions that will continue to support the agency's mission of
facilitating the development of affordable, reliable utility
infrastructure to improve the quality of life and promote economic
development in rural America.
 As part of our implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill, RUS will be
hosting a listening session. The listening session will provide an
opportunity for stakeholders and other interested parties to offer
their comments, concerns or requests regarding the implementation of
these provisions. Instructions regarding registering for and attending
the listening session are in the SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION of this
notice.

DATES: Written Comments: Interested parties must submit written
comments on or before January 9, 2015.
 Listening Session: The listening session will be on Wednesday,
December 10, 2014, and will begin at 1:00 p.m. and is scheduled to end
by 3:00 p.m. All Participants must register by Monday, December 8,
2014. See the SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION section for additional guidance
and information on the listening session.

ADDRESSES: Submit comments in either paper or electronic format by the
following methods:
 Federal eRulemaking Portal at http://www.regulations.gov.
Follow instructions for submitting comments.
 Postal Mail/Commercial Delivery: Please send your comment
addressed to Michele Brooks, Director, Program Development and
Regulatory Analysis, USDA Rural Development, 1400 Independence Avenue,
STOP 1522, Room 5159, Washington, DC 20250- 1522.
 Listening Session: The listening session will be held in Room 5141-
S of the South Agriculture Building at 14th and Independence Avenue
SW., Wing 1, Washington, DC 20250. We invite you to participate in the
listening session. The listening session is open to all members of the
public who register.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Pamela Bennett, USDA--Rural Utilities
Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop 1570, Washington, DC 20250-
1570, telephone (202) 720-9639 or email to WEPFarmBill@wdc.usda.gov

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

Background

RUS provides long term financing to rural communities for the
development of water and waste disposal infrastructure under the Water
and Waste Disposal (WWD) program. The WWD program is authorized under
Section 306 of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act 7 U.S.C.
1926 et seq. (CONACT), to provide financing in the form of loans,
grants, and loan guarantees to eligible applicants, including cities,
towns, and unincorporated areas with no more than 10,000 inhabitants.
This financial assistance is intended to reach communities in greatest
need and to provide reasonable user costs for rural residents,
businesses and other rural users.
 Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill (Pub. L. 113-79) amended Section
333 of the CONACT to require RUS to encourage, to the maximum extent
practicable, private or cooperative lenders to finance rural water and
waste disposal facilities. The section directs the agency to achieve
this requirement through the following five provisions: (A) Maximizing
the use of loan guarantees to finance eligible projects in rural
communities in which the population exceeds 5,500; (B) maximizing the
use of direct loans to finance eligible projects if there is a material
impact on the rate payers when compared to a loan guarantee; (C)
establishing and applying a ``materiality standard'' to determine when
to maximize direct loans as directed in (B); (D) requiring projects
that require interim financing in excess of $500,000 to initially seek
financing from private or cooperative lenders; and (E) determining if
an existing direct loan borrower can refinance with a private or
cooperative lender prior to RUS providing a new direct loan.
 RUS regulations for Water and Waste Disposal Programs guaranteed
loans, direct loans and loan servicing are found in 7 CFR Parts 1779,
1780, and

[[Page 66693]]

1782, respectively. These regulations currently address topics
discussed in Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill provisions, including
but not limited to requirements for documenting need for RUS financing
in lieu of credit elsewhere, graduation of loans, and interim
financing. RUS is analyzing the Section 6019 provisions and identifying
how current regulations may need to be revised. The agency is also
considering how to minimize the impact to rural end users of the
implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill Section 6019 provisions.
 RUS invites interested parties including but not limited to rural
water systems, trade associations, consumer groups, financing and
lending institutions, and individuals to comment on the questions and
potential requirements proposed herein. RUS requests that stakeholders
provide, in writing, any information or analysis they believe to be
relevant to the implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill provisions. By
further notice in the Federal Register, RUS may terminate, limit, or
otherwise modify the process of obtaining information from interested
parties. RUS encourages interested parties to review the 2014 Farm Bill
in its entirety.

Request for Comment

Stakeholder input is vital to ensure that implementation of the
provisions of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill continue to support
the agency's mission, including ensuring that new regulations and
policies do not overly burden the agency's borrowers and their
customers. The following questions and discussion items are posed to
guide stakeholder comments. RUS welcomes pertinent comments that are
beyond the scope of these questions. RUS is requesting comment and
discussion on the following topics:
 Maximizing Loan Guarantees. Provision A of Section 6019 of the 2014
Farm Bill directs the agency to ``maximize the use of'' loan guarantees
for projects that will serve rural communities with populations greater
than 5,500. RUS has an existing regulation for loan guarantees where
the Agency guarantees quality loans for the construction or improvement
of water and waste projects serving the financially needy communities
in rural areas (7 CFR 1779). In addition, RUS has an existing
regulatory requirement that applicants must certify in writing, and the
Agency shall determine and document, that the applicant is unable to
finance the proposed project from their own resources or through
commercial credit at reasonable rates and terms (7 CFR 1780.7(d)). The
agency currently does not limit its guaranteed program or test for
credit to those communities with populations of greater than 5,500. The
agency requests responses and comments on the following questions:
 1. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the
requirements of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to
fully address the requirements of Provision A?
 2. Should RUS require all eligible applicants with a population
exceeding 5,500 to apply for a guaranteed loan prior to applying for a
direct loan or grant?
 3. If not, what criteria should the agency apply in determining
whether applicants should be required to first apply through the
guaranteed program?
 4. How should the agency handle applicants that do not want to seek
commercial credit or guaranteed loans when they are eligible for the
agency's direct loan and grant program?
 5. Are there any other limiting factors or conditions (financial
ratios, minimum loan amounts or other), beyond the 5,500 population
required by Provision A of Section 6019, that the agency should screen
for prior to referring borrowers to cooperative and commercial lenders
for guaranteed loans?
 6. What barrier(s), if any, to participation in the Water and Waste
Disposal Guaranteed Loan Program exist for eligible rural entities? Can
they be addressed through implementation of Section 6019?
 7. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 1through 6
that should be considered in implementing this provision of Section
6019?
 Materiality Standard. Provisions B and C of Section 6019 of the
2014 Farm Bill directs RUS to establish a materiality standard for
assessing the impact on ratepayers in determining when the agency
should use direct loans or loan guarantees. WWD Program regulations, 7
CFR Part 1780, require the agency to provide loan and grant funds for
water and waste projects serving the most financially needy
communities. The existing regulations further require the agency to
provide financial assistance that results in reasonable user costs for
rural residents, rural businesses, and other rural users. The agency
presently uses the median household income of the service area as well
as a comparison of at least 3 similar systems cost to ensure reasonable
user costs to the ratepayers. The agency requests comment on the
following topics:
 8. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the
requirements of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to
fully address the requirements of Provisions B and C?
 9. Should the agency apply Provisions B and C only for eligible
projects in rural communities in which the population exceeds 5,500 to
ensure a standard approach in assessing the impact on rate payers?
 10. What factors should be considered in determining the
materiality standard described in Section 6019? For those factors, what
is to be considered a material difference in cost to rate payers?
 11. How should RUS define the level of impact to ratepayers at
which the agency will use a direct loan rather than loan guarantee?
Should it be based on a set dollar increase, a percentage of median
household income, or some other approach? If an applicant qualifies for
the agency's grant, should this exclude the applicant from this
provision?
 12. Under what circumstances should an applicant that is eligible
for the direct loan program be allowed to seek a direct agency loan if
they meet or exceed the materiality threshold?
 13. What is the best way to ensure the availability of accurate and
timely information regarding rates and terms of lenders participating
in the guaranteed program so that the impact on rate payers of direct
versus guaranteed loans can be assessed?
 14. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 8 through 13
that should be considered in implementing this provision of Section
6019?
 Interim Financing: Provision D of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm
Bill directs the agency to require potential borrowers to seek
financing from private or cooperative lenders for projects requiring
greater than $500,000 in interim financing. RUS's existing regulation
allows for interim financing for all loans exceeding $500,000, where
funds can be borrowed at reasonable interest rates on an interim basis
from commercial sources for the construction period (7 CFR 1780.39(d)).
The agency requests comment on the following topics:
 15. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the
requirements of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to
fully address the requirements of Provision D?
 16. In your opinion what constitutes ``reasonable interest rates?''

[[Page 66694]]

17. Should the impact on rate payers be considered in determining
what is reasonable?
 18. In cases where an applicant initially seeks interim financing
from private or cooperative lenders and those lenders indicate a
willingness to provide financing, does this provision of 6019 prevent
the applicant from seeking and obtaining other non-private or non-
cooperative lenders interim financing when doing so would result in a
reduction in the overall project cost?
 19. Provision D requires the applicant to seek interim financing
from private or cooperative lenders. Should applicants/borrowers still
have the option to decline offers for interim financing? In what
instances should this be allowed?
 20. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 15 through 19
that should be considered in implementing this provision of Section
6019?
 Referral to Private or Cooperative Lenders. Provision E of Section
6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill directs the Agency to determine if an
existing direct loan borrower can refinance their direct loan with a
private or cooperative lender, including with a loan guarantee, prior
to RUS providing a new direct loan. This language is consistent with
RUS's existing regulatory and servicing requirements. Applicants must
certify in writing and the Agency shall determine and document that the
applicant is unable to finance the proposed project from their own
resources or through commercial credit at reasonable rates and terms (7
CFR 1780.8(d)). In addition, if at any time, it appears to the
Government that the borrower is able to refinance the amount of
indebtedness then outstanding, in whole or in part, by obtaining a loan
for such purposes from responsible cooperative or private credit
sources, at reasonable rates and terms, the borrower will, upon request
of the Government, apply for and accept such loan (7 CFR 1782.11). The
agency requests comment on the following topics:
 21. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the
requirements of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to
fully address the requirements of Provision E?
 22. What process should be used by the agency to refer eligible
applicants to other lenders?
 23. What minimum information should be required of the applicant to
ensure that the costs of the referral are not overly burdensome on
rural communities?
 24. What should the agency do if a potential borrower, who is
eligible for the program, does not want to refinance older loans or use
an outside lender?
 25. Does Provision E exclude those existing borrowers who are
seeking a new loan that would qualify for an agency grant?
 26. What documentation should the agency require of the borrower if
they claim they are unable to refinance with a private or cooperative
lender, including with a loan guarantee?
 27. How should the agency handle cases where a private or
cooperative lender indicates a willingness to refinance agency loans,
but the applicant believes that refinancing would be detrimental to
their operations and cause an undue burden on their rate payers?
 28. Do commercial and cooperative banks have a threshold
(population, dollars, financial ratios or other) at which they would
not consider projects as candidates for refinancing?
 29. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 21 through 28
that should be considered in implementing this provision of Section
6019?

Listening Session

The RUS will hold the Section 6019 Listening Session on Wednesday,
December 10, 2014, to receive comments from stakeholders and the
public. Oral comments received from this listening session will be
documented. All attendees of this listening session who submit oral
comments are requested to submit a written copy to help RUS accurately
capture public input. In addition, stakeholders and the public who do
not wish to attend or speak at the listening session are invited to
submit written comments which must be received by the date indicated in
the DATES section above.
 At the listening session, the focus is for RUS to hear from the
public. This is not a discussion with RUS officials or a question and
answer session. As noted above, the purpose is to receive public input
that RUS can consider in order to implement the provisions of Section
6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill. RUS is interested in receiving input on all
aspects of the implementation of these provisions.
 The listening session will begin with brief opening remarks from
Agency leadership in Rural Development. Individual speakers providing
oral comments are requested to be succinct (no more than five minutes)
as we do not know at this time how many participants there will be. We
request that speakers providing oral comments also provide a written
copy of their comments. See the ADDRESSES section above for information
about submitting written comments. All stakeholders and interested
members of the public are welcome to register to provide oral comments;
however, if necessary due to time constraints, a limited number will be
selected on a first come, first serve basis.

Instructions for Attending the Listening Session

Space for attendance at the listening session is limited. Due to
USDA headquarters security and space requirements, all persons wishing
to attend the listening session in person or via phone must send an
email to WEPFarmBill@wdc.usda.gov by Monday, December 8, 2014, to
register. Registrations will be accepted until maximum capacity is
reached. Once registered, you will receive an email on how to access
the listening session remotely. To register, provide the following
information:

First Name
 Last Name
 Organization
 Title
 Email
 Phone Number
 City
 State
 Indicate if you will attend in person and if you wish to
provide oral comments.

Upon arrival at the USDA South Building, registered persons must
provide valid photo identification in order to enter the building.
Visitors must enter the South Building on the Independence Side, 4th
Wing. Please allow extra time to get through security. Additional
information about the listening session, agenda, and directions to get
to the listening session, will be available at the USDA Farm Bill Web
site http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navid=farmbill.

Dated: November 4, 2014.
Jasper Schneider,
Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.
[FR Doc. 2014-26612 Filed 11-7-14; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             157 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 10, 2014 Monday

Washington: Project Financing Loans, Grants, and Loan Guarantees

LENGTH: 3089  words

DATELINE: Washington


Federal Register, The Government of USA has issued the following notice:

[Federal Register Volume 79, Number 217 (Monday, November 10, 2014)]
[Notices]
[Pages 66692-66694]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2014-26612]


-----------------------------------------------------------------------

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Rural Utilities Service


Project Financing Loans, Grants, and Loan Guarantees

AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA.

ACTION: Request for Information and Notice of Listening Session.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) seeks public comments on
implementing the provisions of Section 6019 of the Agricultural Act of
2014 (2014 Farm Bill) relating to water and waste disposal direct and
guaranteed loans. RUS is requesting written comments regarding the
Section 6019 provisions and their relation to project financing
requirements. This public input will allow all affected stakeholders to
contribute to the development of agency procedures for implementing
these provisions that will continue to support the agency's mission of
facilitating the development of affordable, reliable utility
infrastructure to improve the quality of life and promote economic
development in rural America.
 As part of our implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill, RUS will be
hosting a listening session. The listening session will provide an
opportunity for stakeholders and other interested parties to offer
their comments, concerns or requests regarding the implementation of
these provisions. Instructions regarding registering for and attending
the listening session are in the SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION of this
notice.

DATES: Written Comments: Interested parties must submit written
comments on or before January 9, 2015.
 Listening Session: The listening session will be on Wednesday,
December 10, 2014, and will begin at 1:00 p.m. and is scheduled to end
by 3:00 p.m. All Participants must register by Monday, December 8,
2014. See the SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION section for additional guidance
and information on the listening session.

ADDRESSES: Submit comments in either paper or electronic format by the
following methods:
 Federal eRulemaking Portal at http://www.regulations.gov.
Follow instructions for submitting comments.
 Postal Mail/Commercial Delivery: Please send your comment
addressed to Michele Brooks, Director, Program Development and
Regulatory Analysis, USDA Rural Development, 1400 Independence Avenue,
STOP 1522, Room 5159, Washington, DC 20250- 1522.
 Listening Session: The listening session will be held in Room 5141-
S of the South Agriculture Building at 14th and Independence Avenue
SW., Wing 1, Washington, DC 20250. We invite you to participate in the
listening session. The listening session is open to all members of the
public who register.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Pamela Bennett, USDA--Rural Utilities
Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop 1570, Washington, DC 20250-
1570, telephone (202) 720-9639 or email to WEPFarmBill@wdc.usda.gov

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

Background

RUS provides long term financing to rural communities for the
development of water and waste disposal infrastructure under the Water
and Waste Disposal (WWD) program. The WWD program is authorized under
Section 306 of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act 7 U.S.C.
1926 et seq. (CONACT), to provide financing in the form of loans,
grants, and loan guarantees to eligible applicants, including cities,
towns, and unincorporated areas with no more than 10,000 inhabitants.
This financial assistance is intended to reach communities in greatest
need and to provide reasonable user costs for rural residents,
businesses and other rural users.
 Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill (Pub. L. 113-79) amended Section
333 of the CONACT to require RUS to encourage, to the maximum extent
practicable, private or cooperative lenders to finance rural water and
waste disposal facilities. The section directs the agency to achieve
this requirement through the following five provisions: (A) Maximizing
the use of loan guarantees to finance eligible projects in rural
communities in which the population exceeds 5,500; (B) maximizing the
use of direct loans to finance eligible projects if there is a material
impact on the rate payers when compared to a loan guarantee; (C)
establishing and applying a ``materiality standard'' to determine when
to maximize direct loans as directed in (B); (D) requiring projects
that require interim financing in excess of $500,000 to initially seek
financing from private or cooperative lenders; and (E) determining if
an existing direct loan borrower can refinance with a private or
cooperative lender prior to RUS providing a new direct loan.
 RUS regulations for Water and Waste Disposal Programs guaranteed
loans, direct loans and loan servicing are found in 7 CFR Parts 1779,
1780, and

[[Page 66693]]

1782, respectively. These regulations currently address topics
discussed in Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill provisions, including
but not limited to requirements for documenting need for RUS financing
in lieu of credit elsewhere, graduation of loans, and interim
financing. RUS is analyzing the Section 6019 provisions and identifying
how current regulations may need to be revised. The agency is also
considering how to minimize the impact to rural end users of the
implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill Section 6019 provisions.
 RUS invites interested parties including but not limited to rural
water systems, trade associations, consumer groups, financing and
lending institutions, and individuals to comment on the questions and
potential requirements proposed herein. RUS requests that stakeholders
provide, in writing, any information or analysis they believe to be
relevant to the implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill provisions. By
further notice in the Federal Register, RUS may terminate, limit, or
otherwise modify the process of obtaining information from interested
parties. RUS encourages interested parties to review the 2014 Farm Bill
in its entirety.

Request for Comment

Stakeholder input is vital to ensure that implementation of the
provisions of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill continue to support
the agency's mission, including ensuring that new regulations and
policies do not overly burden the agency's borrowers and their
customers. The following questions and discussion items are posed to
guide stakeholder comments. RUS welcomes pertinent comments that are
beyond the scope of these questions. RUS is requesting comment and
discussion on the following topics:
 Maximizing Loan Guarantees. Provision A of Section 6019 of the 2014
Farm Bill directs the agency to ``maximize the use of'' loan guarantees
for projects that will serve rural communities with populations greater
than 5,500. RUS has an existing regulation for loan guarantees where
the Agency guarantees quality loans for the construction or improvement
of water and waste projects serving the financially needy communities
in rural areas (7 CFR 1779). In addition, RUS has an existing
regulatory requirement that applicants must certify in writing, and the
Agency shall determine and document, that the applicant is unable to
finance the proposed project from their own resources or through
commercial credit at reasonable rates and terms (7 CFR 1780.7(d)). The
agency currently does not limit its guaranteed program or test for
credit to those communities with populations of greater than 5,500. The
agency requests responses and comments on the following questions:
 1. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the
requirements of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to
fully address the requirements of Provision A?
 2. Should RUS require all eligible applicants with a population
exceeding 5,500 to apply for a guaranteed loan prior to applying for a
direct loan or grant?
 3. If not, what criteria should the agency apply in determining
whether applicants should be required to first apply through the
guaranteed program?
 4. How should the agency handle applicants that do not want to seek
commercial credit or guaranteed loans when they are eligible for the
agency's direct loan and grant program?
 5. Are there any other limiting factors or conditions (financial
ratios, minimum loan amounts or other), beyond the 5,500 population
required by Provision A of Section 6019, that the agency should screen
for prior to referring borrowers to cooperative and commercial lenders
for guaranteed loans?
 6. What barrier(s), if any, to participation in the Water and Waste
Disposal Guaranteed Loan Program exist for eligible rural entities? Can
they be addressed through implementation of Section 6019?
 7. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 1through 6
that should be considered in implementing this provision of Section
6019?
 Materiality Standard. Provisions B and C of Section 6019 of the
2014 Farm Bill directs RUS to establish a materiality standard for
assessing the impact on ratepayers in determining when the agency
should use direct loans or loan guarantees. WWD Program regulations, 7
CFR Part 1780, require the agency to provide loan and grant funds for
water and waste projects serving the most financially needy
communities. The existing regulations further require the agency to
provide financial assistance that results in reasonable user costs for
rural residents, rural businesses, and other rural users. The agency
presently uses the median household income of the service area as well
as a comparison of at least 3 similar systems cost to ensure reasonable
user costs to the ratepayers. The agency requests comment on the
following topics:
 8. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the
requirements of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to
fully address the requirements of Provisions B and C?
 9. Should the agency apply Provisions B and C only for eligible
projects in rural communities in which the population exceeds 5,500 to
ensure a standard approach in assessing the impact on rate payers?
 10. What factors should be considered in determining the
materiality standard described in Section 6019? For those factors, what
is to be considered a material difference in cost to rate payers?
 11. How should RUS define the level of impact to ratepayers at
which the agency will use a direct loan rather than loan guarantee?
Should it be based on a set dollar increase, a percentage of median
household income, or some other approach? If an applicant qualifies for
the agency's grant, should this exclude the applicant from this
provision?
 12. Under what circumstances should an applicant that is eligible
for the direct loan program be allowed to seek a direct agency loan if
they meet or exceed the materiality threshold?
 13. What is the best way to ensure the availability of accurate and
timely information regarding rates and terms of lenders participating
in the guaranteed program so that the impact on rate payers of direct
versus guaranteed loans can be assessed?
 14. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 8 through 13
that should be considered in implementing this provision of Section
6019?
 Interim Financing: Provision D of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm
Bill directs the agency to require potential borrowers to seek
financing from private or cooperative lenders for projects requiring
greater than $500,000 in interim financing. RUS's existing regulation
allows for interim financing for all loans exceeding $500,000, where
funds can be borrowed at reasonable interest rates on an interim basis
from commercial sources for the construction period (7 CFR 1780.39(d)).
The agency requests comment on the following topics:
 15. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the
requirements of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to
fully address the requirements of Provision D?
 16. In your opinion what constitutes ``reasonable interest rates?''

[[Page 66694]]

17. Should the impact on rate payers be considered in determining
what is reasonable?
 18. In cases where an applicant initially seeks interim financing
from private or cooperative lenders and those lenders indicate a
willingness to provide financing, does this provision of 6019 prevent
the applicant from seeking and obtaining other non-private or non-
cooperative lenders interim financing when doing so would result in a
reduction in the overall project cost?
 19. Provision D requires the applicant to seek interim financing
from private or cooperative lenders. Should applicants/borrowers still
have the option to decline offers for interim financing? In what
instances should this be allowed?
 20. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 15 through 19
that should be considered in implementing this provision of Section
6019?
 Referral to Private or Cooperative Lenders. Provision E of Section
6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill directs the Agency to determine if an
existing direct loan borrower can refinance their direct loan with a
private or cooperative lender, including with a loan guarantee, prior
to RUS providing a new direct loan. This language is consistent with
RUS's existing regulatory and servicing requirements. Applicants must
certify in writing and the Agency shall determine and document that the
applicant is unable to finance the proposed project from their own
resources or through commercial credit at reasonable rates and terms (7
CFR 1780.8(d)). In addition, if at any time, it appears to the
Government that the borrower is able to refinance the amount of
indebtedness then outstanding, in whole or in part, by obtaining a loan
for such purposes from responsible cooperative or private credit
sources, at reasonable rates and terms, the borrower will, upon request
of the Government, apply for and accept such loan (7 CFR 1782.11). The
agency requests comment on the following topics:
 21. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the
requirements of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to
fully address the requirements of Provision E?
 22. What process should be used by the agency to refer eligible
applicants to other lenders?
 23. What minimum information should be required of the applicant to
ensure that the costs of the referral are not overly burdensome on
rural communities?
 24. What should the agency do if a potential borrower, who is
eligible for the program, does not want to refinance older loans or use
an outside lender?
 25. Does Provision E exclude those existing borrowers who are
seeking a new loan that would qualify for an agency grant?
 26. What documentation should the agency require of the borrower if
they claim they are unable to refinance with a private or cooperative
lender, including with a loan guarantee?
 27. How should the agency handle cases where a private or
cooperative lender indicates a willingness to refinance agency loans,
but the applicant believes that refinancing would be detrimental to
their operations and cause an undue burden on their rate payers?
 28. Do commercial and cooperative banks have a threshold
(population, dollars, financial ratios or other) at which they would
not consider projects as candidates for refinancing?
 29. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 21 through 28
that should be considered in implementing this provision of Section
6019?

Listening Session

The RUS will hold the Section 6019 Listening Session on Wednesday,
December 10, 2014, to receive comments from stakeholders and the
public. Oral comments received from this listening session will be
documented. All attendees of this listening session who submit oral
comments are requested to submit a written copy to help RUS accurately
capture public input. In addition, stakeholders and the public who do
not wish to attend or speak at the listening session are invited to
submit written comments which must be received by the date indicated in
the DATES section above.
 At the listening session, the focus is for RUS to hear from the
public. This is not a discussion with RUS officials or a question and
answer session. As noted above, the purpose is to receive public input
that RUS can consider in order to implement the provisions of Section
6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill. RUS is interested in receiving input on all
aspects of the implementation of these provisions.
 The listening session will begin with brief opening remarks from
Agency leadership in Rural Development. Individual speakers providing
oral comments are requested to be succinct (no more than five minutes)
as we do not know at this time how many participants there will be. We
request that speakers providing oral comments also provide a written
copy of their comments. See the ADDRESSES section above for information
about submitting written comments. All stakeholders and interested
members of the public are welcome to register to provide oral comments;
however, if necessary due to time constraints, a limited number will be
selected on a first come, first serve basis.

Instructions for Attending the Listening Session

Space for attendance at the listening session is limited. Due to
USDA headquarters security and space requirements, all persons wishing
to attend the listening session in person or via phone must send an
email to WEPFarmBill@wdc.usda.gov by Monday, December 8, 2014, to
register. Registrations will be accepted until maximum capacity is
reached. Once registered, you will receive an email on how to access
the listening session remotely. To register, provide the following
information:

First Name
 Last Name
 Organization
 Title
 Email
 Phone Number
 City
 State
 Indicate if you will attend in person and if you wish to
provide oral comments.

Upon arrival at the USDA South Building, registered persons must
provide valid photo identification in order to enter the building.
Visitors must enter the South Building on the Independence Side, 4th
Wing. Please allow extra time to get through security. Additional
information about the listening session, agenda, and directions to get
to the listening session, will be available at the USDA Farm Bill Web
site http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navid=farmbill.

Dated: November 4, 2014.
Jasper Schneider,
Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.
[FR Doc. 2014-26612 Filed 11-7-14; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             158 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 1, 2015 Monday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA) for the
Strategic Economic and Community Development Programs for Fiscal Year (FY) 2015

LENGTH: 2584  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Rural Housing
Service Rural Utilities Service Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA)
for the Strategic Economic and Community Development Programs for Fiscal Year
(FY) 2015 AGENCY: Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Rural Housing Service, and
Rural Utilities Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
Section 6025 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill) enables the
Secretary of Agriculture to provide priority to projects that support Strategic
Economic and Community Development plans. This Notice invites applicants who
have submitted or will be submitting applications for the programs (referred to
as ``underlying programs'') in Fiscal Year 2015. For FY 2015, projects eligible
for Section 6025 priority points will compete one time with all other projects
eligible for the applicable underlying program's year-end pool of funds. These
priority points are not eligible to projects competing for FY 2015 funding prior
to the program's year-end pool of funds competition. All applicants are
responsible for any additional expenses incurred in preparing and submitting
Form RD 1980-88. DATES: To apply for Section 6025 priority points, applicants
must submit Form RD 1980-88, ``Strategic Economic and Community Development
(section 6025) Priority,'' by 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on July 31, 2015.
ADDRESSES: Submit Form RD 1980-88 to the USDA Rural Development Area Office
servicing the area where the project is located. A list of the USDA Rural
Development Area Offices can be found listed by state at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
CONTACT: Please contact the USDA Rural Development Area Office servicing the
area where the project will be located. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Overview
Solicitation Title: Strategic Economic and Community Development. Announcement
Type: Notice. Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number: 10.351, 10.760,
10.766 and 10.768. All active CFDA programs can be found at www.cfda.gov. Dates:
For the list of dates please refer back to the summary section above.
Availability of Notice: This Notice is available through the USDA Rural
Development Web site at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/about-rd/offices/community-economic-development. I.
Funding Opportunity Description A. Purpose The purpose of Section 6025 of the
2014 Farm Bill is to give priority to projects that support strategic economic
development or community development plans when applying for funds through the
underlying programs. This Notice provides applicants with eligible projects the
opportunity to receive additional priority when competing for one of the
underlying program's year-end pool of funds for Fiscal Year 2015. B. Statutory
Authority This priority is authorized under Section 6025 of the 2014 Farm Bill.
C. Programs Based on Section 6025 of the 2014 Farm Bill, the Agency is making
available additional priority points for projects that support strategic
economic or community development plans to the following Rural Development
programs:  Community Facility Loans
 Fire and Rescue and Other Small Community Facilities Projects
 Community Facilities Grants
 Community Programs Guaranteed Loans
 Water and Waste Disposal Programs Guaranteed Loans
 Water and Waste Loans and Grants
 Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans
 Rural Business Development Grants

II. Award Information

Type of Awards: Guaranteed loans, direct loans and Grants.
    Fiscal Year Funds: FY 2015; year-end pools of funds only.
    Available Funds: The amount of funds available will depend on the
amount of funds available at the time of year-end pooling and will vary
among the underlying programs.
    Award Amounts: Guaranteed loans, direct loans and grants will be
awarded in amounts consistent with each applicable underlying program.
    Award Dates: Awards will be made on or before September 30, 2015.

III. Eligibility Information

A. Eligible Requirements

In order to be considered for Section 6025 priority points, both
the applicant and project must meet the eligibility requirements of the
underlying program. These requirements vary among the underlying
programs and the applicant is referred to the regulations for those
programs.
    The regulation implementing the Section 6025 priority does not make
any changes to any of the applicant eligibility requirements of the
underlying programs. However, the Section 6025 regulation does include
three criteria that a project must meet in order to be considered for
Section 6025 priority points (see 7 CFR 1980.1010).
    The first criterion, as noted above, is that the project meets the
applicable eligibility requirements of the underlying program for which
the applicant is applying.
    The second criterion is that the project is ``carried out solely in
a rural area'' as defined in 7 CFR 1980.1005. As defined, this means
either the entire project is physically located in a rural area or all
of the beneficiaries of the service(s) provided through the project
must either reside in or be located in a rural area. Note that the
definition of ``rural'' varies among the underlying programs and the
Section 6025 regulation does not change those definitions.
    The third criterion is that the project support the implementation
of a strategic economic development or community development plan on a
multi-jurisdictional basis as defined in 7 CFR 1980.1005.

B. Cost Sharing or Matching

Any and all cost sharing, matching, and cost participation
requirements of the applicable underlying program apply to projects
seeking Section 6025 priority points. The Section 6025 regulation does
not change such requirements.

C. Other Eligibility Requirements

Any and all other eligibility requirements (beyond those identified
in III.A of this Notice) found in the underlying programs apply to
applicants, their projects, and the beneficiaries of those projects are
unchanged by either this Notice or the Section 6025 regulation.

IV. Form RD 1980-88

A. Address To Request Form RD 1980-88

Applicants responding to this Notice should contact the Rural
Development

[[Page 31010]]

Area Office identified in the ADDRESSES portion of this Notice to
obtain copies of Form RD 1980-88 and any supplemental information.

B. Content

To be considered for Section 6025 priority points, applicants must
submit a complete Form RD 1980-88. This form requests such information
as (see 7 CFR 1980.1015):
     Identification of whether the applicant includes a State,
county, municipal, or tribal government;
     Identification by name of the plan being supported by the
project, the date the plan became effective and is to remain in effect,
and a detailed description of how the project directly supports one or
more of the plan's objectives;
     Sufficient information to show that the project will be
carried out solely in a rural area; and
     Identification of any current or previous applications the
applicant has submitted for funds from the underlying programs.

C. Submission of Form RD 1980-88

If an applicant has already submitted an application for one of the
underlying programs and the applicant wishes to be considered for
Section 6025 priority points, that applicant must submit Form RD 1980-
88 by close of business on the date listed in the DATES section of this
Notice for that program.
    If an applicant has not submitted an application for one of the
underlying programs and that program is still accepting applications
for FY 2015 funding, the applicant must submit Form RD 1980-88 at the
same time the applicant submits the application material for the
underlying program. However, in no case will Section 6025 priority
points be considered for projects whose applications are received after
close of business on the date listed in the DATES section of this
Notice for the applicable program.

D. Completeness Eligibility

Failure to submit a complete Form RD 1980-88 may result in not
receiving Section 6025 priority points.

V. Application Evaluation and Selection for Year-End Pool of Funds

All FY 2015 applications for underlying programs will be reviewed,
evaluated, and scored based on the underlying program's scoring
criteria. This Notice does not affect that process. This Notice only
affects the scoring of applications being competed for an underlying
program's year-end pool of funds.

A. Scoring of Applications

All eligible and complete applications competing for an underlying
program's year-end pool of funds will be evaluated and scored based on
the criteria of the applicable underlying program, whether or not the
applicant seeks Section 6025 priority points by submitting Form RD
1980-88 in accordance with this Notice.
    For applicants wishing to be considered for Section 6025 priority
points as described in this Notice, the Agency will review, evaluate,
and score each Form RD 1980-88 based on the criteria specified in 7 CFR
1980.1020. These criteria address:
     The proposed project's direct support of the objectives
found in the strategic economic development or community development
plan that it supports (7 CFR 1980.1020(b)(1)) and
     Certain characteristics (as specified in the authorizing
statute) of strategic economic development or community plan that the
proposed project support (7 CFR 1980.1020(b)(2)).
    The scores from these two areas will be summed with the score
derived from the underlying programs' criteria. Applications for the
underlying programs that do not submit Form 1980-88 for Section 6025
priority will be scored based only on the applicable underlying
program's scoring criteria. Thus, applications supplemented with Form
RD 1980-88 will be eligible for a higher total score than applications
without Form RD 1980-88 and will, in general, receive higher priority
for funding.

B. Selection Process

The Agency will select the highest scoring applications competing
for an underlying program's year-end pool of funds based on the award
process for the underlying program to determine which projects receive
funds except that:
     An application's total score will be determined in
accordance with section V.A. of this Notice and
     To the extent provided by the underlying programs in this
Notice, the Agency will encourage awarding ``Section 6025 priority''
applications in as many States and for as many of the underlying
programs as possible by awarding discretionary points provided for
diversification or other permissible purposes.

VI. Award Administration Information

A. Award Notices

The Agency will notify applicants who receive funding from the
year-end pool of funds in a manner consistent with award notifications
for the underlying program.

B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

Any and all additional requirements of the applicable underlying
programs apply to projects receiving funding in response to this
Notice. Please see the regulations for the applicable underlying
program.

C. Reporting Requirements

Any and all post-award reporting requirements contained in the
underlying program apply to all projects receiving funding in response
to this Notice.
    Applicants who are selected for funding in response to this Notice
(i.e., those applicants who submit Form RD 1980-88 and receive funding
from the underlying program's year-end pool of funds) are required to
submit information in accordance with 7 CFR 1980.1026. This information
is on the project's measures, metrics, and outcomes that the awardee
would already be submitting to the appropriate entity(ies) monitoring
the implementation of the plan.

VII. Agency Contacts

For general questions about this announcement, please contact your
USDA Rural Development Area Office provided in the ADDRESSES section of
this Notice.

VIII. Additional Information

Paperwork Reduction Act

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the
information collection requirements contained in 7 CFR part 1980,
subpart K, have been approved by OMB under OMB Control Number 0570-0068
via emergency approval.

National Environmental Policy Act

This Notice of Solicitation of Applications has been reviewed in
accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G, ``Environmental Program.''
The issuance of regulations and instructions, as well as amendments to
them, describing administrative and financial procedures for the
Agency's financial programs is categorically excluded in the Agency's
NEPA regulation. Thus, in accordance with the National Environmental
Policy Act (NEPA) of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321-4347), the Agency has
determined that this notice does not constitute a major Federal action
significantly affecting the quality of the human environment.

[[Page 31011]]

Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act

All applicants, in accordance with 2 CFR part 25, must have a DUNS
number, which can be obtained at no cost via a toll-free request line
at 1-866-705-5711 or online at http://fedgov.dnb.com/webor. Similarly,
all grant applicants must be registered in the System for Award
Management (SAM) prior to submitting an application. Applicants may
register for the SAM at http://www.sam.gov. All recipients of Federal
financial grant assistance are required to report information about
first-tier sub-awards and executive total compensation in accordance
with 2 CFR part 170.

Nondiscrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination
against its customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the
bases of race, color, national origin, age, disability, sex, gender
identity, religion, reprisal, and where applicable, political beliefs,
marital status, familial or parental status, sexual orientation, or all
or part of an individual's income is derived from any public assistance
program, or protected genetic information in employment or in any
program or activity conducted or funded by the Department. (Not all
prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)
    If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of
discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form
(PDF), found online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or
at any USDA office, or call (866) 632-
9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing all of
the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint
form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at
program.intake@usda.gov
    Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing, or have speech
disabilities and wish to file either an EEO or program complaint may
contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or
(800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).
    Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint,
please see information above on how to contact us by mail directly or
by email. If you require alternative means of communication for program
information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please
contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

Dated: May 22, 2015.
Lisa Mensah,
Under Secretary, Rural Development.
[FR Doc. 2015-13100 Filed 5-29-15; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             159 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                               February 27, 2017

                   Mason County Public Utility District No 1

                            21971 North Highway 101
                                 Shelton 98584
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


USDA Announces Support To Improve Electric Infrastructure And Services In Rural
Communities

   Apr 28, 2010

   The US Department of Agriculture (USDA) has announced that rural communities
in 21 states will benefit from its guaranteed loans to improve electric service
delivery to more than 33,000 customers. The rural utilities service electric
program at the USDA Rural Development will provide the funding. The loans will
help build more than 2,405 miles of new distribution lines and upgrade more than
1,822 miles of existing distribution lines.The investments are part of the Obama
administration's commitment to bring improved infrastructure to rural
communities. The loan guarantees announced total $364.3 million and are part of
USDA Rural Development's annual budgetthey are not funded through the American
Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009.Tom Vilsack, secretary of the USDA, said:
"The Obama administration believes that modernized infrastructure is a necessary
part of the foundation for long term economic stability and prosperity in rural
America and this funding will help rural utilities build and upgrade essential
electric infrastructure to help communities thrive. These investments will
improve local service, create jobs and expand economic opportunity in rural
areas." For example, the Navajo Tribal Utility Authority in Fort Defiance,
Arizona, has been selected to receive a $103.1 million loan guarantee to build
600 miles of new distribution lines, 37 miles of transmission lines and make
improvements to 153 miles of existing distribution lines. These investments will
serve 4,982 new and current customers in Arizona, New Mexico and Utah. The Dixie
Electric Power Association in Laurel, Mississippi, has been selected to receive
a $39.7 million loan guarantee to improve electric service delivery to 6,520 new
and current consumers. The utility will use the loan to build 316 miles of
distribution lines and make improvements to 172 miles of existing distribution
lines. Below is the complete list of rural utilities selected to receive a USDA
guaranteed loan. Funding of each loan recipient is contingent upon the recipient
meeting the conditions of the loan agreement. Alabama Clarke-Washington Electric
Membership Corporation - $15,992,000 loan to serve 2,240 new customers, build
114 miles of new distribution lines, and make improvements to 34 miles of
distribution lines. Arizona, New Mexico and Utah Navajo Tribal Utility Authority
- $103,128,000 loan to serve 4,982 new and existing customers, build 600 miles
of new distribution lines and 37 miles of transmission lines, make improvements
to 153 miles of distribution lines and make other system improvements. Georgia
The Little Ocmulgee Electric Membership Corporation - $9,500,000 loan to service
1,782 new customers, build 111 miles of new distribution lines, and improve 263
miles of existing distribution line. Southern Rivers Energy, Inc. - $16,400,000
loan to serve 1,822 new customers, build 168 miles of new distribution lines,
and upgrade 291 miles of existing distribution lines. Iowa Chariton Valley
Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $7,568,000 loan to serve 320 new customers, build
30 miles of new distribution lines and make improvements to 41 miles of existing
distribution lines. Kansas The Sedgwick County Electric Cooperative Association,
Inc. - $6,715,000 guaranteed loan to serve 832 new and existing customers, build
66 miles of new distribution lines and make system improvements to 36 miles of
existing distribution line. Kentucky Jackson Purchase Energy Corporation -
$26,753,000 guaranteed loan to serve $1,474 new and existing consumers, build 83
miles of new distribution lines, and make system improvements to 25 miles of
existing distribution lines. Michigan The Ontonagon County Rural Electrification
Association - $5,000,000 loan to serve 321 customers, build 25 miles of new
distribution lines and improve 50 miles of existing distribution lines.
Minnesota PKM Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $6,250,000 guaranteed loan to serve
149 new customers, build 29 miles of distribution lines and make improvements to
60 miles of existing distribution line. Mississippi Dixie Electric Power
Association - $39,688,000 guaranteed loan to serve 6,520 customers, build 316
miles of distribution lines and make improvements to 172 miles of existing
distribution lines. Missouri New-Mac Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $16,000,000
guaranteed loan to serve 1, 357 customers, build 95 miles of distribution lines
and make improvements to 46 miles of existing distribution lines. Montana, South
Dakota, and Wyoming Southeast Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $3,486,000 guaranteed
loan to serve 72 new customers, build 31 miles of distribution lines, and
upgrade 1 mile of existing distribution line. North Carolina Four County
Electric Membership Corporation - $45,000,000 guaranteed loan to serve 4,265
customers, build 139 miles of distribution lines, 14 miles of transmission lines
and improve 63 miles of distribution and 22 miles of transmission lines. North
Dakota Roughrider Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $4,000,000 loan to build 18 miles
of new distribution, make improvements to 64 miles of distribution lines that
service 205 new customers. South Dakota Lake Region Electric Association, Inc. -
$4,317,000 loan to build 31 miles of new distribution lines and make
improvements to 34 more lines. The project will serve 228 new and current
customers. Kingsbury Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $1,045,000 loan to build 14
miles of new distribution lines and make improvements to 22 and make other
system improvements. The project will serve 64 new customers. Tennessee and
Kentucky Cumberland Electric Membership Corporation - $20,000,000 loan to
provide service to 4,000 new customers and make improvements to 258 miles of
distribution lines. Virginia and West Virginia Shenandoah Valley Electric
Cooperative - $25,000,000 loan to serve 1,977 new customers by building 191
miles of new distribution lines, three miles of transmission lines and make
improvements to 127 miles of distribution lines. Washington Mason County Public
Utility District No 1 - $8,555,000 loan to service 420 new customers, build 14
miles of new distribution lines, two miles of transmission lines and make
improvements to four miles of distribution lines.


Radar Ridge Wind Farm In Pacific County Has No Threat To Murrelets

   Jan 05, 2010

   A study conducted for Radar Ridge wind farm in Pacific County, US has
revealed that there would be no significant threat to marbled murrelets and
other birds from the wind farm. The wind farm is a partnership between four
public utilities -- Grays Harbor PUD, Pacific County PUD, Mason County PUD No.3,
Clallam County PUD -- and Richland-based Energy Northwest, the project
developer. The project could generate up to 82 MW of electricity and expected to
consist of up to 32 wind turbines.Liz Anderson, Grays Harbor PUD Community
Relations Director, said the wind farm could be generating electricity in 2012.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017


                             160 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright 2017 Hoover's Inc., All Rights Reserved

                  Hoover's Company Records - In-depth Records

                                 March 29, 2017

                   FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION

                               1999 K St Nw Fl 4
                           Washington,  DC 20006-1118
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 202-872-7700
FAX: 202-872-7713

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: AGM
HOOVER ID: 46525

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: Public

EMPLOYEES:  81
ONE YEAR EMPLOYEE GROWTH:  14.1%

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

OFFICER                 TITLE             AGE     SALARY      BONUS TOTAL_COMP
                                                                      ENSATION
Stephen P. Mullery      SVP, General       49 $340,930.0          -          -
                        Counsel, and
                        Secretary
R. Dale Lynch           EVP, CFO, and      49 $375,950.0          -          -
                        Treasurer
J. Curtis Covington     SVP,               60          -          -          -
                        Agricultural
                        Finance
Timothy L. (Tim) Buzby  President and      47 $643,750.0          -          -
                        CEO


DIRECTOR                    TITLE                AGE
Stephen P. Mullery          SVP, General          49
                            Counsel, and
                            Secretary
Lowell L. Junkins           Chairman              72
Myles J. Watts              Vice Chairman         65
R. Dale Lynch               EVP, CFO, and         49
                            Treasurer

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *


   Farmer Mac (Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation) is Fannie Mae and
Freddie Mac 's country cousin. Like its city-slicker kin, it provides liquidity
in its markets (agricultural real estate and rural housing mortgages) by buying
loans from lenders and then securitizing the loans into Farmer Mac Guaranteed
Securities. Farmer Mac buys both conventional loans and those guaranteed by the
US Department of Agriculture . Farmer Mac was created by Congress in 1987 to
establish a secondary market for agricultural mortgage and rural utilities
loans. It is a stockholder-owned, publicly-traded corporation based in
Washington, DC with an underwriting office in Iowa.

   Operations

   Farmer Mac operates four segments: Farm & Ranch, which accounted for 39% of
revenue during 2015 purchases mortgage loans secured by first liens on
agricultural real estate including part-time farms and rural housing;
Institutional Credit (28% of revenue), which buys or guarantees general lender
obligations secured by eligible pools of loans; the USDA Guarantees segment
(18%), which buys USDA-backed agricultural, rural development, business and
industry, and community facilities loans; and Rural Utilities (10%), which buys
mortgages tied to eligible rural utilities loans.The organization generates more
than 90% of its revenue from interest income stemming from a roughly even mix of
loans and backed loan securities. About 47% of its revenue came from interest on
Farmer Mac Guaranteed or USDA securities during 2015, while another 41% came
from interest on loans. The rest came from interest on other investments (5% of
revenue), guarantee and commitment fees (5%), and gains on financial derivatives
and hedging activities (1%).

   Geographic Reach

   The Washington, DC-based group serves the US from satellite operations in
Ames, Iowa; Boise, Idaho; Canton, Michigan; Fresno, California; Johnston, Iowa;
and Scottsdale, Arizona.

   Sales and Marketing

   Farmer Mac markets its services personally and directly to agricultural
lenders by participating regularly in events such as state and national banking
conferences. It also has alliances with the American Bankers Association and the
Independent Community Bankers of Alliances, and has a business relationship with
the members of the Farm Credit System.

   Financial Performance

   Farmer Mac's annual revenues have risen more than 25% since 2011 thanks to a
stronger agricultural economy as well as product developments which have driven
customer and overall loan asset growth over the years. Its annual profits have
also trended higher, but have fluctuated more due to the volatility of the gains
it's made from financial derivatives, hedging activities, and other trading
securities.

   The group's revenue climbed 4% to $284 million during 2015 mostly thanks to
double-digit interest income growth as its loan assets grew 12% to $3.96 billion
and as its Farm & Ranch loans, USDA Securities, and AgVantage securities
balances grew as well. Farmer Mac's non-interest income shrank 39% as it
collected $37.4 million less in trading securities gains as it did in 2014.

   Revenue growth and a decline in interest expenses in 2015 drove Farmer Mac's
net income up 43% to $68.7 million. The lender's operating cash levels jumped
19% to $184 million as its cash-based earnings rose and as working capital
increased with changes in other assets.

   Strategy

   Farmer Mac seeks to improve the availability of long-term credit at stable
interest rates to rural communities. To this end, its primary strategy for
managing interest rate risk is to fund asset purchases with liabilities that
have similar duration and cash flow characteristics so that they will perform
similarly as interest rates change.

HOOVER INDUSTRIES:

     ·    Finance & Insurance Sector
          ·    LENDING
               ·    Mortgage Banking




* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
522293 - International Trade Financing
522298 - All Other Nondepository Credit Intermediation
SIC CODES:
6111 - Federal & fed.-sponsored credit
6159 - Misc. business credit institutions
MARKETS:

     ·    2015 Sales
     ·    $ mil % of total
     ·    Interest income
     ·    Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities and USDA Securities 134.4 47
     ·    Loans 117.0 41
     ·    Investments and cash equivalents 13.4 5
     ·    Noninterest income
     ·    Guarantee and commitment fees 14.1 5
     ·    Gains on financial derivatives and hedging activities 2.5 1
     ·    Other 3.6 1
     ·    Total 285.0 100
     ·    2015 Sales
     ·    % of total
     ·    Farm & Ranch 39
     ·    USDA Guarantees 28
     ·    Rural Utilities 18
     ·    Institutional Credit 10
     ·    Corporate 4
     ·    Reconciling Adjustments 1
     ·    Total 100
     ·    Selected Operations
     ·
     ·    Farm & Ranch (Farmer Mac I)
     ·    USDA Guarantees (Farmer Mac II)
     ·    Rural Utilities


COMPETITORS:

     ·    Fannie Mae
     ·    Bank of America
     ·    AgFirst
     ·    Farm Credit Services of Mid-America
     ·    Freddie Mac
     ·    AgriBank
     ·    Citigroup
     ·    AgStar


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December, 2016

(Millions U.S. Dollars)               2016              2015              2014
Revenue                             $332.4            $285.0            $274.4
Net Income                           $77.3             $68.7             $48.1
Net Profit                           23.3%             24.1%             17.5%
Employees                               81                71                71

     ·    One Year Sales Growth: 16.6%
     ·    One Year Income Growth: 12.6%


                                                       2016
Return on Equity                                     733.8%
Return on Assets                                       0.5%
Cash                                           $265,200,000
Shares outstanding                               10,500,000
Dividend yield                                         1.8%
Dividend payout                                       17.4%
Market Value                                          603.6

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EXCHANGE: NYSE
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: 10,500,000
STOCK PRICE:
2016 FISCAL YEAR HIGH:  $58.72
2016 FISCAL YEAR LOW:  $26.36
2016 FISCAL YEAR CLOSE:  $57.27
EPS: $5.97
DIVIDEND PAYOUT: 17.4%
DIVIDEND YIELD: 1.8%
DIVIDEND PER SHARE: $1.04
PRICE/EARNINGS HIGH:  10
PRICE/EARNINGS LOW:  4
BOOK VALUE PER SHARE:  $1.00
HISTORICAL STOCK INFORMATION:
                                      2015              2014              2013
Fiscal Year High                    $33.01            $35.82            $37.72
Fiscal Year Low                     $22.41            $26.40            $26.96
Fiscal Year Close                   $31.57            $30.34            $34.25
Price/Earnings High                      8                11                 6
Price/Earnings Low                       5                 8                 4
Earnings                             $4.19             $3.37             $6.41
Dividends                            $0.64             $0.56             $0.48
Book Value per Share                 $1.00             $1.00             $1.00

                                      2012              2011              2010
Fiscal Year High                    $34.58            $22.59            $23.54
Fiscal Year Low                     $18.01            $14.82             $6.85
Fiscal Year Close                   $32.50            $18.02            $16.32
Price/Earnings High                      9                18                11
Price/Earnings Low                       5                12                 3
Earnings                             $3.98             $1.28             $2.08
Dividends                            $0.40             $0.20             $0.20
Book Value per Share                 $1.00             $1.00             $1.00

                                      2009              2008              2007
Fiscal Year High                     $9.30            $33.43            $35.81
Fiscal Year Low                      $2.48             $2.41            $24.44
Fiscal Year Close                    $7.01             $3.50            $26.32
Price/Earnings High                      1                 -                85
Price/Earnings Low                       0                 -                58
Earnings                             $8.04          ($15.40)             $0.42
Dividends                            $0.20             $0.40             $0.40
Book Value per Share                 $1.00             $1.00             $1.00

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Deloitte & Touche LLP

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2017


                             161 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            February 1, 1985 Friday

REPORT ON CANADA   Farm agency   sets 742 loans

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 123 words


The Alberta Agricultural Development Corp. authorized 742 direct farm
 loans worth almost $90-million in the first nine months of fiscal 1984-
 85. Of the total, 682 loans for $84-million were made to beginning
 farmers.

The Crown corporation said specifically guaranteed loans worth more
 than $4-million were approved for 51 primary producers, while 4,402 loans
 worth almost $63-million made by other lenders were guaranteed by the
 corporation.

The corporation's agribusiness lending activity for the nine months
 amounted to six direct and guaranteed loans worth more than $19-million.

At Dec. 31, 1984, the corporation's total direct and guaranteed loan
 portfolio amounted to more than 25,000 loans active and outstanding valued
 at $1.1- billion.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             162 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              April 5, 1985 Friday

Ontario to back White Farm loans

BYLINE: CHRISTOPHER WADDELL; GAM

LENGTH: 669 words

DATELINE: BRANTFORD, Ont.


BY  CHRISTOPHER WADDELL
    BRANTFORD, Ont.  - For the second time in four years, the Ontario
 Government will provide loan guarantees to White Farm Manufacturing Canada
 Ltd. of Brantford.

The province yesterday announced the Crown- owned Ontario Development
 Corp. will back $7- million in loans to White Farm providing the farm
 equipment manufacturer can put together a refinancing package to cover the
 $40-million in debt owed by the company to Borg-Warner Acceptance Canada
 Ltd. of Mississauga.

In 1981, Ontario guaranteed $5-million of White Farm's loans but only
 recovered approximately $2-million when the company declared bankruptcy in
 mid-1983.

A financially restructured White Farm began operations in January,
 1984, with the financial backing of Borg-Warner, which demanded repayment
 of its loan March 26.

Since then, White Farm president Bill Sinclair has been negotiating
 with Canadian banks for replacement financing and faces a mid-April
 deadline to get a package in place. "The loan guarantee wasn't necessarily
 a demand (from the financial institutions before considering making a loan
 to White Farm) but it formed part of a package that made it more palatable
 for them," said Mr. Sinclair. He hopes negotiations can be concluded by
 April 9.

The company's attempts to find new financing appear to be based on the
 assumption that Borg- Warner will write off a portion of the $40-million
 owed by White Farm, providing Borg-Warner is guaranteed repayment of a
 significant percentage of the debt.

Mr. Sinclair's immediate effort is directed at keeping the company
 afloat, but White Farm faces many other difficult hurdles if it overcomes
 the refinancing problem.

The company hopes to begin production of an axial-flow combine
 harvester in mid-May using new technology that came from research financed
 by the federal Government. Plant tooling costs and parts inventory for the
 new machine must be financed as well as dealer inventories in Canada and
 the United States.

Mr. Sinclair said all this can be done without additional capital
 beyond that needed to pay back the Borg-Warner loans. Having passed the
 slowest part of the year for equipment sales, he is confident that cash
 flow from combine sales throughout the remainder of the year will be
 sufficient to finance White Farm's operations.
    "Borg-Warner's request for repayment couldn't have come at a worse time
 of the year," he said, explaining that spring and fall are the peak sales
 seasons for farm equipment.

But the timing of the attempt to refinance isn't all bad.

Mr. Sinclair asked for and received support from the province in the
 midst of an election campaign. The Brantford riding in which the White
 Farm plant and its 600 jobs are located is held by Progressive
 Conservative Phil Gillies, the Minister of Youth in Premier Frank Miller's
 Government. Mr. Gillies defeated a New Democrat to win the seat in 1981.
    "The Government looked at the White situation very closely and we
 believe the loan guarantee is a prudent investment," Mr. Gillies said.
 "Through the past year that Mr. Sinclair has had control of this company,
 White has improved its market share. We believe the company is coming back
 strongly."
    North American demand, however, for combine harvesters continues to
 fall. February sales were 67 per cent below February levels last year. If
 demand should stay depressed throughout the year, total industry sales in
 North America would be about 8,000 units. That equals the maximum annual
 output of the Brantford plant operated by White Farm's Canadian competitor
 Massey-Ferguson Ltd. of Toronto.

The Ontario Government estimates that White Farm will require the loan
 guarantee for approximately 18 months to two years.

By that time, Mr. Gillies said, White Farm should be back on a sound
 financial footing. But to protect its investment, the province has
 security and collateral to cover the guarantee.
    "The value of the security pledged to the Ontario Government is $22-
 milllion (in machinery and equipment)," Mr. Sinclair said.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             163 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             August 20, 2000 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Tall job for tough times FSA puts service first despite shaky ag economy

BYLINE: ART HOVEY Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 650 words


You don't have to talk to the federal government's farm-lending leadership in
Lincoln for very long to get a sense of conflicting missions.

On the one hand, the Farm Service Agency is the lender of last resort to
farmers, and steps in when banks see too much risk. On the other, its farm loan
section, successor to the Farmers Home Administration, is a steward of the
taxpayer's money.

Or consider this: The state FSA office in Lincoln is in competition with other
major farm states for hundreds of millions of dollars in direct loans and loan
guarantees this year and every year. Yet it bears the scars of the 1980s farm
crisis, when other millions were never collected from bankrupt borrowers.

"The'80s are not that long ago," said John Berge, FSA executive director.
"The'80s, with their high interest rates, high inflation, were an
across-the-board nightmare in the economy, but particularly in agriculture."

Berge believes the agency learned something from the 1980s about careful
scrutiny of its loan portfolio.

"I think we'll use that institutional knowledge to our benefit when we lend out
money."

But he can't deny that the stakes of conflict are being raised again as another
fiscal year approaches Oct. 1. The $158 million in Nebraska loan guarantees in
1999 is the highest total since 1986. And FSA officials and taxpayers are
backing another $114 million in bank loans through mid-August of 2000.

If farmers hit with low prices, drought and other problems can't pay it back,
taxpayers will.

"It's a little bit nerve-wracking when you have to put out $158 million in
guaranteed loans to producers," conceded Berge. "That's an indication of a
serious problem in agriculture."

So far, said Mark Wilke, a farm loan specialist at the Lincoln office, there are
some reassuring factors. Interest rates, inflation and delinquency rates are all
much lower than in the 1980s and the economic barometer of farmland values has
been holding steady. But, "with farm income in question," Wilke said, "who knows
what land values will do in the future?"

While acknowledging their responsibilities to taxpayers, Berge and Wilke don't
want potential critics to lose sight of the point that the federal government
fills a crucial lending role in rough agricultural times. When banks are
hesitant to lend more money to struggling customers, federal backing can make
the difference in whether the loan is extended or not.

"We always look first of all at our mission," Wilke said, "Our mission is to
help existing farmers and help beginning farmers."

From that perspective, they are encouraged that they still had almost $69
million in unobligated loan guarantee money to use over the next six weeks. That
includes more than $27 million that came this way in competition with their
peers.

"We did very, very well in competition with other states in our region in
getting money back from national pooling," Berge said.

Overall, the Nebraska office is positioned to do more than $190 million in
direct loans and loan guarantees this fiscal year, including $31 million in
direct operating loans. So far in fiscal year 2000, the state's beginning
farmers have gotten about $30.1 million in direct and guaranteed ownership and
operating loans.

At this point, the delinquency rate attached to all the FSA lending is between 6
percent and 7 percent. At the beginning of 1986, the delinquency rate for its
predecessor, the Farmers Home Administration, was 22.2 percent.

In the absence of the boom and bust cycle that defined the last half of the
1970s and the first half of the 1980s, the FSA loan leadership is hoping to stay
in single digits for delinquencies.

"We get back to the initial question," Berge said. "Our mission is to provide
service to producers. That's one of the missions chartered to us by Congress, to
provide loan assistance to farmers. That's what we're doing."

Reach Art Hovey at 473-7241 or ahovey@journalstar.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 2 color head photos of John Berge and Mark Wilke color graph of federal
farm loans, from 1986 until 2000, D. MATT VAN DRIEST Lincoln Journal Star,
Source: Nebraska Farm Service Agency

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2000 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             164 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                           February 6, 2013 Wednesday

Banks Push for More Government-Backed Farm Loans

BYLINE: Kevin Wack

SECTION: CONSUMER FINANCE Vol. 178 No. 20

LENGTH: 1288  words


Community bankers are urging lawmakers to boost funding for federal program that
offers a government backstop on real estate loans to family farmers.

The program, which provides up to $1.5 billion annually in loan guarantees, has
become so popular among rural banks that it is out of funds for the third time
in three years. With demand for the guarantees still running high, banking trade
groups plan to push Congress in the coming weeks to double the size of the cap,
to $3 billion.

"We're creating a real traffic jam of loans in farm country," says John
Blanchfield, senior vice president at the American Bankers Association.

But the banks' lobbying efforts seem likely to draw significant opposition at a
time when farm subsidies are being pared and there is bipartisan interest in
reducing government support for the real-estate sector.

Some economists are also voicing concern about the possibility of a bubble in
the price of farmland, which has been rising faster than its long-term average
growth rate. If prices tumble, loans could sour and the government could be
partially on the hook for the losses.

"Land prices have been going up very rapidly lately," says Ron Plain, an
agricultural economist at the University of Missouri. "They're going up at a
rate that is faster than is sustainable."

Run by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency, the Guaranteed
Farm Ownership loan program dates back to the 1930s.

Under the program, family farmers can get loans of as long as 40 years to buy
land or refinance existing debt. The maximum loan size is $1.3 million, and the
average amount is $389,000, according to the ABA. In most cases, the federal
government will guarantee up to 90% of the loan amount.

Apart from the guarantee, banks like the loans because they can be sold easily
on the secondary market, while farmers benefit from longer loan terms and
easier-to-obtain qualifications.

For some lenders, the program also provides an incentive to offer credit to
borrowers who likely would not qualify for a loan otherwise. "I'm not saying
they're deadbeats," Blanchfield says, "but I'm also saying they're not prime
bank customers."

"The guarantee is really an incentive for the bank to make the loan, or make the
loan on terms that are favorable to the farmer, that the bank otherwise couldn't
make," adds Brian Gossling of the Farm Service Agency's Iowa office.

State Bank of Southern Utah, based in Cedar City, uses the federal program to
make loans to alfalfa, grain and corn farmers in southwestern Utah, eastern
Nevada and northern Arizona.

DeLynn Barton, executive vice president of agricultural lending at the $711
million-asset bank, says the program allows his bank to make 20-year, fixed rate
loans. For farmland loans that don't carry the government guarantee, the bank's
rates reset every one to three years.

Several of the bank's customers are currently in limbo - having been approved
for government-guaranteed loans that remain unfunded. "We've got probably $3
million worth of that type of situation right at the moment," Barton says.

The situation is similar at Cleveland State Bank in Wisconsin, which uses the
program to make loans to nearby dairy farmers. Under the government program, the
$95 million-asset bank makes 30-year fixed rate mortgages, says assistant vice
president Wendy Sellen.

"Without a guarantee, my company is not writing any loans longer than five
years," she adds.

Another lender affected by the current standstill, California Coastal Rural
Development Corp., relies entirely on the government guarantee to make mortgage
loans to small farmers.

The nonprofit lender, in Salinas, doesn't carry as much capital as community
banks do, explains Jose Guerra, a senior loan officer at California Coastal.
Because the firm sells the government-backed loans onto the secondary market, it
doesn't have to hold capital against them.

"We can do some non-guaranteed lending, but then that would deplete our
capital," Guerra says.

Nationally, the last five years have seen a spike in demand for the government-
guaranteed loans. In fiscal year 2007, participating lenders requested $965
million under the program, which was $440 million less than what was available,
according to government data.

By fiscal year 2012, demand had surged to $1.75 billion. That left a gap of $252
million between the amount requested and the $1.5 billion funding cap.

Loans that were stuck in the queue on Sept. 30, 2012, got funded early in the
2013 fiscal year, but as long as demand for the loans outstrips supply, the
logjam will continue to build.

Starting in fiscal year 2012, Congress raised the fee charged to borrowers to
1.5%, a change that was designed to make the program fund itself. So whereas the
program got a $7.2 million appropriation in the 2011 fiscal year, that number
dropped to zero last year.

That change should address concerns about the program's cost, argues Mark
Scanlan, senior vice president of agriculture and rural policy at the
Independent Community Bankers of America. He will be pushing Congress over the
next two months to raise or eliminate the funding limit.

"This is a needless limit," Scanlan says. "The irony is that this program
doesn't cost any money."

At the moment, there is no legislation to raise the program's funding limit, and
the issue will likely be addressed in a large bill tied to the scheduled
expiration of current government spending measures on March 27.

The bankers will be up against opponents of farm subsidies, who had some success
in cutting subsidies in the farm bill that passed the Senate last year.

Daniel Sumner, director of the Agricultural Issues Center at the University of
California-Davis, compares the guaranteed agricultural loans to the home
mortgages bought by Fannie Mae, and not in a good way.

Though the farmland program may benefit specific lenders and growers, there's
good reason to be skeptical that it serves any broad public purpose, he argues.

"It's a trillions of dollars market. There's lots of financing options," he
says. "Do we really think that politicians or other agents are going to be
better at evaluating these loans?"

Another challenge for bankers: there may be hesitation in Congress to expand the
federal government's exposure to agricultural real estate at a time when land
prices are high.

Agricultural land prices rose by 10.9% from 2011 to 2012, and by 8.6% the
previous year, according to government data. That compares to a long-term
average growth rate of 6%, says the University of Missouri's Plain.

The trend in farmland prices has been unsteady over the last decade; prices rose
by 20.1% between 2004 and 2005, and they declined by 2.8% from 2008 to 2009, the
only year since the 1980s in which prices dropped.

Plain attributes the most recent rise in prices to high prices for corn, wheat
and soybeans - driven by relatively low crop yields and strong demand for corn
from the biofuels industry - as well as low interest rates.

"At some point in time, interest rates are going to go higher, and that's going
to make it very difficult to sustain these high land prices," Plain argues.

He estimates that nationwide agricultural land prices are roughly 20% above
their historical trend. "I would say the risk if a bubble occurs would be on
those loans that have less than 20% equity in them," he says.

The federal program does not establish a minimum down payment; instead, its
guidelines state that government officials determine whether the collateral
proposed by the lender is adequate.

Bankers say the program's losses are low, and they insist that the federal
government does not face large risks.

"The guarantee is not strong enough, in and of itself, to allow banks to do a
really stupid deal," Blanchfield says.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_AB


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             165 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    January 24, 1984, Tuesday, Final Edition

USDA

BYLINE: Ward Sinclair

SECTION: First Section; The Federal Report; Inside; A11

LENGTH: 566 words


No matter which way it turns, the Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) just can't
seem to make its clients happy with its pinch-penny loan policies.

The National Farmers Union and its Minnesota affiliate want FmHA chief Charles
W. Shuman and his boss, Agriculture Undersecretary Frank W. Naylor Jr., to
resign. North Dakota farmers want a congressional investigation of FmHA lending
activity. Farmers from Kentucky and other states are irate.

The problem this time: under orders from the Office of Management and Budget,
FmHA is releasing only $50 million from a pot of $600 million for direct loans
to farmers under a court-reinstated emergency loan program. The OMB has decreed
that the other $550 million be set aside for guaranteed loans. The program,
suspended by Agriculture Secretary John R. Block in fiscal 1981, was reopened in
December on orders of a federal judge here. Farm groups cheered, thinking that
the full $600 million would be available at low interest rates for farmers who
can't borrow from commercial lenders.

Shuman said that was the idea, but that FmHA was overruled by the OMB despite an
appeal. Even though Shuman says it won't happen, farm groups think that the
decision will mean higher interest rates for farmers who are forced to seek the
guaranteed loans from banks. For deficit-minded OMB director David A. Stockman,
that's a bonus. Guaranteed loans don't show up as budget outlays.***

SPACE WARS . . . What with the flaps over the high cost of farm programs, grain
surpluses, marketing orders, slumping farm export sales, tainted school lunch
beef, avian influenza, dangerous pesticides and a raft of other problems, the
White House has its hands full, right? Well, yes. But now another hot one has
landed on President Reagan's desk. He is being asked to settle a dispute between
the Agriculture Department and the General Services Administration. Believe it
or not, it's over space for bureaucrats.

Block has appealed to Reagan to overrule a GSA decision that would transfer
about 1,000 Agriculture employes from near-downtown digs to remote quarters in
suburban Maryland.

The employes, assigned to the Economic Research Service, now are housed in
rented space in a building about three blocks from USDA headquarters. But the
lease expires in July and the owner needs the building for its use. GSA,
meanwhile, has empty office space in Hyattsville and wants to lodge the ERS
there. Block is arguing that he needs the economists at his elbow downtown. GSA
has sent its version--that the move will save money--to Reagan as well.

"A majority of our people live in Virginia, and this could mess them up," one
ERS official said. "But we want to be close to headquarters. When you're out of
sight, you're out of mind."***

NAMES, FACES . . . . Clare Harris, a horticulture specialist, has been named
associate administrator of the Cooperative State Research Service, up from
deputy administrator . . . . Bruce Cone, an agricultural scientist and alfalfa
grower from Kennewick, Wash., is the new deputy assistant secretary for science
and education. His credentials include duty as a "senior scientist" on the
Reagan election transition team in 1980-1981 . . . . Earl Cox, who left USDA
last year because of health problems, is back as a special assistant to
Assistant Secretary Wilmer D. Mizell. In his earlier tour, Cox was a public
affairs aide.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                             166 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    The Adams County Record (Council, Idaho)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 7, 2014

Supporting new farmers and ranchers

BYLINE: The Adams County Record staff

LENGTH: 652  words


Preliminary results from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) 2012 Census
of Agriculture confirm that the average age of the American farmer is continuing
to increase. With more pressure on our land and an expanding need for food
worldwide, we must persist in looking for ways to address the challenges faced
by those just starting out in farming and ranching.

USDA found that a mere 6 percent of principal farm operators are under 35 years
old, and the average age of principal farm operators has risen 1.2 years since
2007 to 58.3 years old. This continues a 30-year trend of a steady increase in
the age of producers. Further, according to the USDA, the number of beginning
farmers on their current operation less than 10 years was down 20 percent from
2007. While Idaho was among the 19 states that had the amount of land in farms
increase, it is also among the 34 states that saw a decrease in its number of
farms.

The world population and food needs are growing, and American farmers and
ranchers have been at the forefront of feeding Americans and people around the
world. As producers age, there must be a backfill of the next generation of
producers and farmers to help ensure that food needs are met.

Considering the rising challenges, starting an agricultural operation can be
more than intimidating. Producers face increased land, input and agricultural
machinery costs, changing regulatory and paperwork requirements, pressures on
land and water resources, unpredictable natural disasters, emerging plant pest
and diseases and fluctuating commodity prices to name a few. Overcoming these
challenges requires careful planning and often considerable capital and support.
It often takes years to grow the assets needed to get into the business.

Recognizing this challenge, Congress has taken steps to try to help ease the
path for young producers. Although this legislation is imperfect, the recently
enacted Farm Bill supports a number of programs designed to assist beginning
farmers and ranchers with getting started:

Access to Capital--As one of the most significant challenges faced by beginning
farmers and ranchers is accessing the finances needed to acquire the land and
equipment needed for farm operations, the Farm Bill continues higher loan funds
and the strengthened down payment loan program for new producers. The law also
prioritizes guaranteed farm ownership loan funds and direct operating loan funds
for beginning farmers and ranchers. The Contract Land Sales Program that
provides loans to retiring farmers who sell their land to beginning farmers is
also reauthorized, and access is increased to guaranteed lending and microloan
programs. To improve federal crop insurance access, the Farm Bill provides
beginning producers with a 10 percentage point discount on crop insurance
premiums.

Conservation Incentives--The Farm Bill also continues incentives for getting
started with implementing conservation measures, including reserving
Environmental Quality Incentives Program and Conservation Stewardship Program
assistance for beginning farmers and ranchers and providing conservation loans
for building conservation structures or establishing conservation practices.

Outreach and Training-- The Farm Bill extends the Beginning Farmer and Rancher
Development Program that provides training and mentoring for beginning
producers, including military veterans. A military veterans' agricultural
liaison is also created to assist veterans starting out in agriculture.

This is just some of the assistance provided to beginning producers, and it does
not remedy all the challenges. However, these programs can help ease the road
ahead. As the USDA works to implement these provisions, I encourage those
pursuing starting out in agriculture to explore whether these programs may be of
assistance to them. More information regarding federal agricultural programs can
be found at www.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ADA

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2014 The Adams County Record


                             167 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             April 20, 2014 Sunday

agriculture briefs

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald

SECTION: B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 544 words


'Eating Local' class offered in Platteville

PLATTEVILLE, Wis. - A two-hour "Eating Local on a Budget" class will be
presented from 10 a.m. to noon Saturday, April 26, at Trinity Episcopal Church,
250 Market St., Platteville.

The Driftless Market, Platteville Farmers Market and Platteville Main Street
Sustainability Committee are partnering with Dubuque County Iowa State
University Extension to host the educational class to prepare the community for
spring and seasonal eating.

Brittany Bethel, regional foods coordinator, will provide suggestions and
solutions for eating healthy and locally sourced food on a budget. After the
workshop, participants can visit a variety of local foods displays and sample
local foods.

Cost is a $5 donation for Platteville's Senior Nutrition/Food Pantry Voucher
Program. The class is free for students.

Livingston State Bank earns honor

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency named Livingston State
Bank a "Preferred Lender," the highest designation lenders can hold in the
guaranteed farm lending program.

The agency guarantees real estate, operating and line of credit loans made by
commercial lenders to farmers. The Preferred Lender Program rewards experienced
lenders with a proven track record, by streamlining and adding flexibility to
the loan application process, expediting loan approval and other servicing
decisions.

Lenders with "preferred" status have broad authority to make and service agency
guaranteed loans, and can utilize their own underwriting and servicing policies.

Livingston State Bank serves customers in southwest Wisconsin, and has branches
in Livingston and Platteville.

The agency is the lender of first opportunity for farmers, offering direct and
guaranteed loans. It serves 5,300 Wisconsin customers with $1.5 billion in
credit.

'Know Your Buyers' workshop slated

MADISON, Wis. - Local food producers who want to grow their local sales outlets
this season can attend the "Know Your Buyers" workshop April 30 in Madison.

The Wisconsin Department of Agriculture, Trade and Consumer Protection and
University of Wisconsin-Extension encourage producers to register now for the
technical assistance workshop, which growers can attend in person or free via
webinar.

The workshop is 8:30 a.m. to noon in the first-floor boardroom at department
headquarters, 2811 Agriculture Drive, Madison, Wis. 53718. The cost is $10 for
the first representative from a farm or business and $5 each for additional
representatives. Attending the workshop via webinar is free. To register for the
webinar, contact Teresa Engel at teresa.engel@wisconsin.gov or 608-224-5101.

Iowa directory of CSA farms available

AMES, Iowa - Consumers interested in eating local have more resources to do so
with an updated directory, Iowa CSA (Community Supported Agriculture) Farms:
2014 Statewide List of Iowa CSA Farms and Organizers.

This publication is produced by the Leopold Center for Sustainable Agriculture
and Iowa State University Extension and Outreach. The publication is available
by title on the Leopold Center website at www.leopold.iastate.edu/pubs (look for
Iowa CSA Farms). It also is available at the ISU Extension Online Store,
https://store.extension.iastate.edu (use reference number PM 1693).

Telegraph Herald

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             168 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                October 25, 1993

FmHA Slated To Disappear?

BYLINE: By TED CORNWELL

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 380 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


As part of a broad restructuring of the Department of Agriculture, the Farmers
Home Administration may become a thing of the past.

Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy has recommended that FmHA programs be divided
and assigned to new agencies as part of a "reinvention" and consolidation of
USDA headquarters.  The USDA's 43 agencies will be consolidated into 30 agencies
centered around six administrative units.

The Farm Credit Administration, which administers the Farm Credit System, will
not be affected by the reorganization.

Under the proposal, FmHA farm programs would become part of a new farm service
agency.  Housing and community development programs would be assigned to a rural
development service agency.

Other FmHA programs would become part of a rural business development and
cooperative development agency and the rural utilities service agency.

The Federal Crop Insurance Corp. will also be merged into the farm service
agency.

The USDA has often been criticized because of its baffling network of offices
and programs.  Almost every county in the U.S. has a USDA field office.

The Clinton administration has proposed reducing the number of field offices
from 3,700 to 2,485.

The FmHA, often referred to as "the lender of last resort," provides a
significant source of credit for rural homeowners and farmers who have trouble
obtaining conventional credit.

In recent years, the FmHA has increasingly relied on loan guarantees to augment
its direct loan programs.  Under most of the guarantees, the FmHA provides
insured loans that are originated by private lenders.

In fiscal 1993, which ended Sept. 30, the FmHA guaranteed $ 539 million in
single-family housing loans.  The FmHA also provided $ 1.29 billion in direct
rural housing loans.

The FmHA also guaranteed $ 1 billion in farm operating loans and $ 490 million
in farm ownership loans in fiscal 1993.

Speaking during a rural development conference earlier this month.  Secretary
Espy said the USDA will attempt to be a partner with local governments,
nonprofit agencies and the private sector.

"The days of massive federal budgets for development initiatives are long gone.
I see the federal government as part of a larger whole -- a drive shaft in the
giant economic engine," he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 05, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             169 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 April 27, 1992

ABA Asks Public/Private Effort for FmHA

BYLINE: By BILL LIEBTAG

SECTION: FARM AND RURAL MORTGAGES; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 1221 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


A cooperative public/private effort is needed to put more beginning farmers
behind the plow and the Farmers Home Administration back on track, according t
the chairman of the American Bankers Association's Agricultural Bankers
Division.

Eventually this will help the nation's commercial banks that make agricultural
loans, he said, because it will give them more experienced and creditworthy
customers.

Ten reforms are needed at FmHA that will put it in a position not only to better
serve its mandate as a "lender of last resort," but also to help beginning
farmers move from Federally guaranteed loan programs to become creditworthy
borrowers meeting commercial bank lending criteria.

"The average age of farmers working the land has increased.  We're not seeing as
many new farmers taking on the increasing financial responsibilities of farm
operation and farm ownership," ABA ag division chairman Jay T. Godwin told NMN.

Mr. Godwin is chairman, president and chief executive of First State Bank of
Canadian (Tex.)

His bank's experience is with ag lending to both cattle ranchers and wheat
producers, and he says that the average age of farmers is "creeping up" to the
"high 50s and even early 60s," with few beginning farmers wanting to take on the
financial, regulatory and competitive challenges.

The future of agricultural banks lies with establishing or perhaps
re-establishing a stronger customer base among beginning farmers, he feels.

Mr. Godwin chaired an ABA study group which looked at ways of funding new
farmers through FmHA.

"The ABA Executive Committee studied the FmHA lending process and issued a
'white paper' in February 1991 on its findings.

"The recommendations of the study group are an extension of these findings
concerning young, beginning farmers," he said.

Often beginning farmers have problems qualifying for loans because of lack of
production experience or cash flow problems which may only be temporary in a
start-up operation, he explained.

"There is no hard-and-fast rule of thumb banks can use to determine
creditworthiness of these beginning farmers," said Mr. Godwin.

"Some look at cattle ranching as a risky business, while a bank lending to
reachers might consider cultivated crops to be on the 'riskier' side of the
ledger."

Like other forms of new business lending, agricultural lending is a matter of
perception -- "weighing risk against the experience you have as a bank lender
and the experience your borrower brings to the table.

"At our bank, we might even consider only one or two years of profitable
operation a good case for making a beginning farmer loan," depending on what
other more experienced farmers are doing in the market at that time, he
explained.

The ABA study group's proposal ties into recently introduced legislation and Mr.
Godwin even suggests FmHA may look to the Small Business Administration as a
guide to new business development.

"The SBA has a good track record," Mr. Godwin said.  "We'd like to see FmHA
remodeled along these lines."

The bankers that participated in the ABA beginning farmer focus group were
unanimous that FmHA was the logical Federal program that would help a beginning
farmer.

"Over 80% of all FmHA guarantees have been made by commercial banks," Mr. Godwin
noted.

"There was also unanimous agreement on the fact that the FmHA guaranteed loan
program could be further reformed.  It was the feeling of the bankers that
program reforms that free borrowers and applicants from delays, red tape, and
miscommunication would do more for the cause of beginning farmers than the
creation of any new type of program."

But, there have been failures in the FmHA program, as Mr. Godwin willingly
admits.

For the past decade, FmHA has failed to utilize all of their guaranteed loan
allotments.

While the percentages have increased, just barely 50% of the FY91 allotment was
utilized.

"In part this is due to reduced loan demand," Mr. Godwin points out.  "However,
the bankers are convinced that much of this is the result of the program being
to cumbersome, and so user-adverse that bankers are only using the program when
there is dire need."

Criticisms of the utilization of the program by the general Accounting Office,
the Congressional Budget Office, and the Economic Research Service have focused
on the notion that bankers are only using the program to prop up weak credits
currently in their portfolio.

"They have never focused on the notion that bankers are only using the program
to prop up weak credits currently in their portfolio."

Two considerations were emphasized by the focus group:

* Without the ability to extend guarantees to existing customers, many of these
customers would be required to take their loans to FmHA direct programs.

FmHA guarantees enable banks to "go the distance" with their borrowers.

In many cases an FmHA guarantee will allow a bank to continue with an
undercapitalized borrows and it may allow the bank to offer a longer term and a
lower interest rate.

* The FmHA program has become complex and "delay-ridden" to the point that
bankers do not consider the possibilities that the program represents.

It is felt that a streamlined, lender-oriented program would do more for
beginning farmers faster than anything else that the Federal government would
do.

The 10 reforms proposed by the ABA study group are:

* Create a system of cost-sharing in bankruptcy cases (as it done in Chapter 7
cases) between the banker and FmHA in Chapter 11 and Chapter 12 cases, since the
possibility of high legal bills serves as a disincentive to make loans to new
farmers.

* Allow an increased guarantee -- 95% --- for beginning farmer guaranteed loans
which would provide lenders with a higher comfort level on high risk loans.

* Allow "interest assistance" on beginning farmer guarantees up front and
without annual re-approvals.

* Provide a line of credit guarantee for capital purchases.

* Waive the guarantee fee for beginning farmer guaranteed loans.

* Streamline and standardize the processing of guaranteed laons so that costly
delays in approvals are avoided.

* Eliminate the 110% debt service requirement on all guaranteed loan
applications.

* Require all FmHA direct and guaranteed loan borrowers to develop their own
graduation plan from the start and require them to review the plan on an annual
basis.

* Require that beginning farmer direct "Farm Ownership" loans be accomplished by
a private source first mortgage.

* Develop a "quick" application for small dollar amount guarantee requests.

"What we're looking to do is to help a Federal program eventually help the
banking community by helping the beginning farmers who are our best resource for
the future," Mr. Godwin explained.

"The Federal government has 'cheap food' as a priority.  Considering the costs
of environmental compliance, restrictions of the endangered species act,
pesticide regulation, rising costs of farm equipment and parts, and foreign
competition, the beginning farmer needs a lot of incentive to make the long-term
commitment being a farmer means.

"From the banker's point of view, the changes we've suggested in FmHA go a long
way to easing that first step for the beginning farmer and taking the subsequent
risk out of our own long-term commitment as agricultural bankers."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             170 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

                           November 25, 1980, Tuesday

By SANFORD ROSE


James Eatherly, president of the First National Bank of Tonkawa, Oklahoma,
doesn't understand why small bankers have been "sitting on their rumps and
refusing to make SBA-guaranteed or FmHA-guaranteed loans." Such credits, says
Mr. Eatherly, can be hugely profitable and highly flexible.  Under the law,
banks in towns of under 20,000 people can get FmHA guarantees on a great variety
of loans that will benefit existing businesses or attract new ones.  Mr.
Eatherly made a $300,000 loan to a local furniture manufacturer at 2% over Chase
Manhattan's prime and promptly sold the 90% guaranteed portion in the secondary
market at prime.

Applying the 2% spread ($5,400) on the amount sold ($270,000) to the $30,000
unguaranteed portion that he retained, Mr. Eatherly was able to leverage his
gross return on the loan up to 35% -- not counting his compensating balance from
the furniture manufacturer, which totaled more than 100% of the amount of the
loan remaining on the bank's books.  Now that's very lush business, and so it's
easy to see why Mr. Eatherly can't fathom the reluctance of his colleagues to do
as much FmHA lending as he does.

Like many rural bankers, however, Mr. Eatherly has his gripes, and some of them
concern the competition from the Farm Credit System, the nation's leading
supplier of agricultural credit.  Components of the Farm Credit System --
Federal Land Banks, Production Credit Associations and Banks for Cooperatives --
generally price loans off the weighted-average rather than the marginal cost of
funds.  Hence in periods of rising interest rates, credit terms are much more
attractive than those available from commercial banks.

Says Mr. Eatherly: "Farmers in my area can get production loans from the Farm
Credit System at 12.5%.  It is difficult for me to lend at below 14%.  I lost
some customers to the FCS last year and I will probably lose still more.  That
sort of competition just blows your mind.  It inevitably weakens the nation's
agricultural commercial banks."

SECTION: Random Thoughts; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 337 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1980 American Banker, Inc.


                             171 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 20, 2016 Saturday

FORM 8-K: Domtar CORP FILES Current report

LENGTH: 817  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Domtar CORP, has filed FORM 8-K (Current Report) with Securities
and Exchange Commission on August 19, 2016
 ITEM 1.01






    Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement




 New Credit Facility

 On August 18, 2016, Domtar Corporation (the "Company") amended and restated its
existing unsecured Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated October 3, 2014
(the "Existing Credit Agreement"; as so amended and restated, the "2016 Credit
Agreement"), among the Company and certain of its subsidiaries (including
certain Canadian and European subsidiaries that were not borrowers under the
Existing Credit Agreement), as borrowers, and the lenders and agents party
thereto. The 2016 Credit Agreement matures on August 18, 2021.



 Borrowings by US borrowers under the 2016 Credit Agreement are guaranteed by
the Company and its significant domestic subsidiaries. Borrowings by foreign
borrowers under the 2016 Credit Agreement are guaranteed by the Company, the
Company's significant domestic subsidiaries and certain of the Company's foreign
significant subsidiaries. Unlike the Existing Credit Agreement, no insignificant
subsidiaries guarantee obligations of the borrowers under the 2016 Credit
Agreement.

 The maximum aggregate amount of availability under the 2016 Credit Agreement is
$700 million, an increase of $100 million from Existing Credit Agreement.
Borrowings under the 2016 Credit Agreement will bear interest at the same rates
as borrowings under the Existing Credit Agreement.

 The 2016 Credit Agreement contains customary covenants and events of default
for transactions of this type, including two financial covenants: (i) an
interest coverage ratio that must be maintained at a level of not less than 3.00
to 1 and (ii) a leverage ratio that must be maintained at a level of not greater
than 3.75 to 1 (or 4.00 to 1 upon the occurrence of certain qualifying material
acquisitions). The other terms of the 2016 Credit Agreement are generally
consistent with the terms of the Existing Credit Agreement.

 Amended Farm Credit Term Loan Agreement

 On August 18, 2016, the Company entered into an amendment (the "Amendment") to
its Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated July 20, 2015 (the "Farm Credit
Agreement"), among the Company, Domtar Paper Company, LLC, as borrower (the "
Farm Credit Borrower"), CoBank, ACB, as administrative agent, and the lenders
and agents party thereto and the related Guarantee Agreement, pursuant to which,
among other things, certain subsidiaries of the Company that guaranteed the Farm
Credit Borrower's obligations under the Farm Credit Agreement were designated as
"insignificant subsidiaries" and were released from their guarantees of the Farm
Credit Borrower's obligations under the Farm Credit Agreement, as amended by the
Amendment.

 Release of Guarantors under the Indenture

 The Company is party to the Indenture, dated as of November 19, 2007, among the
Company, The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, and the subsidiary guarantors
party thereto from time to time (as previously supplemented and as may be
further supplemented, amended or otherwise modified, the "Indenture"). The
Indenture requires that all domestic subsidiaries of the Company that guarantee
indebtedness of the Company or its subsidiaries under the 2016 Credit Agreement
or any other indebtedness of the Company provide a guarantee of the Company's
obligations under the Indenture (each such subsidiary providing a guarantee of
the Company's obligations under the Indenture, a "Subsidiary Guarantor"). A
Subsidiary Guarantor is automatically released from its guarantee and other
obligations under the Indenture if such Subsidiary Guarantor is released from
all of its obligations under and its guarantees of indebtedness under the 2016
Credit Agreement and all other indebtedness of the Company. The insignificant
subsidiaries that guaranteed obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement and
the Farm Credit Agreement, but do not guarantee obligations under the 2016
Credit Agreement, the Farm Credit Agreement, as amended by the Amendment, or any
other indebtedness of the Company, were automatically released from their
guarantee and other obligations under the Indenture.






    ITEM 2.03

    Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant




 The information contained in Item 1.01 concerning the Company's direct
financial obligations under the 2016 Credit Agreement and the Amendment is
hereby incorporated herein by reference.







    ITEM 8.01

    Other Events




 The information contained in item 1.01 concerning the release of certain
Subsidiary Guarantors from their guarantee and other obligations under the
Indenture is hereby incorporated herein by reference.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             172 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           November 15, 1984 Thursday

Banks got half   of farmers' aid,   figures indicate

BYLINE: KEVIN COX; GAM

LENGTH: 647 words


By  KEVIN COX
 Nearly half the money spent by the Ontario Government in a program to aid
 financially troubled farmers has gone to banks and other financial
 institutions, according to Government figures.

The province has ended up paying the banks $14.3-million over the past
 two years after farmers defaulted on loans that were guaranteed under the
 Ontario Farm Adjustment Assistance Program, the figures show.

Farmers received about $18.8-million in interest rate subsidies from
 the program, which was designed to help farmers stay in business in a time
 of high interest rates and low commodity prices.

The large pay-out to the banks, while far below the $50- million to
 $70-million in losses some Government officials projected in 1982 when the
 program began, has angered some farm groups. They say the farm assistance
 program ended up helping the banks, not the farmers.

But it has been supported by the Ontario Federation of Agriculture, the
 province's largest farm group, which says the losses involved only 10 per
 cent of the risky loans backed by the province.

OFA president Harry Pelissero said the guarantees kept many farmers in
 business and helped others get out of business without heavy debts hanging
 over their heads.

The province has guaranteed about $140-million in loans over the past
 three years and about $65.5-million in guarantees from 960 farmers are
 still on the provincial books while the Ministry of Agriculture and Food
 re-assesses the program, due to end in December.

Nancy Bardecki, head of the program at the ministry, acknowledged in an
 interview that the program has been expensive.
    "We were taking on guarantees with a high-risk group of individuals and
 we knew that unless there was a substantial turn-around in agriculture
 there would be people in default."
    She said some of the farmers who received loan guarantees completed a
 detailed financial statement for the first time under the program.

Provincial Agriculture Minister Dennis Timbrell has defended farm
 assistance, saying it allowed many farmers to get loans from banks which
 wouldn't have lent the money without a provincial guarantee.

But Elbert Van Donkersgoed, executive-director of the Christian Farmers
 Federation of Ontario, said his group has never favored the loan guarantee
 system.
    "It is just bailing out the banks," Mr. Van Donkersgoed said in an
 interview. "I'm sure we could find farmers who have benefitted from the
 program but by far the greatest benefit has been to the banks."
    Mr. Van Donkersgoed's group has been pressuring the federal and
 provincial governments to persuade farm lenders to set aside some of the
 farm debts so farmers can stay in business until the agricultural economy
 improves.

Allen Wilford, past-president of the Canadian Farmers Survival
 Association, said the loan guarantees only ensured the banks received
 their money when farmers sold out, but didn't solve the problem of low
 commodity prices.
    "It's just the Government paying off the banks," he said. "It would
 have been better to use that money for subsidies on our products or to
 subsidize interest rates. It (the loan guarantee) is like life insurance,
 it doesn't guarantee you're going to live any longer."
    But the Ontario Federation of Agriculture is pressing for the
 continuation of the loan guarantee program and the interest rate subsidy,
 fearing that some farmers may not be able to get loans without the
 provincial guarantees.

Mr. Pelissero said in an interview yesterday that it is not fair to say
 the loan guarantees only protected the banks.
    "If only 10 per cent of the loan guarantees failed I greet that as good
 news," he said. "They have handled some 2,000 cases a year and it shows
 that farmers are working hard to bring their operations around."
    The Agriculture Ministry budgeted $60-million for the program three
 years ago and about $33 million has been spent so far.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1984 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             173 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Agriculture: Utah's Zions Moves to Develop Nationwide Farm Lending Capability

                            January 13, 1997, Monday

By JAMES B. ARNDORFER


Following the path it took in small-business lending, Zions Bancorp. is building
itself into a nationwide player in agriculture lending.

Zions' purchase of a major farm mortgage lender in December, and a recent
contract with Farmer Mac to service government-guaranteed loans, were intended
to gain the Salt Lake City banking company a lucrative niche in what it expects
to be a booming market.

On Jan. 3, the company announced it had bought the physical assets and employee
services of the farm investment division of Ames, Iowa-based MBL Co. The unit,
renamed Zions Agricultural Finance, now is a division of the holding company's
lead subsidiary, Zions First National Bank.

In addition, Zions Bank contracted with Farmer Mac, formally the Federal
Agricultural Mortgage Corp., to underwrite and service farm and ranch loans sold
on the secondary market.

"We intend to significantly expand our agricultural lending sales force for this
division in selected areas throughout the country," Zions chief executive Harris
Simmons said in a press release. "Zions is poised to become the largest
originator of farm and ranch loans sold through Farmer Mac."

The actions illustrated Zions' belief that government-guaranteed lending is a
profitable niche, and they tie into the bank's strategy of carrying niche
lending operations outside its western base.

"We have some product lines we have expertise with and can execute" anywhere,
Mr. Simmons said in an interview. "As a bank we have focused on classes of loans
we can originate and securitize and service without bulking up."

Zions' agriculture effort mirrors its small-business lending operation. Last
year it created a St. Louis-based Small Business Administration lending
subsidiary that expects to offer SBA loans in all 50 states before 1997 is over.

"It wasn't hard for us to figure this out because all we did was copy what we
were doing in small business," Zions executive vice president David Hemingway
said in an interview.

Joseph K. Morford, a banking analyst who follows Zions for Baltimore- based
Alex. Brown & Sons Inc., applauded the bank's decision to wade into guaranteed
farm lending.

"It fits in with Harris Simmons' approach of focusing on select businesses where
they can gain a competitive advantage and add value," he said. "They see a
tremendous opportunity here."

Before its sale to Zions for an undisclosed sum, the MBL unit had built up a
nationwide farm and ranch loan portfolio of about $300 million, Mr. Hemingway
said. Zions did not acquire the portfolio but did hire the roughly 10 employees.

Besides the principal office in Iowa, the division had sales offices in
Illinois, Ohio, and Utah, as well as correspondent relationships in California,
Oregon, and Florida.

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 461 words

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 American Banker, Inc.


                             174 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Agriculture: ABA Pushing for Increase In Guaranteed Farm Loans

                             August 9, 1999, Monday

By CRAIG WOKER


After months of studying the nation's farm crisis, the American Bankers
Association has released a report intended to help farmers-and their
bankers-weather future downturns.

At a news conference on Thursday, the ABA's Task Force on 21st Century
Agricultural Banking reiterated the need for the government to increase funding
of Agriculture Department guaranteed loans, to reform crop insurance laws, and
to improve rural access to capital.

Topping the task force's recommendations is increasing funding of the guaranteed
loan program, which ran out of money to lend in May before Congress approved
supplemental funding. These loans were crucial to restructuring farm debt last
year when the agricultural crisis began, said Dennis Everson, task force
chairman and senior vice president of First Dakota National Bank in Yankton,
S.D.

"Loans don't replace weak prices, but they do help bankers across the country
restructure debt and assist borrowers who are facing very meager cash flows,"
Mr. Everson said.

The ABA report is unrelated to the Senate's recent passage of $7.4 billion in
agricultural relief. But the ABA hopes its findings will help farmers deal with
frequent downturns in crop prices and demand.

In the first quarter, the rate of delinquent agricultural loans for purchases
other than real estate increased to 3.7%, from 3.2% a year earlier, said Keith
Leggett, the ABA's senior economist.

To help farmers deal with market ebbs and flows, the task force recommends
establishing voluntary "rainy day" savings accounts to which farmers could
contribute in prosperous times and draw from in weaker markets. Canada has a
similar program.

The recommendations also extend beyond farm banking. The task force says
small-business development centers could empower farmers and rural entrepreneurs
with business skills.

Among other suggestions:

Expand the Aggie bond program. Aggies are tax-exempt, low-interest bonds
available to farmers through banks in 15 states. The ABA is asking other states
to offer Aggie bonds as a way to encourage more people to enter the farming
industry.

Boost the U.S. conservation reduction program from 31 million acres of land to
40 million.

The government often removes acreage from production by paying farmers not to
work the land.

Removing an additional nine million acres would help reduce the crop surpluses
that have led to low prices.

Copyright c 1999 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: COMMUNITY/REGIONAL; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 416 words

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 American Banker, Inc.


                             175 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

WASHINGTON WATCH: U.S. Plans to Speed Farm Loans

                           January 19, 1993, Tuesday

By BILL ATKINSON

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Farmers Home Administration plans to launch a program in February that will
make it easier for farmers who have difficulty getting credit to qualify for
insured loans.

The goal is to cut the time it takes for banks to get approval from the farm
agency on guaranteed loans to start-up farmers and those recovering from
economic setbacks.

"It is bound to result in more loans," to farmers, said John Blanchfield,
division manager of the American Bankers Association's agriculture division.
"This enables banks to work with a farmer who normally would not get bank
credit." Two-Week Turnaround

Under the current program, the agency has 45 days before making a decision on a
loan. The new program will try to slash the time frame to 14 days.

Called the agency's "certified lending" program, the new system was mandated by
law and signed last October by President Bush.

It hopes to be an improved version of the agency's guaranteed-lending program,
which guarantees loans up to 90% as long as they are underwritten according to
government standards.

To speed up the process, lenders won't have to submit to the agency reams of
financials from the borrower for approval.

"We are optimistic it will cut down on the paperwork and speed up the service
for banks," said James Radintz, director of the agency's farm lending division.

"We will be relying on the lenders' expertise. We will not be scrutinizing all
of the submissions as we had in the regular program. Lenders won't have to bring
us a big thick stack of papers."

The agency will work with an estimated 2,000 banks. To qualify as a certified
lender, a bank has to be profitable, and it must be a participant in the
guarantee program.  A candidate must also have closed at least 10 agency-
guaranteed loans, five in the past two years.

Banks will not qualify if losses in the guaranteed program are more than 7% over
seven years.

Under the program, bank loans will initially go toward the purchase of seed,
fertilizer, chemicals, equipment, and livestock, and can be as much as $400,000.
The agency expects banks to be able eventually to make real estate loans up to
$300,000, but that will take congressional approval.  Other Loans Affected

The agency will also increase its guaranteed lines of credit for production to
five years from three.

Bankers' reactions are mixed on whether the program will work.

"It's definitely heading in the right direction," said Jeffrey Plagge, executive
vice president of First State Bank of Webster City, Iowa, whose bank has 30
agency loans on the books totaling $2.7 million. "It is something lenders have
really been pushing for."

"It is going to allow us to give our customers a much quicker answer," added Tom
Pousson, president and chief executive of Southwest Bank, Jennings, La., the
nation's largest lender under the agency's guarantee program. It made $21
million in such loans in 1992.

Jay T. Godwin, chairman, president and chief executive of First State Bank of
Canadian, Texas, said he's not convinced the new program will result in quicker
decisions. He argues that banks that qualify to make the loans shouldn't have to
get agency approval.

"It is more of the same program that we had in past," said Mr. Godwin, who runs
a $50-million-asset bank primarily involved in cattle lending.

"You just can't keep an agricultural borrower in limbo. He can't put his
production on hold while he gets credit approved."

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 577 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jay T. Godwin, Atkinson, photo

                      Copyright 1993 American Banker, Inc.


                             176 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                November 2, 1992

Bill to Speed UP FHA Lending

SECTION: FARM MORTGAGES; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 608 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Several new administrative procedures are contained in HR 6129, the beginning
farmer bill, that will simplify and speed up Farmers Home Administration
lending.

Earlier this month, Congress approved HR 6129 and sent it to the President for
his signature, along with a companion agricultural credit bill, HR 6125, which
addresses the safety and soundness of government-sponsored enterprises,
including the Farm Credit System.

Among its key provisions, the beginning farmer bill would expedite FmHA loan
application procedures, modify debt service margin requirements established by
regulation, and establish a certified lender program.

The bill also aims at establishing a Federal-state partnership to coordinate
assistance to beginning farmers through the new FmHA lending procedures.

The bill calls for graduation of FmHA direct loan borrowers to private sector
financing guaranteed by FmHA, and limits access to FmHA direct loan programs to
10 years.

Access to direct or guaranteed loan programs are limited to 15 years.

The measure would require a simplified application for guaranteed loans of $
50,000 or less.

In addition the measure targets loans to members of groups subjected to gender
prejudice and require FmHA to classify application records by gender.

Under the FCS measure, a deadline of 18 months from enactment of the bill is set
for the merger of the Federal Intermediate Credit Bank of Jackson, Miss.,
(FICBJ) and another Farm Credit Bank.  The bill also sets the following
guidelines for the merger:

* No later than June 30, 1993, FICBJ is to submit to the Farm Credit
Administration a letter of intent to merge with a Farm Credit Bank.

Subject to FCA approval, FICBJ will have until Oct. 31, 1993 to conclude the
merger.

* If the merger is not completed, or if FCA determines that negotiations are not
being conducted in good faith.  FCA will direct the American Arbitration
Association to appoint a panel of arbiters to establish a plan by which FICBJ
will merge with the Farm Credit Bank of Texas.

The plan will include a vote of the borrowers of each association to determine
whether the borrowers favor the chartering of Agricultural Credit Associations.

The Farm Credit measure also codifies long-term lending authority of the Farm
Credit Bank of Texas with respect to the Jackson District, and prohibits
overchartering unless approved by a majority of shareholders from both banks.

A number of miscellaneous provisions are contained in HR 6125 that cover
chartering, increased lending activities and examination of Farm Credit System
institutions and disclosure of financial information.  Among these are:

* Authorization for FCA to issue competitive charters to System institutions
"under certain limited circumstances."

* Increased flexibility of the Banks for Cooperatives to engage in certain
lending activities, including financing of water and sewer projects.

* Authorization of FCA to set the content of examination of System institutions.
Current requirements that examinations of System banks and direct lending
associations still must be made on an annual basis.

* A requirement for FCA to review its existing disclosure regulations regarding
financial information and potential conflicts of interest, and to amend its
regulations to address any deficiencies.

Other provisions of HR 6125 cap the annual competition for FCS bank directors
inflation; repeal the prohibition against System institutions extending a
guarantee on the performance of municipal debt issuance; and establish the Farm
Credit System Insurance Corp. board as a separate entity from FCA's board,
effective Jan. 1

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             177 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Seeks Applications for Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency
Loans and Grants

LENGTH: 604  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Agriculture  has issued the following news
release:



 District of Columbia, October 18, 2016 --



 USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service Administrator Sam Rikkers today
encouraged rural small businesses and agricultural producers to apply for loans
and grants to support renewable energy and energy efficiency projects.





 "These projects create long-term, economic benefits for businesses and rural
communities," Rikkers said. "USDA's funding helps promote U.S. energy
independence and supports the production of home-grown energy sources. I
encourage all eligible applicants to take advantage of this opportunity.  These
investments can help a small business cut costs, expand operations, hire more
workers and provide a better service to the communities in which they operate."



 USDA is accepting Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) applications for: 1)
energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants, and 2)
renewable energy system and energy efficiency guaranteed loans and grants.



 The application deadline for energy audit and renewable energy development
assistance grants is Jan. 31, 2017. Applications for renewable energy system and
energy efficiency grants of $20,000 or less are due by Oct. 31, 2016, for the
first funding cycle and March 31, 2017, for the second funding cycle.
Applications for renewable energy system and energy efficiency grants of greater
than $20,000 and all combination grants and guaranteed loans are due by March
31, 2017. USDA will set aside 20 percent of the funds for grants of $20,000 or
less.



 Applications for renewable energy system and energy efficiency grants or for
loan/grant combinations that are received after March 31, 2017, will be
considered in Fiscal Year 2018, which starts Oct. 1, 2017. Guaranteed loan
applications will be reviewed and processed when received, with periodic
competitions. For additional information, contact the USDA energy coordinator
for your state, or see page 71689 of the October 18 Federal Register.



 Eligible applicants for renewable energy system and energy efficiency loans and
grants include agricultural producers and rural small businesses, which may
include tribal business entities, rural electric cooperatives and public power
entities. Renewable energy sources include wind, solar, renewable biomass
(including anaerobic digesters), small hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal or
hydrogen derived from these renewable resources. Eligible applicants for energy
audit and renewable energy development assistance grants include State, tribal
or local governments; institutions of higher education; and rural electric
cooperatives and public power entities.



 Congress created the REAP program in the 2002 Farm Bill and reauthorized it in
the 2014 Farm Bill with guaranteed funding of no less than $50 million annually
for the duration of the five-year bill.



 In 2015, USDA provided a $500,000 REAP grant to support SR Camden LLC's solar
farm in Camden, Ark. The $32 million, 12 megawatt solar array on 100 acres at
the Highland Industrial Park has more than 150,000 solar panels. The energy
produced from the panels is fed to the adjacent electric utility substation and
is enough to power about 2,400 homes for a year.



 Nationwide, USDA has helped finance more than 12,000 REAP projects since 2009.
When fully operational, these projects will generate or save enough energy to
power more than 750,000 homes annually, and replace more than 36 million barrels
of oil annually.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             178 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Seeks Applications for Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency
Loans and Grants

LENGTH: 604  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Agriculture  has issued the following news
release:



 District of Columbia, October 18, 2016 --



 USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service Administrator Sam Rikkers today
encouraged rural small businesses and agricultural producers to apply for loans
and grants to support renewable energy and energy efficiency projects.





 "These projects create long-term, economic benefits for businesses and rural
communities," Rikkers said. "USDA's funding helps promote U.S. energy
independence and supports the production of home-grown energy sources. I
encourage all eligible applicants to take advantage of this opportunity.  These
investments can help a small business cut costs, expand operations, hire more
workers and provide a better service to the communities in which they operate."



 USDA is accepting Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) applications for: 1)
energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants, and 2)
renewable energy system and energy efficiency guaranteed loans and grants.



 The application deadline for energy audit and renewable energy development
assistance grants is Jan. 31, 2017. Applications for renewable energy system and
energy efficiency grants of $20,000 or less are due by Oct. 31, 2016, for the
first funding cycle and March 31, 2017, for the second funding cycle.
Applications for renewable energy system and energy efficiency grants of greater
than $20,000 and all combination grants and guaranteed loans are due by March
31, 2017. USDA will set aside 20 percent of the funds for grants of $20,000 or
less.



 Applications for renewable energy system and energy efficiency grants or for
loan/grant combinations that are received after March 31, 2017, will be
considered in Fiscal Year 2018, which starts Oct. 1, 2017. Guaranteed loan
applications will be reviewed and processed when received, with periodic
competitions. For additional information, contact the USDA energy coordinator
for your state, or see page 71689 of the October 18 Federal Register.



 Eligible applicants for renewable energy system and energy efficiency loans and
grants include agricultural producers and rural small businesses, which may
include tribal business entities, rural electric cooperatives and public power
entities. Renewable energy sources include wind, solar, renewable biomass
(including anaerobic digesters), small hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal or
hydrogen derived from these renewable resources. Eligible applicants for energy
audit and renewable energy development assistance grants include State, tribal
or local governments; institutions of higher education; and rural electric
cooperatives and public power entities.



 Congress created the REAP program in the 2002 Farm Bill and reauthorized it in
the 2014 Farm Bill with guaranteed funding of no less than $50 million annually
for the duration of the five-year bill.



 In 2015, USDA provided a $500,000 REAP grant to support SR Camden LLC's solar
farm in Camden, Ark. The $32 million, 12 megawatt solar array on 100 acres at
the Highland Industrial Park has more than 150,000 solar panels. The energy
produced from the panels is fed to the adjacent electric utility substation and
is enough to power about 2,400 homes for a year.



 Nationwide, USDA has helped finance more than 12,000 REAP projects since 2009.
When fully operational, these projects will generate or save enough energy to
power more than 750,000 homes annually, and replace more than 36 million barrels
of oil annually.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             179 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Seeks Applications for Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency
Loans and Grants

LENGTH: 604  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Agriculture  has issued the following news
release:



 District of Columbia, October 18, 2016 --



 USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service Administrator Sam Rikkers today
encouraged rural small businesses and agricultural producers to apply for loans
and grants to support renewable energy and energy efficiency projects.





 "These projects create long-term, economic benefits for businesses and rural
communities," Rikkers said. "USDA's funding helps promote U.S. energy
independence and supports the production of home-grown energy sources. I
encourage all eligible applicants to take advantage of this opportunity.  These
investments can help a small business cut costs, expand operations, hire more
workers and provide a better service to the communities in which they operate."



 USDA is accepting Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) applications for: 1)
energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants, and 2)
renewable energy system and energy efficiency guaranteed loans and grants.



 The application deadline for energy audit and renewable energy development
assistance grants is Jan. 31, 2017. Applications for renewable energy system and
energy efficiency grants of $20,000 or less are due by Oct. 31, 2016, for the
first funding cycle and March 31, 2017, for the second funding cycle.
Applications for renewable energy system and energy efficiency grants of greater
than $20,000 and all combination grants and guaranteed loans are due by March
31, 2017. USDA will set aside 20 percent of the funds for grants of $20,000 or
less.



 Applications for renewable energy system and energy efficiency grants or for
loan/grant combinations that are received after March 31, 2017, will be
considered in Fiscal Year 2018, which starts Oct. 1, 2017. Guaranteed loan
applications will be reviewed and processed when received, with periodic
competitions. For additional information, contact the USDA energy coordinator
for your state, or see page 71689 of the October 18 Federal Register.



 Eligible applicants for renewable energy system and energy efficiency loans and
grants include agricultural producers and rural small businesses, which may
include tribal business entities, rural electric cooperatives and public power
entities. Renewable energy sources include wind, solar, renewable biomass
(including anaerobic digesters), small hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal or
hydrogen derived from these renewable resources. Eligible applicants for energy
audit and renewable energy development assistance grants include State, tribal
or local governments; institutions of higher education; and rural electric
cooperatives and public power entities.



 Congress created the REAP program in the 2002 Farm Bill and reauthorized it in
the 2014 Farm Bill with guaranteed funding of no less than $50 million annually
for the duration of the five-year bill.



 In 2015, USDA provided a $500,000 REAP grant to support SR Camden LLC's solar
farm in Camden, Ark. The $32 million, 12 megawatt solar array on 100 acres at
the Highland Industrial Park has more than 150,000 solar panels. The energy
produced from the panels is fed to the adjacent electric utility substation and
is enough to power about 2,400 homes for a year.



 Nationwide, USDA has helped finance more than 12,000 REAP projects since 2009.
When fully operational, these projects will generate or save enough energy to
power more than 750,000 homes annually, and replace more than 36 million barrels
of oil annually.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             180 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               February 18, 1991

Farmer Mac's 1st Deal Ready

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 298 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp. was nearly ready to issue its first
security in a swap transaction with a Utah bank as NMN went to press.

The first Farmer Mac security will be issued under the "Farmer Mac II" program
for securitizing commercial loans guaranteed by the Farmers Home Administration.

A mortgage affiliate of Zions First National Bank, Salt Lake City, Utah, has
signed documents for the first swap transaction, in which loan portions
guaranteed by FmHA are exchanged for Farmer Mac securities.

The Zions loan pool totaled about $ 300,000 and involved two loans from the
Salina, Utah area.

The floating-rate loans had a rate of prime plus two percent to the borrowers.

"We are doing a small one just to make sure we know how to do it.  We anticipate
doing a lot more," said David Hemingway, an executive vice president for Zions.

Zions First National is the second largest pooler of Small Business
Administration-guaranteed loans, a program similar to the FmHA-guaranteed loan
secondary market.

Lenders do not need to be Farmer Mac stockholders to participate in the Farmer
Mac II program.

Farmer Mac also announced the formation of its first pool of guaranteed farm
ownership and farm operating loans to be securitized in the Farmer Mac II
secondary market.

"This is the important development that the Farmer Mac board and management has
been working to achieve," said Farmer Mac president Henry Edelman.

Lenders will have until March 15 to submit loans documents to the agency to
participate in the first pools.

And lenders will receive cash, not Farmer Mac securities, for selling their
loans into Farmer Mac II pools.

Farmer Mac intends to periodically announce the formation of loan pools with
deadlines for lenders to submit their loans.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             181 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                December 8, 1997

Farmer Mac Raises Additional Equity

SECTION: FARM & RURAL MORTGAGES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 324 words

DATELINE: Washington


The Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp., a government-sponsored enterprise
created to provide a secondary market for loans backed by rural housing and
farmland, has sold an additional 400,000 shares of Class C non-voting common
stock at $ 61 per share. raising $ 23 million of additional equity.

The net proceeds will be added to Farmer Mac's working capital for general
corporate purposes.  The public offering was underwritten by SBC Warburg Dillon
Read Inc. Farmer Mac's last stock offering of 1.4 million shares of Class C
Common Stock in December of 1996 generated net proceeds of $ 32 million.  Since
that time, the corporation said its financial performance has continued to
improve and the successful stock sales have added momentum to growing interest
in Farmer Mac among lenders.

As of September 30, total outstanding guaranteed mortgage-backed securities
stood at $ 813.5 million.  Net income for the nine-month period was about $ 3.3
million.  Loans sold into Farmer Mac's cash window program backed the issuance
of $ 171.9 million of new guaranteed MBS during the first nine months of this
year.  By the end of the third quarter, Farmer Mac had approved 123 lenders
based in 28 states as sellers, and an additional 30 lenders had applied to
participate.

Since September, Farmer Mac has also expanded its product line to include two
new variable rate products with fixed rate conversion features and a "part-time
farm" mortgage loan designed for borrowers who live on agricultural properties
but derive a significant portion of their income from off-farm employment.

Henry Edelman, president and CEO of the firm, said Farmer Mac hopes to achieve
higher volumes of loans purchased and guaranteed MBS issued.

"Initial market response to Farmer Mac's new products is promising, particularly
the indication that significant mortgage banking firms are now focusing on
becoming involved in the Farmer Mac program," he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1997 Faulkner & Gray


                             182 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright (c) 1998 Drake University
                       Drake Journal of Agricultural Law

                                  Spring, 1998

                            3 Drake J. Agric. L. 35

LENGTH: 13423 words

ARTICLE: FARM SERVICE AGENCY CREDIT PROGRAMS AND USDA NATIONAL APPEALS DIVISION

NAME: Stephen Carpenter*

BIO:



   * Stephen Carpenter is a Staff Attorney with Farmers' Legal Action Group,
Inc. (FLAG), St. Paul, MN. Brian Boysen, Lynn A. Hayes, Christopher S. Kelley,
Karen R. Krub, Sarnata Reynolds, Randi Illyse Roth, and Susan A. Schneider
provided research and writing that was incorporated directly into this review.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... The 1996 Federal Agricultural Improvement and Reform Act (1996 FAIR Act)
made significant changes to the FSA's major loan-making programs and to FSA's
ability to provide loan servicing to borrowers. ...  This regulation appears not
to be required by current federal statute. ... Before FSA takes any collection
action on a delinquent farmer program loan, FSA must send the borrower a notice
giving him or her the opportunity to apply for all primary and preservation loan
servicing programs. ...  The extent to which a lender is forced to cooperate
with the borrower in seeking out loan servicing is not spelled out in the
regulations. ...  First, the lender must meet the obligations found in the loan
documents signed by the lender and the borrower. ...  The Parker court concluded
that the farmer with a guaranteed loan was not legally a third party beneficiary
of the Lender's Agreement. ...  Although it is not required by statute, the USDA
requires that a guaranteed loan appeal include the lender. ...  When FSA first
proposed a set of USDA regulations to implement NAD, it defined participant to
include a guaranteed loan borrower. ...  According to the final regulations,
therefore, a guaranteed loan borrower or applicant can only appeal an adverse
FSA decision if the lender joins the appeal. ...

TEXT:

   I. Introduction


   This Article provides a brief review of several current legal issues in the
area of Farm Service Agency (FSA) Farm Credit Programs and the United States
Department of Agriculture's (USDA) National Appeals Division (NAD).  n1

   II. 1996 FAIR Act and FSA Credit


   The 1996 Federal Agricultural Improvement and Reform Act (1996 FAIR Act) made
significant changes to the FSA's major loan-making programs and to FSA's ability
to provide loan servicing to borrowers.  n2 The following summary lists a few of
the most important changes.



   A. Debt Forgiveness and Loan Eligibility


   Many farmers who received debt forgiveness from FSA are no longer eligible
for FSA loans.  n3 Debt forgiveness for this purpose is defined as reducing or
terminating a direct or guaranteed loan in a manner that results in a loss to
the Secretary of Agriculture by write-down, write-off, debt settlement, payment
of a loss claim on a guaranteed loan, or a discharge in bankruptcy.  n4

   B. Delinquency and Loan Eligibility


   The 1996 FAIR Act eliminated the possibility of FSA direct operating loans to
borrowers who are delinquent on either a direct or guaranteed loan.  n5 Further,
the applicant, and anyone who will execute the promissory note, cannot be
delinquent on any federal debt.  n6 This restriction will not apply if the
federal delinquency is cured on or before the loan closing date.  n7



   C. Emergency Loans Eligibility


   New FSA regulations say that FSA Emergency Loan (EM) applicants must not be
delinquent on any direct or guaranteed FSA loan.  n8 Emergency loans are
available for victims of natural disasters. This regulation appears not to be
required by current federal statute.  n9 The 1996 FAIR Act states that the USDA
may not make a "direct operating loan under subtitle B to a borrower who is
delinquent on any loan made or guaranteed under this title."  n10 EM loans are
not direct operating loans and are not authorized under subtitle B of the
statute.  n11 On its face, therefore, the delinquency restriction in the FAIR
Act only applies to direct operating loans. It does not apply to EM loans.  n12


   Further, the language of the 1996 FAIR Act regarding the delinquency
restriction is in direct contrast to the language used in the Act dealing with
debt forgiveness.  n13 In addition, the 1996 FAIR Act Conference Committee
Managers made a similar distinction between the restrictions based on FSA
delinquency and FSA debt forgiveness.  n14



   Although it is not mentioned in the Federal Register, the agency may have
believed that the delinquency restriction on EM loan eligibility is required by
the Federal Debt Collection Act. This statute prohibits federal assistance in
the form of a loan or loan guarantee to persons with an outstanding debt that is
in delinquent status.  n15 The statute does not, however, apply to disaster
loans.  n16


   Finally, even if the statute limited EM loans, FSA could receive a waiver
from the restriction.  n17 According to the Federal Debt Collection Act, the
limitations on loan making to people who are already delinquent on a debt to the
federal government may be waived.  n18 "The Secretary of the Treasury may
exempt, at the request of an agency, any class of claims."  n19 The statute does
not restrict the character of the waiver. If the agency believed that the
restrictions found in the Federal Debt Collection Act limited eligibility for EM
loans, the agency could seek an exemption from the restrictions. The 1996 FAIR
Act makes farmers who have received debt forgiveness on a direct loan in the
past ineligible for future debt forgiveness on other direct loans.  n20



   D. No Leaseback-Buyback, No Net Recovery Buyout


   The 1996 FAIR Act eliminated the farmland leaseback-buyback program.  n21
This program offered farmers who had lost their farmland to FSA through
foreclosure, bankruptcy, or voluntary conveyance a chance to reacquire that
land.  n22


   The Act eliminated FSA authority to enter into net recovery buyouts of farm
borrowers.  n23 This authority was replaced with a current market value buyout
program.  n24 The Act also changed the formula that FSA will use to measure
farmers' cash flow for the purpose of determining loan servicing eligibility.
n25

   E. More Beginning Farmer Loans, More Guaranteed Loans


   The FAIR Act created rules for direct operating and direct farm ownership
loans that pushed the program toward beginning farmers.  n26 In addition, the
Act continued the recent trend of attempting to replace direct loans with
guaranteed loans.  n27

   F. Inventory Land Changes


   The 1996 FAIR Act made significant changes to the procedures FSA uses to
dispose of farmland in its inventory.  n28 The Act eliminated many of the
priorities for sale or lease of FSA inventory farmland.  n29 The only farmers
who will be given priority consideration for purchases of inventory farmland are
qualified beginning  farmers and ranchers.  n30 If the land is located within an
Indian reservation, special rules apply.  n31

   G. Revised Good Faith


   The Act changed the definition of borrower good faith.  n32 It is now easier
for the government to show that a borrower has failed to act in good faith.

   H. New Financing Arrangements


   The 1996 FAIR Act created several new kinds of financing arrangements,
including a line of credit option for operating loans  n33 and a special joint
financing program for farm ownership loans.  n34

   I. Private Reserve for Borrowers


   The FAIR Act created private reserves for operating loans.  n35 These private
reserves allow the USDA to reserve a portion of any operating loan and place it
in an unsupervised bank account that may be used at the discretion of the
borrower for the basic family needs of the borrower and the immediate family.
n36



   J. Crop Insurance Linkage


   Beginning with the 1996 crop year, the farmer seeking either a direct or a
guaranteed FSA loan must choose one of two options.  n37 The farmer can either:
(1) get crop "insurance for each crop of economic significance in which the
person has an interest" (if such insurance is available);  n38 or (2) sign a
form that waives "any eligibility for emergency crop loss assistance in
connection" with the uninsured crop.  n39


   A crop of economic significance is defined as one that accounts for ten
percent or more of the total expected value of all crops grown by the producer.
n40 Crop insurance is only required if it is available in the area for the crop
in question.  n41 The 1996 FAIR Act gave producers the option of waiving certain
benefits instead of obtaining crop insurance on all crops of economic
significance.  n42 This option was available for 1996 and all later crop years.
n43 Under this option, if the producer wishes to remain eligible for linked USDA
benefits-including FSA loans-and the producer does not wish to obtain insurance
for all crops of economic significance, he or she must sign a waiver that makes
the producer ineligible for emergency crop loss assistance.  n44 Any producer
who signs the waiver agrees that he or she will not be eligible for emergency
crop loss assistance for the  crop to which the waiver applies.  n45 Limited
resource farmers can receive a waiver of the administrative processing fee.  n46

   III. Administrative Offsets of USDA Farm Programs Before Acceleration


   In August of 1997 the FSA issued new regulations governing the administrative
offset of farm program payments.  n47 The most important change in these
regulations is that FSA will now offset prior to acceleration of the debt.  n48
FSA intends to seize farmers' Production Flexibility Contract, Conservation
Reserve Program, Loan Deficiency Program, and other Farm Program payments by
administrative offset prior to acceleration.  n49

   A. Arguably, Federal Statute Prohibits USDA Offset


   An argument can be made that the statutory authority to offset may not extend
to some Farm Program payments. The Debt Collection Act provides that the offset
provisions of the Act do not apply when there is another statute that prohibits
the use of offsets.  n50


   Before FSA takes any collection action on a delinquent farmer program loan,
FSA must send the borrower a notice giving him or her the opportunity to apply
for all primary and preservation loan servicing programs.  n51 If the borrower
applies for the loan servicing programs within the required time period on the
notices, FSA is required by statute to consider him or her for all of these
programs.  n52 Arguably, if a borrower applies, UDSA is prohibited from
collecting by administrative offset until a borrower is given notice and
consideration for all  loan servicing programs. FSA argues offset is something
other than a collection action.  n53


   Any FSA farmer-borrower whose security agreement with FSA covers Farm Program
payments is entitled to have them released to pay essential living and operating
expenses until the farmer's loan accounts are accelerated.  n54 If FSA has a
vested security interest in the program payments, FSA arguably is prohibited
from seizing the payments to the extent the payment is needed for essential
family living and farm operating expenses.

   B. USDA Can Request Exemption


   The Debt Collection Act also allows a head of an agency to request that the
Secretary of Treasury grant an exemption from offsets for some programs.  n55
The statute requires that the exemption for non means tested programs be granted
pursuant to standards set by the Department of Treasury that "give due
consideration to whether administrative offset would tend to interfere
substantially with or defeat the purposes of the payment certifying agency's
program."  n56 The USDA programs in question arguably could meet this criterion.
Offset of many types of Farm Program payments will interfere substantially with
the purposes of those programs. Four examples, the Emergency Conservation
Program,  n57 the Livestock Indemnity Program,  n58 the Conservation Reserve
Program,  n59 and Production Flexibility Contract payments,  n60 illustrate this
point.


   First, the purpose of the Emergency Conservation Program (ECP) is to provide
cost share assistance to help farmers rehabilitate farmland damaged by natural
disasters.  n61 To be eligible for ECP, the conservation problem must materially
affect the productive capacity of the land or water resources and must be so
costly to rehabilitate that federal assistance will be needed to return the land
to productive agricultural use.  n62 Because the eligibility for this program
requires that  federal assistance be needed to accomplish the costly
rehabilitation, the seizure of these payments will substantially interfere with
the purpose of the program. Offset will prevent the conservation rehabilitation
from occurring, causing land to remain unproductive for agricultural use.


   Second, the purpose of the Livestock Indemnity Program is to provide income
to replace livestock lost in a natural disaster in order to help ensure the
continuing economic viability of the recipients' farming operations.  n63
Seizure of these payments by offset will prevent the farmers from replacing
livestock lost in the disasters of last winter and spring. Offset of these
program payments will interfere with the purposes of this special disaster
assistance program.


   Third, the Conservation Reserve Program's (CRP) purpose is to provide farmers
with assistance that will allow them to "protect environmentally sensitive
lands, conserve natural resources and make rational farm and land management
decisions."  n64 If CRP payments are offset, farmers will pull their land out of
the program or refuse to sign land into the program. As farmers refuse to
participate, the environmental and conservation purposes of the program will be
impaired.


   Finally, one of the stated purposes of the Production Flexibility Contract
(PFC) Program is to "provide certainty to lenders as a basis for extending
credit to production agriculture."  n65 Offsetting these Farm Program payments
when they have been pledged as security to other lending institutions,
especially when this pledge was made with the knowledge of FSA, as in the case
of a subordination, clearly will interfere with the purpose of providing the
type of certainty to agricultural lenders of which Congress spoke. Lenders will
not view the PFC payments as providing any certainty of income that could be
used to support the loan in any case where the farmer also has FSA credit.
Offset of the PFC payments will interfere substantially with at least one of the
congressionally-stated purposes of the PFC program.


   In the case where FSA is offsetting Farm Program payments to apply them to
loans, it is also important to consider the effect that the offset will have on
the purpose of the loan programs themselves. FSA loan programs are designed to
"foster and encourage the family farm system of agriculture in this country" by
providing loans to limited resource, low income and beginning farmers.  n66
Congress has emphasized that the loans are to be made and serviced in a manner
that places "a high priority on keeping existing farm operations operating."
n67 By seizing Farm Program payments through administrative offset when the
payments are needed for living and operating expenses, when they are pledged as
collateral for loans from other lenders, or before consideration of loan
servicing, further stress will be placed on family farms.

   IV. Loan Servicing for Guaranteed Loans


   As FSA guaranteed loans become more common, the servicing of these loans
should become more important as well. Several types of loan servicing are
possible for FSA guaranteed loan borrowers as follows: (1) loan consolidation;
(2) loan rescheduling and reamortization, which can change the terms of the loan
to extend repayment; (3) loan deferral; (4) loan write-downs; and (5) interest
rate assistance in which FSA contributes four percentage points of interest.
n68


   FSA regulations set out eligibility requirements for each type of loan
servicing.  n69 The extent to which a lender is forced to cooperate with the
borrower in seeking out loan servicing is not spelled out in the regulations.
FSA approval is required for each of these loan servicing possibilities.  n70
The lender's guarantee applies to losses from loan servicing.  n71

   A. Lender Responsibilities for Loan Servicing


   The lender is bound by two types of obligations that may affect the rights of
borrowers. First, the lender must meet the obligations found in the loan
documents signed by the lender and the borrower.  n72 Further, the lender must
meet the general legal obligations of lenders.  n73 In this sense, FSA
guaranteed loans are no different than any other loan from that particular
lender.


   Second, the lender is obligated to follow certain requirements unique to FSA
guaranteed loans. These requirements can be found in several places. The lender
likely signed several documents that discuss loan servicing. These documents
include the Lender's Agreement,  n74 which is signed by the lender and  FSA, and
either a Loan Note Guarantee,  n75 which is used for loans, or a Contract of
Guarantee,  n76 which is used for lines of credit. In addition, according to the
Lender's Agreement, the lender is required to follow the regulations governing
FSA guaranteed loans found in the Code of Federal Regulations at the time the
agreement is signed.  n77 Future amendments to the regulations also bind the
lender so long as they are not inconsistent with the Lender's Agreement.  n78

   B. Basic Lender Obligations Regarding Loan Servicing


   Regulations covering FSA guaranteed loans provide for at least seven lender
obligations regarding loan servicing.  n79 First, the lender must service the
loan in a reasonable manner.  n80 Second, the lender may not be negligent in
servicing the loan.  n81 The Lender's Agreement, the Loan Note Guarantee, and
the Contract for Guarantee state that the lender may not be negligent in
servicing the loan.  n82 "Negligent servicing is defined as the failure to
perform services which a reasonably prudent lender would perform in servicing
its own portfolio of loans that are not guaranteed."  n83 Third, the Lender's
Agreement requires that if the borrower is thirty days past due on a payment or
is otherwise in default, the lender must arrange a meeting of the lender, FSA,
and the borrower.  n84 The purpose of the meeting is to try to resolve the
default.  n85 Fourth, according to the Lender's Agreement, if the borrower is in
default, the lender must negotiate in good faith in an effort to resolve any
problem and to permit the borrower to cure the default, where reasonable.  n86
Fifth, if the lender believes that a liquidation is imminent, and the farmer
does not already have an Interest Assistance Agreement in effect, the lender
must do three things.  n87 These steps are required by FSA regulations and are a
part of the Lender's Agreement and the Loan Note Guarantee and the Contract of
Guarantee.  n88 If the lender believes that liquidation of the loan is imminent,
it must  consider the borrower for Interest Assistance and ask FSA to determine
if the borrower is eligible for Interest Assistance.  n89 If the lender believes
that liquidation of the loan is imminent, it may not initiate foreclosure action
on the loan until sixty days after a determination has been made.  n90 Sixth,
where a state has a mediation program, the lender must participate in accordance
with the rules of that system.  n91 Seventh, according to the Lender's
agreement, the lender only may use liquidation if there has been a default by
the borrower and the default could not be cured within a reasonable time.  n92

   C. FSA's Possible Response if the Lender Does not Service the Loan


   Lenders risk their guarantee payments from FSA if they do not service the
loan correctly. For example, the Lender's Agreement says that the FSA will not
pay the lender on the guarantee to the extent the lender's loss was caused by
negligent servicing.  n93 It is FSA, therefore, that has the most power with the
lender and can most easily insist that the lender meet its loan servicing
requirements.

   D. Borrower Rights to Loan Servicing


   A more difficult question is the extent to which the borrower can claim that
he or she has a legal right to loan servicing. Conventional wisdom holds that
borrowers do not have a legal right to loan servicing that they can enforce in
court. A Sixth Circuit decision in Parker v. United States Department of
Agriculture concluded that farmers did not have that right.  n94 Generally, when
a borrower, or any other person, is not a party to a contract, this third party
does not have a legal right to demand that the contract be carried out.  n95 One
exception to this rule, however, would apply if the court concluded that a
guaranteed loan borrower was a third party beneficiary of the contract.  n96 A
third party beneficiary in a guaranteed loan contract could sue in court to
force the contract to be carried out.  n97 The Parker court concluded that the
farmer with a guaranteed loan was not legally a third party beneficiary of the
Lender's Agreement.  n98



   A United States Court of Claims opinion in Schuerman v. United States looked
at the issue in a somewhat different way.  n99 It followed the Parker court in
concluding that the Lender's Agreement did not create any enforceable rights for
the borrower.  n100 Unlike the Parker court, however, the Schuerman court looked
closely at the Contract of Guarantee.  n101 The Contract of Guarantee is used
for lines of credit.  n102 A similar document, Loan Note Guarantee, is used for
other guaranteed loans.  n103 Essentially, the Schuerman court concluded that
the borrower was a third party beneficiary of the Contract of Guarantee.  n104

   V. Guaranteed Loan FSA Appeals Must Include Lenderp



   The USDA appeals system applies to FSA guaranteed loans.  n105 Although it is
not required by statute, the USDA requires that a guaranteed loan appeal include
the lender. Only adverse decisions regarding an FSA guaranteed loan may be
appealed. An adverse decision is defined in USDA regulations quite broadly. It
is "as an administrative decision . . . that is adverse to a participant. The
term includes equitable relief by an agency or the failure of an agency to issue
a decision or otherwise act on the request or right of the participant within
time frames specified."  n106 The federal statute defines adverse decisions as
an administrative decision that is adverse to the participant.  n107
Intuitively, one might suspect that an FSA guaranteed loan borrower is a
participant in FSA programs and should be eligible to file an appeal if he or
she felt wronged by the FSA. However, the 1994 Reorganization Act, which created
the NAD system, allowed the Secretary of Agriculture to define a participant.
n108 When FSA first proposed a set of USDA regulations to implement NAD, it
defined participant to include a guaranteed loan  borrower.  n109 In the final
regulations, USDA defined participant differently. Part of the definition is
reasonable. It defined participant as one who "has applied for, or whose right
to participate in or receive, a payment, . . . loan guarantee, or other benefit.
. . ."  n110 The final regulations also required "[w]ith respect to guaranteed
loans made by FSA, both borrower and lender jointly must appeal an adverse
decision."  n111 According to the final regulations, therefore, a guaranteed
loan borrower or applicant can only appeal an adverse FSA decision if the lender
joins the appeal.  n112

   VI. FSA Disaster Set-Aside (DSA)



   The Farm Services Agency (FSA) Disaster Set-Aside (DSA) program allows FSA
borrowers suffering from a disaster to skip an annual installment payment on a
direct FSA loan and instead move the payment to the end of the loan repayment
period.  n113 Farmers must request a disaster set-aside within eight months of
the date the disaster was officially designated.  n114

   A. Loans that May be Set Aside


   FSA regulations limit the type of loans that may be set aside.  n115 To be
eligible for a disaster set-aside, the farmer's FSA farm loan must not already
have been accelerated.  n116 Only one unpaid installment for each FSA loan may
be set aside.  n117 If there is an installment still set aside from a previous
disaster, the loan is not eligible for disaster set-aside.  n118 In general, the
installment to be set aside is the first annual installment due immediately
after the disaster occurred.  n119 If, however, that installment has been paid,
the next scheduled annual installment after the  disaster may be set aside.
n120 FSA will set aside a loan installment only if the term remaining on the
loan receiving the set-aside extends at least two years from the due date of the
installment being set aside.  n121

   B. Farmer Eligibility


   The following are among the requirements that must be met for a farmer to be
eligible for a disaster set-aside.  n122 A farmer may be considered for the
disaster set-aside only once for each disaster.  n123 All eligible loans may be
set aside at the same time.  n124

   C. Amount of the Set-Aside


   Often, the full amount of the FSA installment will be set aside.  n125 It is
possible, however, that less than the full installment of an FSA payment may be
set aside.  n126 If an installment is set aside and then the installment is paid
in full by the farmer, another installment on that loan may be set aside.  n127
Technically, once the set-aside installment has been paid in full, the set-aside
no longer exists, and therefore the loan may be considered for a set-aside in
the future.  n128


   If an installment is set aside and then canceled through an FSA
restructuring, a payment on the restructured loan may not be set aside.  n129
Once the set- aside installment is canceled through restructuring, it
technically no longer exists.  n130



   D. Which Installments May be Set Aside


   In general, the installment to be set aside is the first annual installment
due immediately after the disaster occurred.  n131 If that installment has been
paid, the next scheduled annual installment after the disaster may be set aside.
n132

   E. Interaction Between Primary Loan Servicing and Disaster Set-Aside


   The disaster set-aside program is not intended to replace or get around
regular FSA loan servicing.  n133 The two programs interact in the following
way.  Farmers are not eligible for assistance under both the disaster set-aside
program and primary loan servicing.  n134 Once a farmer applies for a disaster
set- aside, any pending request the farmer has made for primary loan servicing
will continue to be considered by FSA.  n135 Once the farmer receives the
benefits of one of the programs-either disaster set-aside or primary loan
servicing- the application for the program not received will be automatically
withdrawn.  n136 This withdrawal is not appealable.  n137

   VII. Discrimination in Farm Lending at USDA


   A spate of publicity concerning discrimination in USDA lending programs
brought attention to the issue in 1996 and 1997. Even USDA officials have
acknowledged the problem.  n138 Discrimination has been a consistent feature of
USDA farm credit programs since their inception more than six decades ago.  n139
In 1982, for example, the Director of FmHA's Equal Opportunity Staff stated
frankly that his office is "in no position to enforce compliance with civil
rights laws,"  n140  and in 1990, the Acting Director of USDA's Office of
Advocacy and Enterprise acknowledged in writing that FmHA was "frequently in
noncompliance with civil rights requirements at the local level."  n141


   The situation seems to have changed very little of late. Farmers of color and
women continue to believe that discrimination is common.  n142 USDA still lacks
an effective system of investigating complaints and remedying them.  n143

   A. Equal Credit Opportunity Act (ECOA)


   Litigation is an option. The Equal Credit Opportunity Act (ECOA) provides
possibly the best avenue of approach.  n144


   The core of the ECOA is the provision that it is "unlawful for any creditor
to discriminate against any applicant with respect to any aspect of a credit
transaction" on a prohibited basis.  n145 Prohibited bases are race, color,
religion, sex, marital status, age (provided the applicant has the capacity to
contract), the applicant's receipt of income from any public assistance program,
and the applicant's exercise, in good faith, of any right under the Consumer
Protection Act, which includes the ECOA.  n146


   To discriminate against an applicant means to "treat an applicant less
favorably than other applicants."  n147 Discrimination on a prohibited basis is
a  violation of the ECOA whether or not the discrimination was intentional or
conscious.  n148

   B. Ways to Prove Lending Discrimination Under the ECOA


   In general there are three ways to prove lending discrimination under the
ECOA as follows: (1) overt discrimination; (2) disparate treatment; and (3)
disparate impact.  n149

   1. Overt Discrimination


   Overt discrimination occurs "when a lender openly discriminates on a
prohibited basis."  n150 In the rare case when evidence establishes that a
creditor openly discriminates against an individual on a prohibited basis, it is
not necessary to apply other formulas used to establish an inference of
discrimination.  n151

   2. Disparate Treatment


   Disparate treatment arises when a lender "treats a credit applicant
differently based on one of the prohibited bases."  n152 There are three basic
steps in making a claim of disparate treatment. First, the plaintiff must
present a prima facie case of credit discrimination on a prohibited basis.  n153
Second, the burden  shifts to the defendant to articulate a legitimate,
nondiscriminatory reason for the actions of which the plaintiff complains.  n154
Third, if the defendant is able to offer  such an explanation, the burden shifts
back to the plaintiff, who must offer evidence sufficient to demonstrate that
the explanation offered by the defendant in reality was a pretext for
discrimination.  n155


   The central point of the disparate treatment analysis is that direct evidence
of bias is rare in discrimination cases.  n156 In fact, one of the reasons for
the whole burden-shifting framework is that there often is no smoking-gun
evidence of discrimination.  n157


   a. The Prima Facie Case of Disparate Treatment. The first step in the
disparate treatment theory of proof requires the plaintiff to establish a prima
facie case of credit discrimination.  n158 In doing so, the plaintiff is
essentially using inference to make the case. The plaintiff must "present facts
from which one can infer that the . . . actions taken by the defendants, if
unexplained, more likely than not were the result of unlawful discrimination."
n159


   In general, finding of a prima facie case of credit discrimination under the
ECOA should be appropriate if a person: (1) is in a protected class; (2) applied
for  an FSA Farm Credit program service of some kind; (3) was wrongly
denied-even if only temporarily while an appeal was made and ultimately won; and
(4) other applicants received the same services during that time.  n160


   b. Rebutting the Prima Facie Case of Disparate Treatment-Legitimate
Nondiscriminatory Reasons. Once a prima facie case of credit discrimination on a
prohibited basis is established through a disparate treatment analysis, the
burden of proof shifts to the defendant.  n161 The defendant must articulate a
"legitimate, nondiscriminatory reason" for its actions.  n162


   c. Plaintiff's Response to Defendant's Attempt to Articulate a Legitimate,
Nondiscriminatory Reason. If the defendant is able to offer a legitimate,
nondiscriminatory reason for its actions, the burden shifts back to the
plaintiff, who must offer evidence sufficient to demonstrate that the
explanation offered by the defendant in reality was a pretext for
discrimination.  n163

   3. Disparate Impact and the Effects Test


   Even if a creditor is not directly treating applicants differently on
prohibited bases, the effect of the creditor's policies and practices may be
adversely affecting a protected class. A disparate impact analysis-sometimes
referred to as a disparate effect analysis or the effects test-can be used to
prove a violation of the ECOA.  n164 A disparate impact analysis assumes that
the practices in question have been applied neutrally to all.  n165


   The steps required to prove discrimination under the disparate impact method
are different from the method used to prove disparate treatment. In general,
there are three steps required in a disparate impact analysis. First, the
plaintiff must establish that the policy or practice has a disparate impact on a
prohibited basis.  n166 Second, the defendant may defend the policy or practice
as  justified by business necessity.  n167 Third, the practice or policy may be
justified by business necessity.  n168 It is discriminatory if an alternative
policy or practice could serve the same purpose with a less discriminatory
effect.  n169 It is generally accepted that proof of discriminatory intent is
not necessary in an ECOA disparate impact analysis.  n170



   C. FSA as Defendant


   ECOA law does not change significantly simply because the federal government
is the lender. In Gross v. United States Small Business Administration, the
court agreed that the Small Business Administration (SBA) was a creditor within
the meaning of the Act.  n171 In Moore v. United States Department of
Agriculture, the Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) was the creditor.  n172 In
this case, the court would have applied the standard burden shifting approach to
FmHA had the court not decided that it was unnecessary, because there was direct
evidence of discrimination.  n173

   D. ECOA Damages


   The ECOA states that "any creditor who fails to comply with any requirement
imposed under this subchapter shall be liable to the aggrieved applicant for any
actual damages sustained by such applicant . . ."  n174 Intangible losses also
constitute actual damages.  n175 In litigation against the government, punitive
damages are not available.  n176

   VIII. National Appeals Division (NAD): Lane v. USDA


   In Lane v. USDA, the Eighth Circuit ruled that the Administrative Procedure
Act (APA) and the Equal Access to Justice Act (EAJA) apply  to National Appeals
Division (NAD) hearings.  n177 Under this ruling, successful appellants may
claim costs and attorneys fees from the government.  n178


   EAJA provides that a party who successfully challenges or defends against
government action can recover fees and expenses incurred if the adjudicating
officer finds that the government's position was not substantially justified.
n179 EAJA provides that claims for costs and fees may be made for any
adjudication brought under the federal APA.  n180 The APA establishes procedures
and requirements for "on the record" adjudications by federal agencies.  n181
USDA contended that the APA and EAJA do not apply to NAD appeals.  n182 Only
parties to adjudications conducted under section 554 of the APA are eligible for
EAJA fee reimbursements.  n183 There are three requirements for a government
proceeding to come under section 554 of the APA as follows: (1) the proceeding
must be an adjudication; (2) there must be statutory opportunity for a hearing;
and (3) the hearing must be on the record.  n184 The Eighth Circuit found that
NAD hearings meet all three requirements for APA and EAJA applicability.  n185

   IX. NAD System in Controversy


   In the last two years the NAD system has come under increasing criticism-
particularly in the popular agriculture press. Critics point out that the NAD
director is reversing a high percentage of NAD appeal hearing officer decisions
which favor the farmer and reversing very few of the hearing officer decisions
that favor the USDA.  n186

   X. Looming Shared Appreciation Agreements


   Many FSA borrowers who received loan servicing in the 1980s signed shared
appreciation agreements.  n187 These agreements changed somewhat over the
years.  n188 In general, the shared appreciation agreements provide that under
certain conditions, if the value of the borrower's real estate increases over
the next ten years, the borrower may be required to pay back some part of the
original loan write-down.  n189

   A. What Triggers the Repayment Provisions


   The repayment provisions of the shared appreciation agreement can be
triggered in one of several ways. Recapture can be triggered if the real estate
is conveyed, if the original loan or line of credit that was written down is
repaid,  n190 or the borrower stops farming.  n191 In addition, the end of the
agreement triggers recapture.  n192 Agreements can last for up to ten years.
n193 For some borrowers the ten year trigger is coming soon.

   B. Amount the Borrower Must Pay if the Agreement is Triggered


   The amount of the write-down that must be paid back out of the shared
appreciation varies depending on several factors. In general, repayment
calculations are based on the appreciation of the real estate.  n194 A shared
appreciation agreement will never require that the borrower repay more than the
amount of the original write-down.  n195 The amount that must be repaid is
usually either fifty percent or seventy-five percent of the value of the
appreciation in the real estate.  n196 Seventy-five percent of the appreciated
value of the real estate must be repaid if the shared appreciation agreement is
triggered within four years of the write-down.  n197 Fifty percent of the
appreciated value of the real estate must be repaid if the share appreciation
agreement is triggered after four years from the write-down.  n198



   XI. USDA Delays Before the 1996 FAIR Act: Possible Legal Strategies



   Numerous farmers applied for various FSA credit programs and services before
the 1996 FAIR Act passed. Had these applications been considered and acted upon
in a timely fashion, many farmers would have been eligible for the programs for
which they applied. Once the 1996 FAIR Act passed, however, the restrictive
nature of the credit title made many of the farmers ineligible under the terms
of the new statute.  Often, the time limit for FSA to act on an application was
set by statute.  n199


   These farmers face difficulty in finding legal relief. First, the statutes
controlling FSA lending programs do not provide a private right of action.  n200
Second, potential borrowers probably do not have a constitutional property
interest in a future loan.  n201 Even if a property right could be established,
individual USDA officials may be immune from a Bivens- type action.  n202 Third,
in actions under the Federal Tort Claims Act (FTCA),  n203 in which the
plaintiff is permitted to sue the government, the plaintiff will have difficulty
establishing that the statutorily mandated deadlines actually create a duty.
n204 Courts indicate that the federal government's duty in such a case must
originate in state law-not federal regulation.  n205 Fourth, farmers will
typically be hard pressed to establish that a contract for a future loan or
future loan servicing actually existed. Other equitable arguments, perhaps based
on reliance, seem possible, although at least one court has noted that in order
to estop the government, "a private party must allege more than mere negligence,
delay, inaction, or failure to follow an internal agency guideline."  n206 FSA's
failure to act in a timely fashion might, however, prove useful as an
affirmative defense to an FSA collection action. This approach has had some
success in attempting to force the Farm Credit System to honor the rights of
creditors granted in federal statute but seemingly otherwise unenforceable.
n207




Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Contracts LawSecured TransactionsPerfection & PriorityPriorityAccessions &
FixturesFixtures & CropsReal Property LawEnvironmental RegulationLiabilities &
RisksContractual RelationshipsReal Property LawLandlord & TenantLease
AgreementsCommercial LeasesSale-Leaseback Transactions

FOOTNOTES:




n1  For a previous review, see James T. Massey, Farmers Home Administration and
Farm Credit System Update, 73 Neb. L. Rev. 187 (1994).




n2  See 1996 Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act (FAIR Act), Pub. L.
No. 104-127, 1996 U.S.C.C.A.N. (110 Stat.) 888, 1197. For additional summaries
of these changes in the law, see Wayne Watkinson & John Sheeley, The Federal
Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996, 13 Agric. L. Update 4 (1996);
Randi Ilyse Roth & Lynn A. Hayes, The Government Changes the Rules Mid-Game: An
Explanation of the Credit Provisions of the FAIR Act, 11 Farmers' L. Action Rpt.
pts. I & II (1996).




n3  See 1996 FAIR Act, Pub. L. No. 104-127, 648(b), 1996 U.S.C.C.A.N. (110
Stat.) 888, 1104 (to be codified at 7 U.S.C.  2008h). The Secretary of
Agriculture has agreed to seek a congressional change to this limitation.
Statement of Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman on the Introduction of the
Agricultural Credit Restoration Act, USDA News Release No. 0124.98, Mar. 19,
1998 (visited Apr. 28, 1998) <http:www.usda.gov/news/releases/1998/03/0124>.




n4  The borrower may not have received a write-off or write-down authorized by 7
U.S.C.A.  2001(M)(1) (West Supp. 1998); compromise, adjustment, reduction or
charge off authorized by 7 U.S.C.A.  1981(b)(4) (West Supp. 1998); loss payment
authorized by 7 U.S.C.A.  2005 (West Supp. 1998); or bankruptcy authorized by
1996 FAIR Act, Pub. L. No. 104-127, 648(b), 1996 U.S.C.C.A.N. (110 Stat.) 888,
1104. For USDA'S interpretation of these restrictions, see Implementation of
Direct and Guaranteed Loan Making Provisions of the 1996 FAIR Act, 62 Fed. Reg.
9351, 9358 (1997) (to be codified at 7 C.F.R.  1980.175(b)).




n5  See 1996 FAIR Act, Pub. L. No. 104-127, 648(b), 1996 U.S.C.C.A.N. (110
Stat.) 888, 1104 (to be codified at 7 U.S.C.  2008h); Implementation of Direct
and Guaranteed Loan Making Provisions of the 1996 FAIR Act, 62 Fed. Reg. 9351,
9358 (1997) (to be codified at 7 C.F.R.  1980.175(b)); Implementation of the
Direct and Guaranteed Loan Making Provisions of the Federal Agricultural
Improvement Act of 1996: Correction, 62 Fed. Reg. 28,618, 28,619 (1997) (to be
codified at 7 C.F.R.  1980.175(b)).




n6  See Implementation of the Direct and Guaranteed Loan Making Provisions of
the Federal Agricultural Improvement Act of 1996: Correction, 62 Fed. Reg.
28,618, 28,619 (1997) (to be codified at 7 C.F.R.  1980.175(b)).




n7  See id.




n8  See Implementation of Direct and Guaranteed Loan Making Provisions of the
1996 FAIR Act, 62 Fed. Reg. 9351, 9356 (1997) (to be codified at 7 C.F.R.
1945.162(a)).




n9  The regulation containing the delinquency restriction is found in a Federal
Register action that is described by the agency as being taken to "implement
provisions of the Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 . . . .
This action is required by the 1996 Act . . . ." Implementation of Direct and
Guaranteed Loan Making Provisions of the 1996 FAIR Act, 62 Fed. Reg. 9351, 9351
(1997) (Summary).




n10  1996 FAIR Act, Pub. L. No. 104-127, 648, 1996 U.S.C.C.A.N. (110 Stat.) 888,
1104 (to be codified at 7 U.S.C.  2008h).




n11  See 1996 FAIR Act, Pub. L. No. 104-127, 612, 1996 U.S.C.C.A.N. (110 Stat.)
888, 1078 (to be codified at 7 U.S.C.  1942).




n12  See 7 C.F.R.  1945.162(a) (1997). The main text of this subsection
discusses EM eligibility limitations for those who have had FSA debt
forgiveness. The eligibility limitation based on delinquency is added as the
last sentence in this subsection. It seems possible, therefore, that the agency
mistakenly believes that the delinquency restriction on FSA loan eligibility and
the debt forgiveness restriction on FSA loan eligibility apply to the same
potential borrowers. See id.




n13  The FAIR Act does not allow FSA to "make or guarantee a loan under this
title to a borrower who received debt forgiveness on a loan made or guaranteed
under this title." 1996 FAIR Act, Pub. L. No. 104-127, 648(b), 1996 U.S.C.C.A.N.
(110 Stat.) 888, 1104 (to be codified at 7 U.S.C.  2008h(b)). This broader
language-restricting the making or guaranteeing of a loan-does restrict
eligibility for EM loans on the basis of past debt forgiveness. If Congress had
sought to limit EM loan eligibility based on loan delinquency, it would have
used the same language it used when it limited eligibility based on loan
forgiveness.




n14  In their discussion of the restriction of loan making to delinquent
borrowers, the conference managers refer to "farm operating loans to delinquent
borrowers." 142 Cong. Rec. H2716, H2825 (daily ed. Mar. 25, 1996). The managers
follow the distinction found in the Act when they discuss limiting loans to
those who have not had FSA debt forgiveness by the agency. When discussing this
limitation, the managers refer to "generally prohibiting direct and guaranteed
loans to borrowers" whose defaults have resulted in debt forgiveness. Id.




n15  See 31 U.S.C.A.  3720B (West Supp. 1998).




n16  See id.




n17  The Federal Debt Collection Act restrictions found in 31 U.S.C.A.  3720B do
not apply to disaster loans. Omnibus Appropriations Act of Apr. 26, 1996, Pub.
L. No. 104-134, 31001(j)(1), 1996 U.S.C.C.A.N. (110 Stat.) 365 (to be codified
at 31 U.S.C.  3720B). The statute states specifically that "a person may not
obtain any Federal financial assistance in the form of a loan (other than a
disaster loan) . . . if the person has an outstanding debt . . . ." 31 U.S.C.A.
3720B (West Supp. 1998). By statute and regulation, EM loans are solely disaster
loans. The Secretary is only authorized to make EM loans "where the Secretary
finds that the applicants' farming, ranching, or aquaculture operations have
been substantially affected by a natural disaster in the United States or by a
major disaster or emergency designated by the President under the Disaster
Relief and Emergency Assistance Act." 7 U.S.C.  1961(a) (1994). FSA regulations
require that to be eligible for an EM loan the farmer must operate in a disaster
area. 7 C.F.R.  1945.20, 1945.162(e) (1997).




n18  See 31 U.S.C.A.  3720B (West Supp. 1998).




n19  Id.




n20  See 1996 FAIR Act, Pub. L. No. 104-127, 648(b), 1996 U.S.C.C.A.N. (110
Stat.) 888, 1104 (to be codified at 7 U.S.C.  2008h) (stating that the USDA may
not "provide to a borrower debt forgiveness on a direct loan made under this
title if the borrower has received debt forgiveness on another direct loan made
under this title"). Guaranteed loan debt forgiveness does not, however, trigger
these restrictions. As a result, if the borrower gets debt forgiveness on a
guaranteed loan, it still should be possible to get debt forgiveness on a direct
loan in the future. Further, if a farmer receives guaranteed loan debt
forgiveness, he or she still should be eligible to receive debt forgiveness on a
guaranteed loan in the future.




n21  See 1996 FAIR Act, Pub. L. No. 104-127, 638, 1996 U.S.C.C.A.N. (110 Stat.)
888, 1093 (to be codified at 7 U.S.C.  1985).




n22  See 7 U.S.C.  1985(e)(1)(A)(i) (1994) (repealed and replaced by 1996 FAIR
Act, Pub. L. No. 104-127, 38, 1996 U.S.C.C.A.N. (110 Stat.) 888, 1094 (to be
codified at 7 U.S.C.  1985(c)).




n23  See 1996 FAIR Act, Pub. L. No. 104-127, 645, 1996 U.S.C.C.A.N. (110 Stat.)
888, 1103 (to be codified at 7 U.S.C.  204).




n24  See 1996 FAIR Act, Pub. L. No. 104-127, 645(6), 1996 U.S.C.C.A.N. (110
Stat.) 888, 1103.




n25  See 1996 FAIR Act, Pub. L. No. 104-127, 645(1), 1996 U.S.C.C.A.N. (110
Stat.) 888, 1103.




n26  See 1996 FAIR Act, Pub. L. No. 104-127, 601, 1996 U.S.C.C.A.N. (110 Stat.)
888, 1084.




n27  See 1996 FAIR Act, Pub. L. No. 104-127, 602, 1996 U.S.C.C.A.N. (110 Stat.)
888, 1085.




n28  See 1996 FAIR Act, Pub. L. No. 104-127, 638, 1996 U.S.C.C.A.N. (110 Stat.)
888, 1093.




n29  See id.




n30  See 1996 FAIR Act, Pub. L. No. 104-127, 638, 1996 U.S.C.C.A.N. (110 Stat.)
888, 1094.




n31  See 1996 FAIR Act, Pub. L. No. 104-127, 638, 1996 U.S.C.C.A.N. (110 Stat.)
888, 1096.




n32  See Farmer Program Account Servicing Policies, 61 Fed. Reg. 35,929 (1996)
(to be codified at 7 C.F.R.  1951.906).




n33  See 1996 FAIR Act, Pub. L. No. 104-127, 614, 1996 U.S.C.C.A.N. (110 Stat.)
888, 1089 (to be codified at 7 U.S.C.  1946).




n34  See 1996 FAIR Act, Pub. L. No. 104-127, 604, 1996 U.S.C.C.A.N. (110 Stat.)
888, 1086 (to be codified at 7 U.S.C.  1927).




n35  See 1996 FAIR Act, Pub. L. No. 104-127, 612, 1996 U.S.C.C.A.N. (110 Stat.)
888, 1088 (to be codified at 7 U.S.C.  1942).




n36  See 1996 FAIR Act, Pub. L. No. 104-127, 612(a), 1996 U.S.C.C.A.N. (110
Stat.) 888, 1088 (to be codified at 7 U.S.C.  1942).




n37  See 1996 FAIR Act, Pub. L. No. 104-127, 193(a)(2), 1996 U.S.C.C.A.N. (110
Stat.) 888, 943 (to be codified at 7 U.S.C.  1508(b)(7)) (Notice FC-39, FSA-570,
Waiver of Eligibility for Emergency Assistance, Exhibit 1); 7 C.F.R.  400.657
(1997).




n38  1996 FAIR Act, Pub. L. No. 104-127, 193(a)(2), 1996 U.S.C.C.A.N. (110
Stat.) 888, 943 (to be codified at 7 U.S.C.  1508(b)(7)) (Notice FC-39, FSA-570,
Waiver of Eligibility for Emergency Assistance, Exhibit 1); see 7 C.F.R.
400.657 (1997).




n39  1996 FAIR Act, Pub. L. No. 104-127, 193, 1996 U.S.C.C.A.N. (110 Stat.) 888,
943 (to be codified at 7 U.S.C.  1508(b)(7)).




n40  See 7 U.S.C.  1508(b)(7)(B) (1994). The regulations provide a narrow
exception to the definition of economic significance that should only apply to
very small operations. If the total expected liability under the insurance
policy is equal to or less than the administrative fee required to sign up for
insurance, the crop is not considered to be of economic significance. For 1997
and later crop years, see 7 C.F.R.  400.651 (1997) (defining "crop of economic
significance"), and for 1995 and 1996 crop years, see 7 C.F.R.  400.651(f)
(1996).




n41  See 7 C.F.R.  400.652(c)-(d) (1997).




n42  See 1996 FAIR Act, Pub. L. No. 104-127, 193(a)(2), 1996 U.S.C.C.A.N. (110
Stat.) 888, 944 (to be codified at 7 U.S.C.  1508(b)(7)).




n43  See id.




n44  See 1996 FAIR Act, Pub. L. No. 104-127, 193(a)(2)(A), 1996 U.S.C.C.A.N.
(110 Stat.) 888, 944 (to be codified at 7 U.S.C.  1508(b)(7)).




n45  See 1996 FAIR Act, Pub. L. No. 104-127, 193(a)(2)(A), 1996 U.S.C.C.A.N.
(110 Stat.) 888, 944 (to be codified at 7 U.S.C.  1508(b)(7)) (Notice FC-39,
FSA-570, Notice from USDA Farm Service Agency, Waiver of Eligibility for
Emergency Assistance, Exhibit 1).




n46  See 7 U.S.C.  1508(b)(5)(C) (1994); 7 C.F.R.  400.656(a) (1997) (continuing
provisions for 1997 and later crop years); 7 C.F.R.  400.651 (1997) (defining
"limited resource farmer" for 1997 and later crop years).




n47  See Handling Payments from the Farm Service Agency (FSA) to Delinquent FSA
Farm Loan Program Borrowers, 62 Fed. Reg. 41,794 (1997).




n48  See id.




n49  See id.




n50  See 31 U.S.C.A.  3716(e)(2) (West Supp. 1998).




n51  See 7 U.S.C.  1981(d) (1994).




n52  See id.  1981(e).




n53  See Handling Payments from the Farm Service Agency (FSA) to Delinquent FSA
Farm Loan Program Borrowers, 62 Fed. Reg. 41,974, 41,797 (1997).




n54  See 7 U.S.C.  1985(f)(2) (1994).




n55  See 31 U.S.C.A.  3716(c)(1)(A) (West Supp. 1998).




n56  31 U.S.C.A.  3716(c)(3)(B) (West Supp. 1998).




n57  16 U.S.C.A.  2201 (West Supp. 1998).




n58  7 C.F.R.  701.46 (1997).




n59  H.R. Rep. No. 104-462, pt. 1 (1996), reprinted in 1996 U.S.C.C.A.N. 611.




n60  Id.




n61  See 16 U.S.C.A.  2201-2202 (West Supp. 1998). ECP can be used in two ways.
First, it can be used to restore farmlands damaged by wind and water erosion,
floods, hurricanes, or other natural disasters. See 16 U.S.C.A.  2201 (West
Supp. 1998). Second, ECP can be used to provide water conservation and water
enhancement measures during periods of severe drought. See 16 U.S.C.A.  2202
(West Supp. 1998).




n62  See 7 C.F.R.  701.47(a) (1997).




n63  See 7 C.F.R.  701.46 (1997).




n64  H.R. Rep. No. 104-462, pt. 1, at 50 (1996), reprinted in 1996 U.S.C.C.A.N.
611, 623.




n65  H.R. Rep. No. 104-462, pt. 1, at 44 (1996), reprinted in 1996 U.S.C.C.A.N.
611, 616.




n66  7 U.S.C.  2266(a) (1994).




n67  7 U.S.C.  1921 (1994); see 7 U.S.C.  2001(a)(1) (1994).




n68  See 7 C.F.R.  1980.124, 1980.125 (1997); 7 C.F.R. pt. 1980, subpt. B, exh.
D. (1997). For more information on these options and other related issues see
Farmers' Legal Action Group, Inc., Farmers' Guide to Guaranteed Loan Servicing
(forthcoming 1998).




n69  See 7 C.F.R.  1951.909 (1997); 7 C.F.R. pt. 1951, subpt. S, exh. A (1997).




n70  See id.




n71  See id.




n72  See id.




n73  See id.




n74  See 7 C.F.R. pt. 1980, subpt. A, app. B (1997). The Lender's Agreement also
incorporates the Loan Note Guarantee. See id.




n75  See 7 C.F.R. pt. 1980, subpt. A, app. A (1997).




n76  See 7 C.F.R. pt. 1980, subpt. A, app. D (1997).




n77  See 7 C.F.R. pt. 1980, subpt. A, app. B, XVIII (1997).




n78  See id.




n79  See 7 C.F.R. pt. 1980, subpt. A, app. E (1997).




n80  See 7 C.F.R. pt. 1980, subpt. A, app. E, I, & D (1997).




n81  See id.




n82  See 7 C.F.R. pt. 1980.11 (1997).




n83  Id.




n84  See id.




n85  See id.




n86  See id.




n87  See id.




n88  See id.




n89  See id.




n90  See id.




n91  See id.




n92  See id.




n93  See id.




n94  See Parker v. USDA, 879 F.2d 1362 (6th Cir. 1989).




n95  See id. at 1366.




n96  See id.




n97  See id.




n98  See id.




n99  See Schuerman v. United States, 30 Fed. Cl. 420 (1994).




n100  See id. at 426.




n101  See id.




n102  See id.




n103  See id. at 423.




n104  See id. at 433. Several other courts endorse the Schuerman approach to
third party beneficiary status for government contracts not designed to render a
service to the public. See Montana v. United States, 124 F.3d 1269, 1273-74
(Fed. Cir. 1997); Maniere v. United States, 31 Fed. Cl. 410, 416- 19 (1994);
Nat'l Sur. Corp. v. United States, 31 Fed. Cl. 565, 575-76 (1994). But see
Baudier Marine Elecs., Sales & Serv., Inc. v. United States, 6 Cl. Ct. 246, 249
(1984).




n105  See 7 U.S.C.  6991-7002 (1994).




n106  7 C.F.R.  11.1 (1997). The federal statute is also quite broad in its
definition. See 7 U.S.C.  6991(1) (1994).




n107  See 7 U.S.C.  6991(1) (1994).




n108  See id.  6991(9).




n109  See National Appeals Division Rules of Procedure, 60 Fed. Reg. 27,044
(1995) (to be codified at 7 C.F.R. pt. 11) (proposed May 22, 1995).




n110  7 C.F.R.  11.1 (1997).




n111  Id. The prefatory remarks explain this decision by saying that since "any
decision to deny a guaranteed loan would affect both the applicant/borrower and
the lender USDA agrees that both parties must appeal any such adverse decision
and the rule has been revised to reflect this requirement." National Appeals
Division Rules of Procedure, 60 Fed. Reg. 67,298-67,301 (1995).




n112  See id.




n113  See 7 C.F.R.  1951.952 (1997); Farmers' Legal Action Group, Inc., Farmers'
Guide to Disaster Assistance (2d ed. 1997).




n114  See 7 C.F.R.  1951.953(b) (1997).




n115  See id.  1951.952.




n116  See id.  1951.954(a)(7).




n117  See id.  1951.954(b)(2).




n118  See id.




n119  See id.  1951.954(b)(5).




n120  See id.




n121  See id.  1951.954(b)(3).




n122  See id.  1951.954(a)-(b).




n123  See id.  1951.953(b).




n124  See id.  1951.952.




n125  See id.  1951.954(b)(2).




n126  See id.  1951.954(b)(4).




n127  See id.  1951.954(b)(2).




n128  See id.




n129  See id.; 7 C.F.R.  1951, subpt. S (1997) (describing relevant FSA
restructuring regulations).




n130  See 7 C.F.R.  1951.954(b)(2).




n131  See id.  1951.954(b)(5).




n132  See id.




n133  See id. 7 C.F.R.  1951.952; subpt. S (1997) (describing regulations
controlling FSA loan servicing).




n134  See id. 7 C.F.R.  1951.957(a)(2).




n135  See id.




n136  See id.




n137  See id.




n138  See Mary Beausoleil, U.S. Farm Agency Acknowledges Bias: Black Groups
Plans Protest in Washington, Richmond Times, Nov. 30, 1996, at A1 (quoting Farm
Service Agency Administrator Grant Buntrock).




N139  See generally United States Comm'n on Civil Rights, Equal Opportunity in
Farm Programs (1965) (discussing racial discrimination in USDA farm credit
programs); United States Comm'n on Civil Rights, The Decline of Black Farming in
America 14 (1982) (discussing the decline of black-operated farms and how racial
discrimination has been a contributing factor).




n140  United States Comm'n on Civil Rights, The Decline of Black Farming in
America 151 (1982).




n141  Decline of Minority Farming in the United States, Hearing Before the
Subcomm. on Gov't Info., Justice, & Agric. of the Comm. on Gov't Operations,
101st Cong. 252 (1990).




n142  During USDA Civil Rights Action Team sponsored listening sessions
"hundreds of minority farmers voiced concerns, as they have for decades, that
they are still being denied equal access to the USDA's programs." Civil Rights
Action Team, USDA, Civil Rights at the U.S. Dep't of Agric. 6 (1997).




n143  For a summary of current civil rights problems at USDA, see Civil Rights
Action Team, USDA, Civil Rights at the U.S. Dep't of Agric. (1997).




n144  See Equal Credit Opportunity Act of 1974, Pub. L. No. 93-495, tit. V, 88
Stat. 1521 (codified at 15 U.S.C.  1691(a)-(f)). For basic information on the
ECOA, see Equal Credit Opportunity (Regulation B), 12 C.F.R. pt. 202 (1997);
Policy Statement on Discrimination in Lending, 59 Fed. Reg. 18,266 (1994);
Letter from Deval L. Patrick, Assistant Attorney General, to Joe Belew,
Consumers Bankers Ass'n et al., Dep't of Justice Interpretation of Interagency
Statement on Discrimination in Lending (Feb. 21, 1995) in Rita Gordon Pereria,
National Consumer Law Ctr., Credit Discrimination 176-80 (1997 Cumulative
Supp.); Jonathan Sheldon, National Consumer Law Ctr., Credit Discrimination
(1993); Thomas P. Vartanian et al., Fair Lending Guide (1997); Ralph C. Clontz,
Jr., Equal Credit Opportunity Manual (4th ed. 1988); Ralph C. Clontz, Jr., Equal
Credit Opportunity Manual (Cumulative Supp. No. 1 1994).




n145  Equal Credit Opportunity Act of 1974, Pub. L. No. 93-495, tit. V, 701, 88
Stat. 1521 (codified at 15 U.S.C.  1691(a)).




n146  See id.




n147  12 C.F.R.  202.2(n) (1997).




n148  See Evidence of Disparate Treatment, 59 Fed. Reg. 18,268, 18,268 (1994).




n149  See Policy Statement on Discrimination in Lending, 59 Fed. Reg. 18,267,
18,268 (1994).




n150  Id.




n151  See id.




n152  Id.; see Moore v. USDA, 55 F.3d 991, 995 (5th Cir. 1995) (citing Title VII
cases); TransWorld Airlines, Inc. v. Valentec Kisco, Inc., 964 F.2d 723, 728
(8th Cir. 1992).




n153  See McDonnell Douglas Corp. v. Green, 411 U.S. 792, 802 (1973). The
plaintiff must "present facts from which one can infer that the actions taken by
the defendants, if unexplained more likely than not were the result of unlawful
discrimination." Gross v. United States Small Business Admin., 669 F. Supp. 50,
53 (N.D.N.Y. 1987); Thomas P. Vartanian et al., Fair Lending Guide 6-22 (1997);
Texas Dep't of Community Affairs v. Burdine, 450 U.S. 248, 252-53 (1981) (sex
discrimination). In Furnco Construction Corp. v. Waters, the United States
Supreme Court elaborated on the disparate treatment inquiry: A prima facie case
. . . raises an inference of discrimination only because we presume these acts,
if otherwise unexplained are more likely than not based on the consideration of
impermissible factors. . . . And we are willing to presume this largely because
we know from our experience that more often than not people do not act in a
totally arbitrary manner, without any underlying reasons, especially in a
business setting. Thus, when all legitimate reasons for rejecting an applicant
have been eliminated as possible reasons for the employer's actions, it is more
likely than not the employer, who we generally assume acts only with some
reason, based his decision on an impermissible consideration such as race.
Furnco Constr. Co. v. Waters, 438 U.S. 567,577 (1978). The prima facie burden
generally is summarized as having four steps. To meet the burden of presenting a
prima facie case involving disparate treatment in credit the plaintiff must
prove the following: (a) the plaintiff is a member of a protected class; (b) the
plaintiff applied for and was qualified for credit; (c) despite the plaintiff's
qualifications, the application for credit was denied; and (d) applicants who do
not belong to the protected class were given credit or were treated more
favorably than the plaintiff in the application process. See Thomas P. Vartanian
et al., Fair Lending Guide 6-7 (1997) (citing Gross v. United States Small
Business Admin., 669 F. Supp. 50, 53 (N.D.N.Y. 1987)). This method is taken
directly from McDonnell Douglas Corp. v. Green, 411 U.S. 792 (1973). Notably
missing in the four-step presentation of a prima facie case is any requirement
of direct proof of the intent to discriminate. Still, the most common view is
that a disparate treatment analysis requires a showing that the creditor
intentionally discriminated. See Thomas P. Vartanian et al., Fair Lending Guide
6-8 (1997). Technically, disparate treatment probably should be seen as
occurring when similarly-situated applicants are treated differently and a
prohibited basis is a factor motivating the different treatment. If this view of
the proof required is met, disparate treatment does not exist unless a creditor
has decided to treat similarly-situated applicants differently and a prohibited
basis can be shown to be a factor in the decision. See Thomas P. Vartanian et
al., Fair Lending Guide 6-8 (1997). The requirement of proof of intent is not as
onerous on the plaintiff as it may seem. The central point of a disparate
treatment analysis is that the fact finder can infer discrimination and the
intention to discriminate from the way applicants are treated. As the Policy
Statement observes, there is no requirement to make a "showing that the
treatment was motivated by prejudice or conscious intention to discriminate
against a person beyond the difference in treatment itself." Policy Statement on
Discrimination in Lending, 59 Fed. Reg. 18,266, 18,268. According to this view,
disparate treatment is intentional discrimination because no credible,
nondiscriminatory reason explains the difference in treatment on a prohibited
basis. The Federal Reserve Board's Regulation B-which has the force of
law-arguably takes a view more favorable to the plaintiff regarding proof of
intentional discrimination. It holds that "[d]isparate treatment on prohibited
basis is illegal whether or not it results from a conscious intent to
discriminate." Official Staff Interpretations, 12 C.F.R. pt. 202, Supp. I, 202.4
(1997). If the means of showing intent to discriminate is properly understood
there may be little practical difference between the Regulation B view and the
more restrictive view, particularly if this portion of Regulation B is taken
only to affect "conscious" efforts to discriminate. See Mercado-Garcia v. Ponce
Fed. Bank, 779 F. Supp. 620 (D.P.R. 1991); Moore v. USDA, 993 F.2d 1222 (5th
Cir. 1993); Miller v. American Express Co., 688 F.2d 1235, 1239 (9th Cir. 1982);
Williams v. First Fed. Sav. & Loan Ass'n, 554 F. Supp. 447 (N.D.N.Y. 1981),
aff'd, 697 F.2d 302 (2d Cir. 1982); Gross v. United States Small Bus. Admin.,
669 F. Supp. 50, 53 (N.D.N.Y. 1987); Policy Statement on Discrimination in
Lending, 59 Fed. Reg. at 18,268; Official Staff Interpretations, 12 C.F.R. pt.
202, Supp. I, 202.4 (1997).




n154  See McDonnell Douglas Corp. v. Green, 411 U.S. 792, 802 (1973). The
defendant must articulate a "legitimate, nondiscriminatory reason" for its
actions. See id. (referring to employment discrimination); St. Mary's Honor Ctr.
v. Hicks, 509 U.S. 502 (1993); Texas Dep't of Community Affairs v. Burdine, 450
U.S. 248, 252-53 (1981); Furnco Constr. Corp. v. Waters, 438 U.S. 567, 578
(1978). Examples of ECOA cases using the approach include Gross v. United States
Small Bus. Admin., 669 F. Supp. 50, 53 (N.D.N.Y. 1987); Williams v. First Fed.
Sav. & Loan Ass'n, 554 F. Supp. 447, 449 (N.D.N.Y. 1981), aff'd, 697 F.2d 302
(2d Cir. 1982) (stating that in an ECOA case if the prima facie burden had been
met, burden would have shifted); Thomas P. Vartanian et al., Fair Lending Guide
6-22 to 6-23 (1997). If this burden is met the presumption raised by the
plaintiff's prima facie case essentially disappears, and the plaintiff is left
with the ultimate burden of proving that the defendant intentionally
discriminated. See St. Mary's Honor Ctr., 509 U.S. at 507 (referring to
employment discrimination); Moham v. Steego Corp., 3 F.3d 873, 875 (5th Cir.
1993) (referring to employment discrimination). Typically the creditor argues
that its actions were undertaken for business reasons and were not the result of
unlawful discrimination. See Thomas P. Vartanian et al., Fair Lending Guide 6-22
(1997). The creditor has the burden of proving that the practices which create
the disparate impact or the policy of disparate treatment have a manifest
relationship to the creditworthiness of the applicant. The Policy Statement
explains the process of rebutting the prima facie disparate treatment case from
the perspective of federal agencies investigating lending discrimination: "If a
lender has apparently treated similar applicants differently on the basis of a
prohibited factor, it must provide an explanation for the difference in
treatment. If the lender is unable to provide a credible and legitimate
nondiscriminatory explanation, the agency may infer that the lender
discriminated." Policy Statement on Discrimination in Lending, 59 Fed. Reg.
18,269, 18,269 (1994).




n155  See McDonnell Douglas Corp., 411 U.S. at 804; Texas Dep't of Community
Affairs, 450 U.S. at 252-53; Mercado- Garcia v. Ponce Fed. Bank, 779 F. Supp.
620, 628 (D.P.R. 1991); Official Staff Interpretations, 12 C.F.R. pt. 202, Supp.
I, 202.4 (1997); Policy Statement on Discrimination in Lending, 59 Fed. Reg.
18,269, 18,269 (1994). For examples of burden shifting analysis in disparate
treatment cases, see Mercado-Garcia v. Ponce Fed. Bank, 979 F.2d 890 (1st Cir.
1992); Sayers v. General Motors Acceptance Corp., 522 F. Supp. 835, 839-40 (W.D.
Mo. 1981); Gross v. United States Small Bus. Admin., 669 F. Supp. 50, 53
(N.D.N.Y. 1987); Moore v. USDA, 55 F.3d 991, 995 (5th Cir. 1995); and In re
DiPietro, 135 B.R. 773, 776-77 (Bankr. E.D. Pa. 1992).




n156  See Price Waterhouse v. Hopkins, 490 U.S. 228, 271-72 (1989).




n157  See id. at 271.




n158  See McDonnell Douglas Corp., 411 U.S. at 802.




n159  Gross, 669 F. Supp. at 53.




n160  See McDonnell Douglas Corp., 411 U.S. at 802; Texas Dep't of Community
Affairs, 450 U.S. at 252.




n161  See McDonnell Douglas Corp., 411 U.S. at 802.




n162  Id. at 802.




n163  See id. at 802-03.




n164  See A.B. & S. Auto Source, Inc. v. South Shore Bank, 962 F. Supp. 1056,
1060 (N.D. Ill. 1997).




n165  See International Bhd. of Teamsters v. United States., 431 U.S. 324, 335
(1977); Gross v. United States Small Bus. Admin., 669 F. Supp. 50, 53 (N.D.N.Y.
1987); Thomas P. Vartanian et al., Fair Lending Guide 6-22 (1997); Texas Dep't
of Community Affairs, 450 U.S. at 252-53.




n166  See Connecticut v. Teal, 457 U.S. 440, 446 (1982); Policy Statement on
Discrimination in Lending, 59 Fed. Reg. 18,269, 18,269 (1994); Official Staff
Interpretations, 12 C.F.R. pt. 202, Supp. I, 202.6(a) (1997). A disparate impact
analysis focuses on the effect of a creditor's "policy or practice." One way of
establishing a disparate impact is by statistical comparison. Policy Statement
on Discrimination in Lending, 59 Fed. Reg. 18,269, 18,269 (1994). Statistical
proof alone can make out a prima facie case of disparate impact. See Jonathan
Sheldon, National Consumer Law Ctr., Credit Discrimination 155 (1993); Policy
Statement on Discrimination in Lending, 59 Fed. Reg. 18,269, 18,269 (1994). In
fact, statistical comparisons of the representation of the protected class in
the applicant pool with representation in the group actually accepted from the
pool are the conventional method for a disparate treatment analysis. If the
statistical disparity is significant, the plaintiff is generally deemed to have
established a prima facie case of discrimination. See Thomas P. Vartanian et
al., Fair Lending Guide 6-16 (1997). Some care must be taken in determining
exactly how statistical comparisons are used. Courts are unlikely to find
persuasive statistics that merely show the percentage of a protected class that
is turned down for a loan is higher than that of the general population.
Instead, the courts will look at the percentage of qualified members of a
protected class that were denied a loan. See Jonathan Sheldon, National Consumer
Law Ctr., Credit Discrimination 155 (1993 & 1995 Supp.); see also Albermarle
Paper Co. v. Moody, 422 U.S. 405 (1973) (discussing employment discrimination
with analogous facts). Although disparate impact arguments are often disparate
impact claims on behalf of a group, they also may be individual plaintiffs. See
Sayers v. General Motors Acceptance Corp., 522 F. Supp. 835, 839 (W.D. Mo.
1981).




n167  See Watson v. Fort Worth Bank & Trust, 487 U.S. 977, 980 (1988). There is
some dispute regarding the exact nature of the business justification that will
be allowed under a disparate impact analysis. According to the Policy Statement,
the second step usually involves the justification of a business necessity. See
Policy Statement on Discrimination in Lending, 59 Fed. Reg 18,269 (1994). When
the Department of Justice uses a disparate impact analysis, it also looks to see
whether there is a "business necessity for the apparently neutral standard or
practice." Rita Gordon Pereira, Credit Discrimination, 177 (1997 Cumulative
Supp.). Regulation B does not explain with any precision what the lender must
show in this regard. The Official Staff Commentary endorses a "legitimate
business need" standard. The Commentary also implies that the business necessity
defense may be required. See 12 C.F.R.  202.6(a) (1997).




n168  See Watson, 487 U.S. at 980.




n169  See id.; Johnathan Sheldon, National Consumer Law Ctr., Credit
Discrimination 157 (1993 & 1995 Supp.); 12 C.F.R.  202.6(a) (1997); Policy
Statement on Discrimination in Lending, 59 Fed. Reg. 18,269 (1994). According to
the Regulation B Official Staff Commentary, the creditor practice in question
must meet a legitimate business need that "cannot reasonably be achieved as well
by means that are less disparate in their impact." 12 C.F.R.  202.6(a) (1997).




n170  See Watson, 487 U.S. at 980; Sayers v. General Motors Acceptance Corp.,
522 F. Supp. 835, 835 (W.D. Mo. 1981); Green v. Rancho Santa Margarita Mortgage,
33 Cal. Rptr. 2d 706 (Ct. App. 1994); William R. Naeher, Recent Developments
under the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Prob. & Prop. Jan.-Feb. 1996, at 44.
Congress has rejected efforts to change this standard. See Thomas P. Vartanian
et al., Disparate Impact Discrimination: Fair Lending at a Crossroads, Consumer
Fin. L.Q. Rep. 76, 78 (1995). The statute itself is conspicuous in not requiring
a showing of intent, and Congress seems to have intended that a disparate impact
claim could be proved without a showing of intent. In addition, according to the
Policy Statement: "[E]vidence of discriminatory intent is not necessary to
establish that a policy or practice adopted or implemented by a lender that has
a disparate impact is in violation of the . . . ECOA." Policy Statement on
Discrimination in Lending, 59 Fed. Reg. at 18,269. The Federal Reserve Board's
Official Staff Commentary on Regulation B expressly states that it is not
necessary for a plaintiff to show that a defendant has acted with intent to
discriminate to prevail on a disparate impact claim; a facially neutral practice
may violate the ECOA and Regulation B "even though the creditor has no intent to
discriminate." 12 C.F.R.  202.6(a) (1997).




n171  See Gross v. United States Small Bus. Admin., 669 F. Supp. 50, 52
(N.D.N.Y. 1987); 15 U.S.C.  1691a(e)-(f) (1994).




n172  See Moore v. USDA, 55 F.3d 991, 992 (5th Cir. 1995).




n173  See id. at 995.




n174  15 U.S.C.  1691e(a) (1994).




n175  See 15 U.S.C.  1691e(b) (1994).




n176  See id.




n177  See Lane v. USDA, 120 F.3d 106, 108 (8th Cir. 1997); Karen R. Krub,
Attorneys' Fees in NAD Hearings, 15 Agric. L. Update 1 (Nov. 1997) (summarizing
this case).




n178  See Lane, 120 F.3d at 110.




n179  See 5 U.S.C.  504(a)(1) (1994).




n180  See id.  554(a).




n181  See Lane, 120 F.3d at 108.




n182  See id.




n183  See id.




n184  See id.




n185  See id.




n186  See, e.g., Patricia Klintberg, Farmers' Court: In Disputes with USDA,
Farmers are Guilty Until Proven Innocent, Farm J., July-Aug. 1997 (discussing
the infrequency of NAD appeal decisions in favor of farmers).




n187  See 7 U.S.C.  2001(e)(1)-(5) (1994).




n188  See 7 C.F.R.  1980.125(c) (1997); 7 C.F.R. pt. 1980, subpt. B, Exhibit F
(1997) (discussing current examples of regulations and an example of the
agreement).




n189  See 7 C.F.R.  1980.125(c)(2) (1997).




n190  See id.  1980.125(c)(3).




n191  See id.




n192  See id.




n193  See id.  1980.125(c)(1).




n194  See id.




n195  See id.  1980.125(c)(5).




n196  See id.  1980.125(c)(2).




n197  See id.




n198  See id.




n199  See 7 U.S.C.  1983(a)(1) (1994).




n200  See DeJournett v. Block, 799 F.2d 430, 431 (8th Cir. 1986).




n201  See id. at 432.




n202  See Bivens v. Six Unknown Named Agents, 403 U.S. 388, 396 (1971); Ashbrook
v. Block, 917 F.2d 918, 924 (6th Cir. 1989); McBrice v. Taylor, 924 F.2d 386,
390 (1st Cir. 1991); Arcoren v. Peters, 829 F.2d 671, 676 (8th Cir. 1987).




n203  Federal Tort Claims Act, 28 U.S.C.  2674 (1994).




n204  See Nichols v. Block, 656 F. Supp. 1436, 1444-46; Love v. United States,
60 F.3d 642, 644 (9th Cir. 1995).




n205  See Nichols, 656 F. Supp. at 1444-46; Love, 60 F.3d at 644.




n206  Fano v. O'Neill, 806 F.2d 1262, 1265 (5th Cir. 1987).




n207  See, e.g., Federal Land Bank v. Overboe, 404 N.W.2d 445, 448-49 (N.D.
1987); Federal Land Bank v. Bosch, 432 N.W.2d 855, 858-59 (N.D. 1988).


                             183 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                               MABSCO Capital Inc

                                  28972 R Ave
                                Adel,  IA 50003
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (888) 417-8146
FAX: (515) 993-3238
URL: www.mabsco.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   MABSCO was founded in 1982 as an agricultural credit corporation to provide
specialized financial services for banks. MABSCO later became affiliated with 12
state bankers associations then was acquired by Mutual of New York. MABSCO was
concentrated on portfolio management services for Farm Services Agency loan
portfolios when Dave Mulcahy purchased MABSCO in November 1993. At that time,
MABSCO expanded its services to include venture capital portfolio management
services and private placement investment advisory services.  For more than 25
years, MABSCO's primary function has been that of Servicing Agent of Farm
Service Agency (FSA) and United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Government Guaranteed Loans for more than thirty financial institutions and
corporate trusts. MABSCO also has over twenty-five years of experience in
government guaranteed loan sourcing, data collection, settlement, and customized
reporting for our customers and more than 175 originating financial
institutions, located in over forty states. Having serviced over 1,500
government guaranteed loans, with volume totaling over $300 million, MABSCO is
familiar with the specialized functions that our customers want and need and has
consistently demonstrated the ability to deliver optimum results.  MABSCO has
been an industry leader in the sourcing, servicing, and reporting of FSA and
USDA Government Guaranteed loans, as well as state government guaranteed loans.
In addition, MABSCO has worked with origina

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             184 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           December 4, 1993 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

FARM CREDIT WINS ACCREDITATION

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 15B

LENGTH: 102 words

DATELINE: LAKE WORTH


Farm Credit of South Florida has received certified lender status from the
Farmers Home Administration - a move that allows it to use streamlined
processing procedures for FmHA guaranteed loans.

The government agency only approves lenders meeting stringent financial strength
qualifications for its certified lender program, which covers guaranteed
operating loans and lines of credit to farmers.

Farm Credit of South Florida is part of the Farm Credit System and is a locally
owned and controlled financial cooperative serving Indian River, St. Lucie,
Martin, Okeechobee, Palm Beach, Broward, Dade and Monroe counties.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  BUSINESS IN BRIEF

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 1993 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             185 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 24, 2017 Friday

Washington: ABA Advocates for Changes to 2018 Farm Bill

LENGTH: 279  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: American Bankers Association has issued the following news release:




 At a Senate Agriculture Committee field hearing in Kansas today, ABA
highlighted the critical role that the nation's banks play providing credit to
farmers and ranchers, and advocated for changes to the upcoming 2018 Farm Bill
that would take into account the rising costs of agriculture.





 Testifying on behalf of the American Bankers Association, Shan Hanes, president
and CEO of First National Bank in Elkhart, Kan., and a member of ABA's
Agricultural and Rural Bankers Committee, urged lawmakers to reform the USDA
Guaranteed Farm Loan Program, calling for an increase to the lending limit cap
on guaranteed ownership and guaranteed operating loans, as well as other reforms
that would help modernize the programs. He also encouraged lawmakers to make
changes to agriculture risk coverage and price loss coverage programs in
response to volatility in commodity prices that farmers have experienced in the
last few years.



 Hanes also raised concerns over the increasing size and complexity of the
taxpayer-backed Farm Credit System, which, if it were a bank, would be the ninth
largest in the U.S. "Congress created the FCS as a public option for farm
finance 100 years ago when farmers were having trouble getting the credit they
needed," Hanes said. "These conditions no longer exist, and yet we continue to
have a government assisted, tax-advantaged farm lender providing credit to
customers who would be able to easily borrow from taxpaying institutions like
mine."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             186 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                             May 16, 2013 Thursday

Why Bankers Should Care About the Farm Bill

BYLINE: Victoria Finkle

SECTION: REGULATION & REFORM; Pg. 1 Vol. 178 No. 76

LENGTH: 1163  words


WASHINGTON - Lawmakers in both chambers are working to pass a major farm bill
that will determine agricultural policy for the next five years and have
significant

implications for rural lenders as well.

Dueling bills are now expected to move to the Senate and House floors soon. The
Senate Agriculture Committee voted in favor of its bill on Tuesday, while its
House counterpart was expected to approve its own measure by late Wednesday.
Both bills are massive and would cost almost $100 billion annually.

Banking industry representatives say the legislation is necessary to help
farmers make long-term business plans, an issue that affects banks that provide
them credit.

If legislation is passed, "banks can extend loans knowing the details of farm
policy, and farming customers can do some long-term planning," said Mark
Scanlan, senior vice president of agriculture and rural policy for the
Independent Community Bankers of America.

Lawmakers had been expected to pass a five-year farm bill last year, but efforts
fell apart after House leaders refused to bring the bill to a floor vote.
Congress temporarily extended many provisions from the 2008 farm bill as part of
a larger fiscal cliff deal, but those will expire soon.

Most analysts think Congress will be able to finalize a bill this year, but
major fights are looming.

One of the biggest to watch will be how Democrats and Republicans resolve
disagreements over cuts to the nation's food stamps program, which serves poor
families. While that debate is less central to the financial services industry,
it could prove one of the biggest hurdles to successful passage of any farm
bill.

"The big fight, the mother of all fights, is going to be on the nutrition
title," said John Blanchfield, senior vice president of agricultural and rural
banking at the American Bankers Association. "That will be the overriding,
heavy-duty dark cloud that has to be resolved."

But there are other key provisions that bankers are watching which could have a
large impact on agricultural lending. Below are the critical measures to watch:

Crop Insurance Expansion

One of the most important provisions in the bill for farmers and bankers alike
remains the federally subsidized crop insurance program. The House and Senate
bills both phase out a $5 billion direct payment system for farmers in lieu of
an expanded insurance program that protects farmers, and by extension their
lenders, from losses in the event of bad weather and other unforeseen
circumstances. The insurance premiums farmers pay are partially subsidized under
the program.

"Banks finance crop input costs" such as fertilizer and seeds "and in many cases
that can be a very big number," said Blanchfield. "Crop insurance ensures the
farmer and the banker that if something happens, the crop is insured and there's
a payment to cover those loses. It's an important part of a farmer's risk
management, and it helps the banker understand what will happen if it doesn't
rain, like last summer."

That makes the provisions for crop insurance "one of the most important elements
of the whole bill" to the farm lobby and community, said analyst Mark McMinimy
of Guggenheim Securities, which could help safeguard against cuts to the program
as the legislative process grinds forward. "That's where they and their
champions will stand and fight the longest and hardest."

Still, the provisions are likely to face some opposition, analysts said. The
Environmental Working Group and others have long been critical of the crop
insurance subsidies, especially this year when other programs like food stamps
are facing very steep reductions.

Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand, D-N.Y., a member of the Senate Agriculture panel,
offered but then withdrew an amendment during the committee's markup on Tuesday
that would have offset the food stamp program cuts with limits on crop insurance
reimbursements. She plans to bring the amendment up again on the floor, a
spokeswoman said.

"There's going to be some uncertainty about [crop insurance], in the sense that
some of this will be challenged on the floor of the House, and maybe in the
Senate as well," McMinimy said. "But ultimately I think the final bill will end
up looking a lot more like what the agriculture committees pass out than some
alternative."

Loan Guarantee Term Limits in Limbo

The Senate farm bill includes a provision to remove term limits on Farm Service
Agency guaranteed operating loans, a move strongly supported by bankers.

The loans, which are made by banks and largely guaranteed by FSA, are designed
to help struggling farmers who can't otherwise obtain a loan. Participants are
not allowed to take out one of these loans more than 15 times over the course of
their career, which some argue could last many decades.

Scanlan notes that 2,200 farmers have so far become ineligible for another loan
after the last waiver on term limits expired several years ago, and predicts
another 1,500 farmers could become ineligible by the end of next year if the
limits are not eliminated.

"Our view is that farmers and local bankers are in the best position to
determine whether a producer should take out a guaranteed loan," he said. "It's
a very efficient program. With less than $20 million, you leverage $1.5 billion
of operating loans. The subsidy is pennies on the dollar."

Still, the House bill does not contain any provision to remove or amend the term
limits, meaning the issue will most likely have to be worked out in conference
if both chambers pass a bill, observers said.

Status Quo for the Farm Credit System

Neither the House nor the Senate bill contains language granting any additional
authority to the Farm Credit System, a government-sponsored enterprise that
competes with banks on rural lending. But banking industry representatives said
they plan to keep a close eye on the bills to ensure no provisions are added as
legislation moves forward.

Blanchfield called the Farm Credit System lenders "fierce competitors" to some
banks, arguing that "they are advantaged in that they have GSE status, which
allows them to borrow more cheaply than banks, and they also pay a marginal
amount of taxes."

The ABA and ICBA wrote a joint letter to lawmakers last week reiterating their
concerns about the Federal Credit System being granted any additional authority.
The GSE has pushed in prior years to expand into new areas, including business
lending.

"The FCS currently has the authority to make loans to farm-related service
businesses that serve farmers and ranchers' on-farm operating needs. We would
oppose, for example, any effort to allow FCS to extend credit not only to
farmers, but also for the credit and related needs of 'businesses they rely on'
or similarly worded amendments," the trade groups' May 8 letter warned.
"Allowing FCS to extend credit to 'businesses' opens up a vast, new and
undefined lending category. Any business only tangentially-related to
agriculture would be eligible for FCS credit with this type of language."

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_AB


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             187 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                             July 21, 2012 Saturday

Letters: More on the 'Demise of Guys'

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 887 words


More on the 'Demise of guys'

Your July 18 article on the "Demise of guys" reports that this generation of
young men who are addicted to video games and video dames are doomed because
their addiction isolates them and rewires their brains. As a result they become
"zombiefied male misfits" and are "certainly not having contact with girls."

What the article didn't say was that their doom was a biological certainty
because that behavior becomes a self-fulfilling action. Specifically, with no
female contact there will be no offspring, thus removing these guys from the
human genome pool. So we must simply be patient and wait for this pathological
problem to go away.

Nick Willis
Carmel Valley

Language can affect your life

There is a phrase that I hear all the time now: "It is what it is." This
infuriates me.

I visualize shrugged shoulders and a giving up of power and responsibility.
Logically, everything is what it is. But I worry that we are beginning to view
life that way rather than speaking up for what is correct and just.

Does language reflect the current attitudes in society or does language
insidiously cause the attitudes that create the reality?

I am most worried about young people adopting this way of thinking and I am most
angry with older adults who seem to be perpetuating it. Please watch your
language and don't adopt this negative way of approaching life.

Robbi Meluso
Carmel

Cal Coastal aids Latino berry growers

We would like to express our agreement with thearticle of July 15 about more
Latino strawberry growers in California. We were disappointed, though, that the
article did not mention the unique financing and lending opportunities that have
been available to small farmers for well over 30 years. Often, this group lacks
access to capital because they don't have sufficient assets to collateralize
loans and, thus, are not "bankable" clients by customary lending standards.

California Coastal Rural Development Corporation (Cal Coastal) has been lending
to Latino farmers and many others for 30 years. As a nonprofit under section 501
(c) (3) of the Internal Revenue Code, we provide financial services, primarily
direct loans and loan guarantees, to farmers and small businesses located in the
counties of Monterey, Santa Cruz, San Benito, San Luis Obispo, Santa Barbara and
Ventura. We were organized in 1982 by the Conferacion Agricola, a coalition of
farmworker cooperatives. The vast majority of our farm loans have been in the
strawberry industry.

All of Cal Coastal's farm lending is under the USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA)
guaranteed loan program. We are the largest provider of FSA guaranteed loans in
the California. We have provided well over $250 million in financing through
more than 700 loans.

Karl P. Zalazowski
Cal Coastal President

Marina must take time finding manager

As a former Marina City Council member, I object to taking short cuts to find a
suitable city manager. This person needs a lot of knowledge of all aspects of
running a city. We certainly don't need one with little working knowledge, since
he or she has many hats to wear. A manager should not be micro-managed by a
mayor or council member. After all, the council structure might change with an
election.

A manager should let the council or commission members come to him/her, with
questions or needs, and not go to the directors or staff, as their time is very
limited. The manager will bring the information to the person with the problem.

We certainly don't need a Johnny Pop Up for such an important job. As far as
this up-coming election, I feel I must support Steve Emerson for mayor, and
Darlena Ridler for council.

Joan Blake
Marina

Write in Ron Paul on ballot

I was very moved byGlen Kardel's letter about the soldier who lost both his arms
and legs in the Afghanistan war. Ron Paul is the only candidate for president
who has pledged not to get involved in any foreign wars that don't directly
concern our national interests, like the situation in Libya. I urge those who
don't want to see any more injured vets come home from another war to write his
name on their ballots in November.

William Graham
Salinas

Don't make sport of animals

In a rodeo, the human is the only animal who has a choice to be in the ring,
risking injury, pain and suffering and with no chance of winning. Please don't
call this "event" a sport.

Alexanne Mills
Carmel

Where has the old GOP gone?

Good old Wayne Farber got me thinking about all the old-fashioned Republicans
whom I have spent the years since Harry Truman's presidency disagreeing with,
sometimes passionately, but seldom did I doubt their integrity.

I don't believe Claire McCaskill or any Democratic legislator is deserting
Obama, but Olympia Snow is, by her own admission, quitting in disgust at the
legislature she has served so honorably. I remember disagreeing with George
Romney but at no time did doubt that he spoke the truth, as he saw it. His son,
sadly, seems incapable of the truth or, at least, of political constancy, making
it hard to credit his honesty.

There is a great difference between an enemy and an opponent. Since the founding
of the republic it has been the balance between liberal and conservative that
has made our democracy the envy of the world.

I, for one, want our good old exasperating but honorable Republican Party back.

Michael Brown
Pacific Grove

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Editorial cartoon
Editorial cartoon

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             188 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                             August 28, 2006 Monday

Farmers Allege Fraud on Guaranteed Loans

BYLINE: Ben Jackson

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 6 Vol. 171 No. 165

LENGTH: 980  words


An Arkansas attorney for immigrant chicken farmers has filed multiple

lawsuits against three southern banks in recent months, and more could be on

the way.

The suits allege that the banks lent more money to the farmers -- members

of the Hmong tribe of southeast Asia -- than they could afford to repay.

According to the suits, the borrowers needed loans to buy poultry farms

and relied on the banks' advice and projections on how much they would earn.

The suits also allege that the banks were not concerned about overlending,

because the loans were backed by a government guarantee that would cover up

to 95% of the principal amount if they went bad.

The six plaintiffs are all represented by the Henry Law Firm in

Fayetteville. Five of the plaintiffs defaulted on their loans and have filed

for protection from creditors under Chapter 12 of the federal Bankruptcy

Code. The sixth plaintiff has not filed for protection.

Mark Henry, a lawyer with the Henry Law Firm, said that his firm has met

with about 60 more families who are struggling to repay their loans, and that

it expects to file more suits against more banks.

"When I signed on to this several months ago, I had no idea the scope of

this problem. It is like a giant cloud. We are getting anticipatory calls

from banks' lawyers we have not even sued yet, asking for a heads up," he

said.

The Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency provides the loan

guarantees. Bob Bonnet, its chief of guaranteed lending, said the agency is

monitoring the situation. It held a meeting last month in Fort Smith to find

out whether more banks were being hit with suits and whether there was a

widespread problem with loans to Hmong farmers.

"I don't want to leave the impression that there is no problem or leave

the impression there is. At this point we haven't found any," Mr. Bonnet

said.

Still, he said bankers at the meeting are worried that farmers' financial

woes are an indication of problems in the poultry sector.

"I would say their concern is that the Hmong are a very large segment of

recent buyers of poultry farms in the last few years. We are in a down cycle,

because of the increase in energy costs and interest rates, and many of them

are being squeezed," Mr. Bonnet said.

Over the last few months three farmers have filed suits against the $80.3

billion-asset Regions Financial Corp. in Birmingham, Ala. Two have sued the

$487 million-asset Chambers Bank in Danville, Ark., and one has sued the $197

million-asset Simmons First Bank in Russellville. The appraisers the banks

used to evaluate the farmland were also named as defendants.

One of the cases against Regions was dismissed, and the plaintiffs and

the bank are negotiating a settlement, according to Sean Brister, an attorney

with the Henry Law Firm.

According to court documents, each plaintiff is asking the court to award

"damages in an amount in excess of $1 million, award punitive damages,

attorneys' fees, costs, and grant all other relief to which they may be

entitled."

The suits allege that the banks overstated the amount of income the farms

could earn, even though the banks had information from poultry companies

showing the farms would earn less.

Representatives of Regions and Chambers said they could not comment about

ongoing litigation. Simmons First said its president was out of the office and

unavailable for comment.

However, in a response filed July 27 in the Circuit Court of Sebastian

County, Regions denied allegations of fraud, negligence, and failure of

fiduciary duty. It acknowledged that the plaintiffs had filed for bankruptcy

protection, and it said that their complaints should be handled by

arbitration.

Michael J. Pappone, an partner with Goodwin Proctor LLP in Boston, said

that many suits that allege banks lent too much money are dismissed before

they ever go to trial, but there are cases where plaintiffs can show lender

liability.

If a bank deliberately gave false information to a customer, it could be

a case of fraud, said Mr. Pappone, who is not involved in the Arkansas suit.

If a bank gave a borrower information that might have affected the borrower's

business, then negligence could be argued, he said, and if a bank gave a

borrower advice, then a fiduciary duty might arise.

"As a practice point, if a bank were talking to me, I would insist that a

borrower independently verify any facts they are acting on, especially if they

heard them from the lender first," Mr. Pappone said. "Furthermore, the lender

should not steer the borrower towards appraisers, business consultants, or

other people who have a long-standing relationship or closeness to the bank."

Jerry Bullard, chief operating officer with the $504 million-asset First

Financial Banc Corp., in El Dorado Ark., said that he is not involved in any

of the suits, but that higher energy prices make it hard for poultry farmers

who use propane to heat their birdhouses to be profitable.

"They are not hitting their projected cash flows because the propane has

gone up so much, and nobody could have foreseen that," Mr. Bullard said.

At the Farm Service Agency meeting, Mr. Bonnet and the lenders discussed

the need for banks to maintain good communications with their borrowers and

how to help those having problems repaying loans. He said the agency wants

bankers to work with their borrowers to keep them on the farm.

Mr. Bullard said that bankers would not make a loan they thought was

risky just because it has a Farm Service Agency guarantee, since it is

uncertain whether the banker would collect on the guarantee.

"If we start having trouble" with a guaranteed loan, "even if it does go

directly into foreclosure, it takes such an extended period of time, you end

up losing money over time, because of the attorney's costs, the opportunity

costs while that money is sitting and not earning any interest, and it sucks

a lot out of your people to work these out," he said.

http://www.americanbanker.com http://www.sourcemedia.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: a


                        Copyright 2006 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             189 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              May 5, 1998 Tuesday

BYLINE: Mark Hanson

LENGTH: 349 words


A bill signed by President Clinton Friday will provide funding for farmers in
the state, but that doesn't guarantee that every farmer will be able to find
money to get this spring's crops in the field. The bill contains $105 million
for farm operating loans, $70 million for direct operating loans and $35 million
in guaranteed subsidized loans for farmers throughout the United States. The
money is distributed through the Farm Service Agency.

The push for more money came because more farmers sought loans this year, mainly
because of last year's flood and poor crop production. North Dakota needs
another $10 million to $15 million for direct operating loans and $20 million in
guaranteed subsidized loans, said Arnie Meyer, ag credit director for the North
Dakota Farm Service Agency. The funding approved by Clinton will go into a
national pool and money will be awarded on a first-come, first-served basis. The
funding ""means good news. But we don't even have all the applications approved
yet,'' Meyer said. ""We're still getting an influx of applications.'' The FSA is
considered the last resort for farmers needing operating loans, but private
banks are becoming less willing to loan money to producers. That increased the
number seeking money from FSA. The other problem, caused mainly by last year's
poor production, is that producers have been unable to pay back previous
obligations, making it unlikely that they will receive money this year. The many
producers who have had loans approved but are still waiting for money should see
some cash soon, Meyer said. ""By the time it goes through all the steps and gets
to where we can order the checks for our customers, it's about 10 days,'' he
said. Rep. Earl Pomeroy, D-N.D., added, ""For some, the money means they'll get
the crop in, for some it means paying off credit cards.'' State FSA director
Scott Stofferahn said the funding ""will give us some confidence that if a
farmer has a loan approved subject to funding, we'll get to it. We still have a
lot more work. We're backlogged, but we're working through it as fast as we
can.''

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1998 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             190 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Lanka Business Report

                            October 28, 2014 Tuesday

Sri Lanka to promote local milk production: Budget 2015

LENGTH: 417 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Oct. 28 -- Sri Lanka to increase the guaranteed price of liquid milk
to 60 rupees per liter in order to increase local milk production and popularize
the local milk production.

President Mahinda Rajapakse proposed this presenting the budget 2015, at the
Parliament, Colombo.

"I now propose to increase the guaranteed price of liquid milk to Rs. 60 per
liter to increase local milk production and reduce the price of locally made
milk powder by Rs. 100 per kilo and yoghurt by Rs. 5 per yoghurt, to popularize
local products," President Mahinda Rajapakse said.

"I propose to increase allocations to Provincial Councils to assist small dairy
farmers to promote cattle farms, and quality animal feed production at
provincial level."

He said the local milk production has increased to 40 percent of local
consumption requirements.

An about 320 million liters of milk was produced last year statistics showed.

President said funds have been allocated for the expansion of the production of
MILCO by doubling its capacity as well as to import 20,000 high quality cows to
promote small and medium dairy farms as well as Government farms.

A special loan scheme is being implemented at a low interest rate, in support of
SMEs to promote dairy farms, setup milk collection centers and procure
equipment, increase animal feed production etc, President said.

The Central Bank of Sri Lanka introduced a loan scheme to large scale local milk
producer mid this year to promote the production of liquid milk and develop milk
related products such as ice cream, yoghurt and curd with eight percent interest
rate per annum, five year repaying period, six month maximum relief period for
repaying the loan, entitlement of obtaining a loan up to 25 million rupees.

"A CESS of 150 rupees per kilo on imported milk powder and the high CESS on the
importation of butter, yoghurt and dairy products to be maintained, to further
support this industry," President Rajapakse said.

He also proposed an allocation of 700 million rupees from budget 2015 to expand
the capacity of training centers at Mahaberitenna, Thalpokuna, Kekunadura,
Karandagolla, Sippikulama, Vavuniya, Vannigama, Kotadeniyawa, Udugoda, Uppuveli
and Weeravila to increase training programs for field level officers as well as
small and medium dairy farmers.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Lanka Business Report. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


             Copyright 2014 Vanguard Management Services (Pvt.) Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             191 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Wis. Banker Uses Guarantees To Keep Up with New Demands

                           September 18, 1995, Monday

By BARBARA F. BRONSTIEN


To handle larger loan requests from expanding farmers, Wisconsin banker Doug
Hein has relied not on other banks, but on guaranteed loans.

"It's necessary to use the programs available," said Doug Hein, loan officer at
$36 million-asset State Bank of Newburg, Wis. "If we do not do that, we will
have to send the business elsewhere."

Although his bank sits on the edge of the Milwaukee metropolitan area - whose
growth has resulted in some decline in agriculture - farm loans, mainly dairy,
still make up about a quarter of the loan portfolio.

And the expansion and modernization of dairy operations has prompted Mr. Hein to
turn to guaranteed loans from the former Farmers Home Administration, now the
Rural Housing and Community Development Service.

"I'm applying for a guarantee to reduce risk," Mr. Hein said. "I can sell off
the guaranteed portion. It improves our liquidity. I can also provide the farmer
with a fixed rate."

In what Mr. Hein calls a typical case in which he used a loan guarantee, a dairy
farmer needed about $220,000 in initial borrowings to double his herd to 250 and
add a new barn and manure handling system.

State Bank has not yet done any farm loan participations with other banks, he
said.

But if an agricultural customer had expansion plans beyond what the bank was
capable of doing through guaranteed lending, Mr. Hein said he would consider
loan participations with other commercial banks "if it would be necessary to
handle an existing customer."

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 249 words

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1995 American Banker, Inc.


                             192 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 12, 2009 Tuesday

Loan limbo frustrates farmers

BYLINE: Chris Casey, Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 957 words


May 12--Many area farmers are anxious to know if newly announced federal funding
will come fast enough because they can't get their loans, originated at a
now-closed Greeley bank, moved to other credit-squeezed banks.

One Fort Morgan farmer broke down in tears Monday morning as he spoke to
Colorado's congressional delegation at the Morgan County Fairgrounds in Brush.
He said he's under a 30-day deadline to find new financing for his cattle and
farm operation or face liquidation.

"We don't have another 30 days to make that happen," Gary Teague said. "We have
to get that seed in the ground or we don't have a corn crop this summer."

The ripple effect of the closure of New Frontier Bank was on full display as
more than 100 farmers crowded into the 4-H building to hear the credit
announcement by U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, along with Gov. Bill
Ritter, U.S. Sens. Mark Udall and Michael Bennet, and Rep. Betsy Markey.

Vilsack last week authorized the transfer of unused Farm Service Agency
subsidized guaranteed operating loan funds to the agency's direct operating loan
program, following a request by the Colorado lawmakers.

The transfer will provide an additional $110 million of direct operating loan
funds and $143 million of unsubsidized guaranteed operating loan funds.

The most emotional comments in the 90-minute forum came from Teague, who drew a
standing ovation from frustrated farmers.

Teague told Vilsack that farmers like himself don't need a bailout -- he's
current on loan payments on his $50 million operation that employs 155 people in
Weld and Morgan counties -- but he needs assurance he can quickly secure credit
through another bank. He said Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. officials, who
shut down New Frontier, told him he must get new financing within 30 days.

"I just need someone to slow the process down so I can move my loan to another
bank," said Teague, who co-owns 15-year-old Teague Diversified Inc. "... We have
a lot of livestock that has to be fed every day and employees that need to be
paid."

Vilsack said FSA will send additional personnel to northeastern Colorado to
ensure loan applications are processed quickly. He said he would talk with the
FDIC chairwoman Monday to see if there's a way to give farmers and ranchers more
time to secure financing for loans left in limbo by New Frontier's closure. He
gave Teague his business card and said "someone will get back to you today."

The Tribune attempted to reach Teague late Monday afternoon to see if that was
the case, but he did not return messages.

New Frontier Bank had $448 million in agriculture loans when it closed Friday.
Of that, payments on $107 million in loans were at least 30 days late. By
comparison, through fourth-quarter 2008, $79 million of the bank's agriculture
loans were past due.

Another farmer said many in the room were family farmers who have smaller
operations than Teague but likewise are current on their loans. They also are
looking for answers, he said.

"We will do everything we can do to carry back (to Washington) the message we're
hearing today," Bennet said. "Whatever is possible, we will get them to do."

The FSA has experienced a dramatic increase in loan demand in the current fiscal
year, Vilsack said. With the federal funds transfer, the agency will provide
about 1,900 family farmers nationwide with direct operating loan assistance and
620 more with guaranteed operating loans.

Vilsack said the FSA's additional $110 million in direct loans should help
financially stressed farmers. He said the additional infusion of guaranteed
operating loans will help reduce the risks to community banks looking at new
loans.

A woman who raises naturally fed beef complained that she can't qualify for the
FSA loans because she derives some income from nonfarm sources. She said it
creates a Catch-22 because she can't make a living without the additional
income.

Vilsack said he was hopeful the additional FSA workers being deployed would
speed loans to applicants. He said he would contact officials in Washington to
try to get answers to some of the specific credit-related questions posed at the
forum.

While biofuels, commodity markets, wind farms and the issue of environmental
responsibility vs. economic profitability took up some discussion, the meeting's
emphasis was on credit stress.

"We are in that once-in-a-hundred-years economic and banking crisis. That's what
we're facing," Bennet said.

Many northeastern Colorado farmers are enduring the fallout of a major lender
whose assets are frozen, the senator added. The additional FSA loans are an
attempt to loosen credit so banks will "actually be able to lend in a community
like this."

Another farmer wanted assurance the money being transferred by the U.S.
Department of Agriculture will be closely monitored. Some expressed concern the
government may be over-reaching in attempts to stabilize the financial crisis.

Vilsack responded that the USDA is taking steps to promote efficiency and
accountability.

"We will with the next budget, 2011, do a much more thorough review of all
aspects of the budget and determine where all the money is spent," he said.

Another farmer summed up the sentiment of many in the room when he told the
assembled Washington politicians, "everybody needs to work to get these (farmers
and ranchers) their money."

To see more of the Greeley Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.greeleytribune.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Greeley Tribune, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090512-GY-Loan-limbo-frustrates-farmers-0512

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2009 Greeley Tribune


                             193 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                             July 5, 2007 Thursday

Unclear Rules Cost FSA Program Some Lenders

BYLINE: Ben Jackson

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 6 Vol. 172 No. 128

LENGTH: 961  words


Vague rules and secretive lawsuits are leading some bankers to abandon
government-guaranteed lending to farmers.

The program sounds great - to entice banks to finance borrowers who do not meet
traditional underwriting criteria, the Farm Service Agency will guarantee up to
95% of the principal and interest on loans of up to $899,000.

But even though the guarantee is designed to reduce a bank's risk, some bankers
say the agency's unclear rules on what interest rate may be charged is leading
to esoteric suits.

First Capital Bank, the Guthrie, Okla., subsidiary of the $101 million-asset FCB
Holdings Inc., announced late last month that it would pay $1.4 million to
settle one such suit, which had alleged the bank charged too much on loans
guaranteed by the FSA.

The bank did not admit to any wrongdoing. Jack Stuteville, its chairman and
chief executive officer, called the case "baseless" and urged Congress to step
in.

"It is of the utmost importance that Congress now moves to stop this nonsense,"
he said in a press release. "If it doesn't, more and more banks will decide to
no longer offer government-guaranteed loans for fear that they will also become
targets of money-hungry and self-serving attorneys that initiate similar
lawsuits against other small, rural banks."

Mr. Stuteville would not discuss the case further, but his attorney, Doug
Jackson, a partner with Gungoll, Jackson, Collins, Box & Devoll PC, said First
Capital decided the suit would be too expensive to defend and too risky to lose.

It was filed as a qui tam suit, which are cases filed on behalf of the
government by a private citizen. These suits were created as a way for
whistle-blowers to uncover fraud against the government. A suit is filed and
kept under seal while the government investigates and decides how to proceed.
This setup is meant to protect the plaintiff's identity and to give the
government a chance to determine whether there is a case.

"The problem is that under the qui tam statute, the exposure is three times the
amount of loss claims and interest assist claims you've been paid," Mr. Jackson
said. "With that hanging over your head, you just about have to settle, even
though you have done nothing wrong."

The crux of these cases rests on FSA regulations that bar a bank from charging a
higher rate for a guaranteed loan than it charges an average agricultural loan
customer. The rules also say the rate may not exceed what a bank would charge a
moderate-risk borrower.

Roger M. Beverage, the president and chief executive officer of the Oklahoma
Bankers Association, said bankers are settling these cases rather than
litigating on an unclear rule.

"If the rules are clarified so you knew what conformed and what didn't, then you
could make a judgment on whether you want to take on that risk" of fighting in
court, Mr. Beverage said.

As a result of the lack of clarity, there will be less credit for farmers as
bankers refuse to make FSA-guaranteed loans, he said.

"If you're going down a road that has heretofore been minimally risky and the
risk multiplied exponentially, not because of anything you did wrong, but
because there are no clear rules on what are right or wrong, you are going to
look for something else," Mr. Beverage said.

The FSA refused to make an official available for an interview, and Stevin
Westcott, a spokesperson for the agency, would communicate only through e-mail.
But he wrote that the agency was aware of bankers' concerns and was working with
lenders to address them. The agency is weighing whether its regulations should
be changed, he wrote.

The agency could not say how many banks make these guaranteed loans or how that
number has changed over time. But according to its Web site, it has committed
$1.5 billion - or roughly half its available funds - to guarantee 6,349 loans
thus far this fiscal year. The FSA could not say how those figures stack up to
last year.

From the end of fiscal 2000 to the end of the last fiscal year, the principal
guaranteed by the FSA increased 11%, to $8.8 billion, while the number of loans
outstanding dropped 13%, to 59,543.

It is unclear how many of these lawsuits are pending, but one of the most
well-known ones was brought against Gold Banc Corp. Inc., of Leawood, Kan., in
2004. The $16 million settlement of that case derailed Gold's deal to sell
itself to Silver Acquisition Corp., which backed out, citing a material adverse
effects clause. (Gold sold itself last year to Marshall & Ilsley Corp. of
Milwaukee.)

The plaintiff in that suit, Roger Ediger, is a former borrower who lost his farm
and became a lawyer. His firm, Mitchell & DeClerck PLLC in Enid, Okla., now
specializes in this type of case. It reached a $2.1 million settlement in May of
last year with Farmers Bancorp. Inc. of Cherokee.

The firm said that Mr. Ediger was traveling and could be reached only by e-mail.
He wrote in an e-mail that many borrowers have asked him to look at their cases,
and that most often he has concluded that banks are complying with the
regulations.

He disagreed with bankers who claim the FSA rules are hard to follow.

"It is not difficult for banks to comply with the law," Mr. Ediger wrote. "Banks
have computer software that keeps track of their yield on any number of
parameters and loan categories. Banks can track guaranteed loans and
nonguaranteed loans using this software - on a daily basis - to determine their
compliance."

In June 2005, Gold filed a suit against the FSA alleging that the interest rate
regulation was unconstitutionally vague. The U.S. District Court for Kansas
dismissed that suit in December 2005, saying the issue was beyond its
jurisdiction. Gold refiled in the U.S. Court of Federal Claims but withdrew the
suit.

http://www.americanbanker.com/ http://www.sourcemedia.com/

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo, Beverage

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: a


                        Copyright 2007 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             194 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            March 3, 1999 Wednesday

LENGTH: 437 words


WASHINGTON (AP) -- A measure that would make as much as $500 million available
to guarantee loans for farmers and ranchers was passed by the House on Tuesday.
Supporters said the bill, passed by voice vote, would ease a farm credit crunch
caused by natural disasters and low commodity prices. The money is not lent to
farmers directly -- only used to back up loans in case of default.

The money also is intended to help farmers until Congress has a chance to vote
on whether to grant President Clinton's request for $153 million in extra money
this year for emergency loans and for hiring temporary government workers to
handle a heavy demand for disaster assistance. Use of the money targeted in
Tuesday's House bill currently is limited for the Beginning Farmers and Ranchers
program until April 1. After that, the government may make it available to
anyone eligible for the Department of Agriculture guaranteed loans if it is not
being used. The House bill would make the money available for loan guarantees
immediately because the funds are not being used and are not expected to be
used, according to a statement released by the Republican House Conference.
""Freeing up the Beginning Farmer guaranteed loan money, which is not being
used, will be of great benefit to agricultural producers,'' Rep. Harold Rogers,
R-Ky., said. ""We have to take action to make sure they survive and give them an
opportunity to prosper,'' said Rep. Bob Etheridge, D-N.C. The legislation also
requires the agriculture secretary to give priority to guaranteed loan
applications from beginning farmers and ranchers under any additional money the
Congress allocates for this fiscal year. No matching bill has yet been
introduced in the Senate. The measure's sponsor, House Agriculture Committee
Chairman Larry Combest, R-Texas, also said he's holding Washington bureaucrats
accountable for ""failing to deliver farms disaster aid to producers authorized
by Congress nearly 4 months ago.'' The department's plans for distribution of
disaster relief payments means farmers probably won't see the money until May.
""Help is many months past producers' expectations and the department's own
promises,'' Combest said. On Friday, Clinton said that economic turmoil in Asia
and elsewhere in the world continues ""to make it difficult for American farmers
and ranchers to export their goods overseas.'' His proposal would provide $1.1
billion in direct loans or loan guarantees for an estimated 10,000 producers who
can't get credit from private sources. The department is running out of money to
make loans because of the heavy demand for credit.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1999 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             195 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            March 3, 1999 Wednesday

LENGTH: 437 words


WASHINGTON (AP) -- A measure that would make as much as $500 million available
to guarantee loans for farmers and ranchers was passed by the House on Tuesday.
Supporters said the bill, passed by voice vote, would ease a farm credit crunch
caused by natural disasters and low commodity prices. The money is not lent to
farmers directly -- only used to back up loans in case of default.

The money also is intended to help farmers until Congress has a chance to vote
on whether to grant President Clinton's request for $153 million in extra money
this year for emergency loans and for hiring temporary government workers to
handle a heavy demand for disaster assistance. Use of the money targeted in
Tuesday's House bill currently is limited for the Beginning Farmers and Ranchers
program until April 1. After that, the government may make it available to
anyone eligible for the Department of Agriculture guaranteed loans if it is not
being used. The House bill would make the money available for loan guarantees
immediately because the funds are not being used and are not expected to be
used, according to a statement released by the Republican House Conference.
""Freeing up the Beginning Farmer guaranteed loan money, which is not being
used, will be of great benefit to agricultural producers,'' Rep. Harold Rogers,
R-Ky., said. ""We have to take action to make sure they survive and give them an
opportunity to prosper,'' said Rep. Bob Etheridge, D-N.C. The legislation also
requires the agriculture secretary to give priority to guaranteed loan
applications from beginning farmers and ranchers under any additional money the
Congress allocates for this fiscal year. No matching bill has yet been
introduced in the Senate. The measure's sponsor, House Agriculture Committee
Chairman Larry Combest, R-Texas, also said he's holding Washington bureaucrats
accountable for ""failing to deliver farms disaster aid to producers authorized
by Congress nearly 4 months ago.'' The department's plans for distribution of
disaster relief payments means farmers probably won't see the money until May.
""Help is many months past producers' expectations and the department's own
promises,'' Combest said. On Friday, Clinton said that economic turmoil in Asia
and elsewhere in the world continues ""to make it difficult for American farmers
and ranchers to export their goods overseas.'' His proposal would provide $1.1
billion in direct loans or loan guarantees for an estimated 10,000 producers who
can't get credit from private sources. The department is running out of money to
make loans because of the heavy demand for credit.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1999 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             196 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 5, 2015 Monday

2014 in Review: New Farm Bill Allows Kansas Family to Purchase Home

LENGTH: 286  words


Washington, D.C.: U.S. Department of Agriculture has issued the following news
release:

Megan Estrada and her three children are excited to spend time on their new
home's porch - a home they just moved into this summer. Prior to purchasing
their own home, Estrada and her children had spent the last nine years in an
apartment in Dodge City, Kansas.

Estrada tried to buy a home four years ago, but with no solid credit history was
unable to secure a loan through conventional home financing. For the next four
years Estrada built up her credit, then in May of this year she heard that USDA
would be offering home loans in Dodge City and called her banker to see how to
apply.

With the passage of the 2014 Farm Bill, Dodge City became eligible for USDA
Housing Programs. The Farm Bill contained language that changed the definition
of a rural area for USDA's Housing Program; the new definition allowed areas
with populations of up to 35,000 that are rural in character to be eligible for
USDA Housing Programs - which made Dodge City eligible.

In June, Estrada was the first Dodge City resident to purchase a home by
utilizing USDA's Guaranteed Rural Housing Program. Landmark National Bank
provided the loan on Estrada's three-bedroom home, which is guaranteed by USDA
Rural Development.

"I am prepared to accept the responsibility of homeownership, and am looking
forward to it," said Estrada. "The kids enjoy having a backyard to play in, and
I like allowing them to play outside where I know they are safe."

Since 2009, USDA Rural Development has helped more than 11,000 Kansas residents
purchase a home.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             197 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           September 27, 1983 Tuesday

Pressure mounts to prevent   end of White Farm operation

BYLINE: ANN SILVERSIDES; GAM

LENGTH: 420 words


By  ANN SILVERSIDES
   Pressure is mounting from dealers and western provincial governments to
 prevent the liquidation of White Farm Equipment Ltd. of Brantford, Ont.

About 80 White Farm dealers met in Saskatoon during the weekend to
 explore ways to ensure that the farm equipment company, in receivership
 since mid-June, is sold as a going concern.

Dealers are also advising the receiver, Peat Marwick Ltd. of Toronto,
 that in their view the liquidation of the company would trigger
 termination of their contracts with the supplier.

Under farm implement legislation in the three Prairie Provinces, that
 would mean suppliers would have to buy back all new and unused parts and
 equipment, said Ollie Riffel, a White Farm dealer in Medicine Hat, Alta.
 (Peat Marwick "is not issuing a statement" on White Farm, a spokesman
 said.)
    As well, Saskatchewan Agriculture Minister Lorne Hepworth has sent
 telegrams to federal Industry Minister Edward Lumley asking that every
 effort be made to keep White Farm operating.

There are two known bidders for White Farm, which went into
 receivership after it defaulted on loans guaranteed by the federal and
 Ontario governments.

Massey-Ferguson Ltd. of Toronto has bid on White's axial flow combine
 technology and some of the engineering operations, said Peter Collins,
 Massey's vice-president of communications.

Last week, federal Agriculture Minister Eugene Whelan said Massey,
 which has its own dealer network, might well be the successful bidder.

Following this statement "all hell broke loose in the West," said Percy
 Schmeiser, head of the White Farm western dealers association.

The federal Government, a major creditor of White Farm, has already
 indicated it does not approve of another bid, from White Farm Equipment
 Co. of Oakbrook, Ill.

While it is not bidding on the company, Borg-Warner Acceptance Corp. of
 Chicago has "talked about the possibility of (financially) backing a
 buyer," said Donald Teriksy, president. Borg-Warner has financed White
 Farm inventory in both Canada and the United States.
    "We hope the door is still open for negotiation between Borg-Warner and
 the receiver," Mr. Schmeiser said.

The dealers feel that federal government support for Massey's bid is
 politically motivated, because the Government has guaranteed about $200-
 million worth of Massey loans, Mr. Riffel said.
    "Our farmers are harvesting right now, but you can be sure some of them
 have their radios tuned in on their combines, and they are probably
 suffering some anxiety," Mr. Hepworth said.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             198 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                           November 2, 2016 Wednesday
                               Australian Edition

Farmers' funding models 'too rigid'

BYLINE: SUE NEALES Agribusiness

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 507  words


The agriculture sector needs more options and different models for raising
capital than reliance on the traditional bank loan, overdraft or farm mortgage
debt, if it is to meet growing food production demands.

A report from the Australian Farm Institute has found farmers and agricultural
businesses overseas have access to more -alternatives, mainly because farming in
Australia continues to be viewed as volatile, high risk and unattractive to
investors.

Yet the rise in total rural debt from $10 billion to $60bn over the past 25
years - with a subsequent increase in farm fore-closures and sales when events
such as long droughts occur - has primarily been funded by traditional major
lenders such as the big four banks, specialist primary industry bank Rabobank,
government assistance loans and other sources of debt.

But new models such as crowd-funding, partnerships with overseas retailers or
importers keen to lock in guaranteed food supply contracts, and greater
separation of ownership of the land asset from the food production business are
all ways to reduce this reliance on debt and banks, says the AFI research.

AFI chief executive Mick Keogh says that while some of these models are already
emerging as corporate farming becomes more common in Australia and farm sizes
increase with consolidation, a new approach is needed to help with the large
scale turn-off in farm ownership as many ageing farmers retire or make
succession plans.

Encouraging alternative sources of equity and capital injection may also require
some government assistance or policy direction, the AFI report says.

"Obtaining access to appropriately structured finance has been a long-term
challenge for the agriculture sector in Australia (because) farmers operate in a
business environment that, at an industry level, involves more than twice the
level of annual revenue volatility of the average non-farm business," Mr Keogh
said.

"As a consequence, farm -financial arrangements have traditionally needed to be
structured on a much longer term and more flexible basis than is the case for
many other businesses." AFI research manager Richard Heath said the capital
intensive nature of farming required high levels of investment and farm owners
to take on high levels of debt. The average real debt carried per broadacre farm
has increased from $200,000 in 1990 to $500,000 in 2015, although the
accompanying boost to production and revenue has kept the cost of servicing that
debt to around 7c per dollar of income.

Mr Heath said alternatives used in countries such as Brazil included separating
the ownership of farm assets from the operation of the business, using leasehold
and rental models.

Offtake agreements, in which retailers or importers provide loans in return for
guaranteed supply of produce, were popular.

Another traditional model enjoying a comeback is equity-sharing arrangements
where farmers or employers jointly own equipment or assets, or enter into share
farming in return for an income split.Crowd funding is also an increasingly
popular model.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             199 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                              June 5, 2016 Sunday

BAAC to lend Bt72 bn to SMEsproject will cover 7,305 tambon before its
completion in 2017: senior exec

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 427 words


Somluck Srimalee

The Nation

Rayong

The Bank for Agriculture and Agricultural Cooperatives (BAAC) believes it will
be able to provide Bt72 billion worth of special loans to small and medium-sized
enterprises (SMEs) under the "One Tambon, One Agriculture" programme by March 31
next year.

BAAC executive vice president Predermchai Jansena told a news conference that
the bank had already approved loans worth Bt12.5 billion under the programme as
of May 30 after its launch in February. The funding went to 2,701 agriculture
SMEs in 2,701 tambon.

"When the project is complete on March 31, 2017, it will cover 7,305 tambon," he
said.

The loans charge a special interest rate of 4 per cent for the first seven
years. The Thai Credit Guarantee Corporation (TCG) guarantees the loans in case
farmers do not have sufficient assets to qualify for a loan.

TCG president Nitid Manoonporn said the corporation had already guaranteed Bt2.7
billion worth of loans for agriculture SMEs, Bt1.6 billion of the total approved
between January 1 and May 31.

"We target guaranteeing at least Bt5 billion worth of loans under this project
by the end of this year," he said.

In total, the TCG targets guarantees for at least Bt85 billion in lending this
year, he added.

Phairot Pitipantarat, owner of Suan La Mai, an eco-tourist enterprise in Rayong
province, said his business got a loan from the BAAC worth Bt5 million under the
One Tambon, One Agriculture project. The money was used to buy fruits from
farmers to sell to tourists visiting his farm under its "Fruits Buffet" campaign
that started on April 27 and will run until August 14.

"Our farm cannot produce enough fruits to satisfy the demand of our customers,
so we opened the opportunity for other farms nearby to sell their products to
us.

We spend an average of Bt3 million every week to buy fruits from farmers," he
said.

Needing cash to buy these fruits, Phairot applied for a Bt5-million loan from
the BAAC guaranteed by the TCG when his assets fell short of what was needed to
borrow from a commercial bank.

Normally, Suan La Mai buys fruits from 53 farmers in Rayong province worth a
total of Bt11 million a year. This year, Phairot forecasts a fruit-purchase
budget of at least Bt15 million, as the Fruits Buffet campaign is predicted to
double the number of tourists to 150,000 from last year's figure.

Pradermchai said: "We provided a loan to Suan La Mai because the business has
potential under the new model to turn traditional farmers into eco-tourist
farmers, and Suan La Mai also creates jobs for farmers located nearby."

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             200 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                              June 5, 2016 Sunday

BAAC to lend Bt72 bn to SMEsproject will cover 7,305 tambon before its
completion in 2017: senior exec

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 427 words


Somluck Srimalee

The Nation

Rayong

The Bank for Agriculture and Agricultural Cooperatives (BAAC) believes it will
be able to provide Bt72 billion worth of special loans to small and medium-sized
enterprises (SMEs) under the "One Tambon, One Agriculture" programme by March 31
next year.

BAAC executive vice president Predermchai Jansena told a news conference that
the bank had already approved loans worth Bt12.5 billion under the programme as
of May 30 after its launch in February. The funding went to 2,701 agriculture
SMEs in 2,701 tambon.

"When the project is complete on March 31, 2017, it will cover 7,305 tambon," he
said.

The loans charge a special interest rate of 4 per cent for the first seven
years. The Thai Credit Guarantee Corporation (TCG) guarantees the loans in case
farmers do not have sufficient assets to qualify for a loan.

TCG president Nitid Manoonporn said the corporation had already guaranteed Bt2.7
billion worth of loans for agriculture SMEs, Bt1.6 billion of the total approved
between January 1 and May 31.

"We target guaranteeing at least Bt5 billion worth of loans under this project
by the end of this year," he said.

In total, the TCG targets guarantees for at least Bt85 billion in lending this
year, he added.

Phairot Pitipantarat, owner of Suan La Mai, an eco-tourist enterprise in Rayong
province, said his business got a loan from the BAAC worth Bt5 million under the
One Tambon, One Agriculture project. The money was used to buy fruits from
farmers to sell to tourists visiting his farm under its "Fruits Buffet" campaign
that started on April 27 and will run until August 14.

"Our farm cannot produce enough fruits to satisfy the demand of our customers,
so we opened the opportunity for other farms nearby to sell their products to
us.

We spend an average of Bt3 million every week to buy fruits from farmers," he
said.

Needing cash to buy these fruits, Phairot applied for a Bt5-million loan from
the BAAC guaranteed by the TCG when his assets fell short of what was needed to
borrow from a commercial bank.

Normally, Suan La Mai buys fruits from 53 farmers in Rayong province worth a
total of Bt11 million a year. This year, Phairot forecasts a fruit-purchase
budget of at least Bt15 million, as the Fruits Buffet campaign is predicted to
double the number of tourists to 150,000 from last year's figure.

Pradermchai said: "We provided a loan to Suan La Mai because the business has
potential under the new model to turn traditional farmers into eco-tourist
farmers, and Suan La Mai also creates jobs for farmers located nearby."

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             201 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                              June 5, 2016 Sunday

BAAC to lend Bt72 bn to SMEsproject will cover 7,305 tambon before its
completion in 2017: senior exec

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 427 words


Somluck Srimalee

The Nation

Rayong

The Bank for Agriculture and Agricultural Cooperatives (BAAC) believes it will
be able to provide Bt72 billion worth of special loans to small and medium-sized
enterprises (SMEs) under the "One Tambon, One Agriculture" programme by March 31
next year.

BAAC executive vice president Predermchai Jansena told a news conference that
the bank had already approved loans worth Bt12.5 billion under the programme as
of May 30 after its launch in February. The funding went to 2,701 agriculture
SMEs in 2,701 tambon.

"When the project is complete on March 31, 2017, it will cover 7,305 tambon," he
said.

The loans charge a special interest rate of 4 per cent for the first seven
years. The Thai Credit Guarantee Corporation (TCG) guarantees the loans in case
farmers do not have sufficient assets to qualify for a loan.

TCG president Nitid Manoonporn said the corporation had already guaranteed Bt2.7
billion worth of loans for agriculture SMEs, Bt1.6 billion of the total approved
between January 1 and May 31.

"We target guaranteeing at least Bt5 billion worth of loans under this project
by the end of this year," he said.

In total, the TCG targets guarantees for at least Bt85 billion in lending this
year, he added.

Phairot Pitipantarat, owner of Suan La Mai, an eco-tourist enterprise in Rayong
province, said his business got a loan from the BAAC worth Bt5 million under the
One Tambon, One Agriculture project. The money was used to buy fruits from
farmers to sell to tourists visiting his farm under its "Fruits Buffet" campaign
that started on April 27 and will run until August 14.

"Our farm cannot produce enough fruits to satisfy the demand of our customers,
so we opened the opportunity for other farms nearby to sell their products to
us.

We spend an average of Bt3 million every week to buy fruits from farmers," he
said.

Needing cash to buy these fruits, Phairot applied for a Bt5-million loan from
the BAAC guaranteed by the TCG when his assets fell short of what was needed to
borrow from a commercial bank.

Normally, Suan La Mai buys fruits from 53 farmers in Rayong province worth a
total of Bt11 million a year. This year, Phairot forecasts a fruit-purchase
budget of at least Bt15 million, as the Fruits Buffet campaign is predicted to
double the number of tourists to 150,000 from last year's figure.

Pradermchai said: "We provided a loan to Suan La Mai because the business has
potential under the new model to turn traditional farmers into eco-tourist
farmers, and Suan La Mai also creates jobs for farmers located nearby."

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             202 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                              June 5, 2016 Sunday

BAAC to lend Bt72 bn to SMEsproject will cover 7,305 tambon before its
completion in 2017: senior exec

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 427 words


Somluck Srimalee

The Nation

Rayong

The Bank for Agriculture and Agricultural Cooperatives (BAAC) believes it will
be able to provide Bt72 billion worth of special loans to small and medium-sized
enterprises (SMEs) under the "One Tambon, One Agriculture" programme by March 31
next year.

BAAC executive vice president Predermchai Jansena told a news conference that
the bank had already approved loans worth Bt12.5 billion under the programme as
of May 30 after its launch in February. The funding went to 2,701 agriculture
SMEs in 2,701 tambon.

"When the project is complete on March 31, 2017, it will cover 7,305 tambon," he
said.

The loans charge a special interest rate of 4 per cent for the first seven
years. The Thai Credit Guarantee Corporation (TCG) guarantees the loans in case
farmers do not have sufficient assets to qualify for a loan.

TCG president Nitid Manoonporn said the corporation had already guaranteed Bt2.7
billion worth of loans for agriculture SMEs, Bt1.6 billion of the total approved
between January 1 and May 31.

"We target guaranteeing at least Bt5 billion worth of loans under this project
by the end of this year," he said.

In total, the TCG targets guarantees for at least Bt85 billion in lending this
year, he added.

Phairot Pitipantarat, owner of Suan La Mai, an eco-tourist enterprise in Rayong
province, said his business got a loan from the BAAC worth Bt5 million under the
One Tambon, One Agriculture project. The money was used to buy fruits from
farmers to sell to tourists visiting his farm under its "Fruits Buffet" campaign
that started on April 27 and will run until August 14.

"Our farm cannot produce enough fruits to satisfy the demand of our customers,
so we opened the opportunity for other farms nearby to sell their products to
us.

We spend an average of Bt3 million every week to buy fruits from farmers," he
said.

Needing cash to buy these fruits, Phairot applied for a Bt5-million loan from
the BAAC guaranteed by the TCG when his assets fell short of what was needed to
borrow from a commercial bank.

Normally, Suan La Mai buys fruits from 53 farmers in Rayong province worth a
total of Bt11 million a year. This year, Phairot forecasts a fruit-purchase
budget of at least Bt15 million, as the Fruits Buffet campaign is predicted to
double the number of tourists to 150,000 from last year's figure.

Pradermchai said: "We provided a loan to Suan La Mai because the business has
potential under the new model to turn traditional farmers into eco-tourist
farmers, and Suan La Mai also creates jobs for farmers located nearby."

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             203 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Rescue Effort For Farm Credit To Be S&L Model

                          November 30, 1988, Wednesday

By JIM McTAGUE, Washington Bureau

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Federal thrift regulators will recommend a $50 billion bailout of the Federal
Savings and Loan Insurance Corp. that is similar to last year's government
rescue of the Farm Credit System.

M. Danny Wall, chairman of the Federal Home Loan Bank Board, indicated on
Tuesday that the plan would not necessarily call for the thrift industry to pay
back all the aid the FSLIC receives.

"I said the plan will be similar to the Farm Credit System rescue, not
identical," the chairman said.

Mr. Wall hinted that he will suggest that all institutions with federal deposit
insurance should pay the same amount for protection. Currently, savings and
loans pay more than banks and credit unions, owing to the battered financial
condition of the FSLIC fund.

Mr. Wall expects to put his proposal on the table in December.

Though Mr. Wall said his agency would recommend a structure for a rescue, the
Bank Board would defer to Treasury to decide how the structure should be funded.
He declined to elaborate.

The Farm Credit rescue created a funding corporation to issue up to $4 billion
in government-guaranteed bonds and a three-man board to oversee that
corporation.

Treasury guaranteed the bonds and will pay a portion of the interest due to
investors.  The Farm Credit System is expected to repay the Treasury in the
future.

Mr. Wall said his agency's efforts to close or merge insolvent thrifts are
already having a positive impact on the industry.

Losses in the third quarter will be $1.5 billion, he said, down from $3.8
billion in the second quarter and $3.9 billion in the first.

Net operating income will be up to $364 million from $224 million in the second
quarter and minus $278 million in the first quarter, he said.

L. William Seidman, chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., has been
highly critical of Mr. Wall's handling of the FSLIC crisis. But Mr. Wall claims
the remarks have created no bad blood betweem them.

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 327 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1988 American Banker, Inc.


                             204 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 5, 2007 Wednesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

The USDA's Losing Effort;
Costly Program for Rural Businesses Yields Dubious Results

BYLINE: Gilbert M. Gaul; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 2915 words


Under a program to create jobs in rural America, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture guaranteed $1.6 million in loans to Aztec Environmental Inc., an
asbestos-removal company in Panama City, Fla.

Aztec did create jobs -- for hundreds of workers from Guatemala. "Locals didn't
want the work," said Debbie Livingston, one of the owners.

Three years later, in February, Aztec went out of business after a federal
investigation into allegations of environmental abuses and the hiring of illegal
immigrants. Now, the USDA could lose hundreds of thousands of dollars on the
loan.

The Aztec case is one  graphic example of the scores of troubled loans that the
USDA has backed in a little-known part of the agency's vast system of farm
subsidies. Since the 1970s, the loan program has endured nearly  $1.5 billion in
losses while backing almost $14 billion in guarantees to private banks, a
Washington Post investigation found.

Actual losses are almost surely higher, according to a Post analysis of
thousands of USDA loans and grants. USDA officials refuse to disclose losses on
loans to individual companies, even after they go out of business, arguing that
it "could substantially harm" the companies' competitive positions.

More than three decades after the loan program was created, USDA officials still
don't know whether it works. Funds have gone to firms that have hired foreign
workers instead of Americans. Millions more have gone to failing and bankrupt
businesses. Most of the jobs are not new. Many are low-tech and low-wage.

In addition to the loan program, the USDA has handed out almost half a billion
dollars in rural development grants to businesses and nonprofits since 2001.

Loan guarantees or grants have gone to a car wash in Milford, Del.; a country
club in Great Falls, Mont.; a movie theater in Smithfield, N.C.; a water park in
Myrtle Beach, S.C.; an alligator hunter in Dade City, Fla.; snowmobile clubs in
Maine; and dozens of gas stations and convenience stores in Maryland, Ohio,
Pennsylvania and Arkansas.

"You know, some people could argue a job at minimum wage is better than no job
at all," said William Hagy, the USDA's deputy administrator for business
programs. "In a lot of rural areas, that's all there are."

In congressional testimony and news releases, USDA officials stress that the
loan and grant programs have helped revitalize rural America by creating or
saving 1.5 million jobs since 2001. But in some cases, creating a single job
costs hundreds of thousands of dollars.

Meanwhile, the USDA's losses continue to climb. More than one in five loans --
nearly 2,700 -- result in a loss in the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan
Program, the agency's largest rural lending effort. Yet the USDA has asked for
its money back from just 19 banks for fraud or mismanagement since 1974.

Congressional committees charged with overseeing USDA business programs rarely
question the agency's claims or probe deeply into the programs. Instead, some
lawmakers have aggressively lobbied the USDA to approve costly projects in their
districts.

In 1999, members of Washington state's congressional delegation urged the USDA
to guarantee a $20 million loan to a troubled sugar beet refinery near Moses
Lake. The agency agreed, even though the borrower was already in default on
existing loans. Within months the plant failed and defaulted on its newest loan,
sticking taxpayers with a $12.1 million loss.

Thomas C. Dorr, USDA undersecretary for rural development, did not dispute The
Post's findings. He said the USDA is developing new tools to measure the
effectiveness of its business programs and lately has begun to see more
high-quality jobs created. He attributed the high loss rate in the loan program
to a handful of "aggressive lenders."

"We are making a legitimate effort to deal with all of these issues," Dorr said.
"We've made a substantial change in how we go about doing our business and are
much more concerned about creating value and not just giving out grants. I think
that's beginning to show up."

A 'Bank for Rural America'

Most Americans probably are not aware that the USDA is in the lending business.
But while they represent a small fraction of overall USDA spending, which
includes programs from farm subsidies to school lunches, the programs
administered by the agency's Rural Business-Cooperative Service account for more
than $1 billion annually in loan guarantees, loans and grants.

In 2006 alone, the USDA backed more than $766 million in private loans to
businesses, guaranteeing up to 90 percent of the face value of some loans. It
awarded $75 million in grants to nonprofits, local governments and businesses,
including $100,000 to the agricultural giant Welch's to market grape juice in
Mexico.

"We are essentially an investment bank for rural America," Dorr said in a speech
in November 2006.

The efforts date back to the 1930s, when rural credit was lacking and
unemployment among farmers was high. In 1946, the Farmers Home Administration
Act authorized the USDA to insure bank loans. Over time, the initiative
expanded, with additional types of loans and grants added to the mix.

Some economists, government groups and lenders contend that the USDA's efforts
duplicate those of the Small Business Administration and other federal agencies.
The USDA operates 50 state programs, each with its own business staff. They are
supported by a national staff.

"From our perspective, it's highly inefficient," said Anthony Wilkinson, the
head of a trade group representing banks and lenders that participate in
government-guaranteed loan programs. "We'd like to see it centralized with a few
experts in one place, like the SBA does it. The amount of time it takes to
process applications gets dragged out. It's a bureaucratic nightmare."

In addition to providing support for businesses, the USDA also backs lending
efforts for utilities and rural housing initiatives. The agency requires the
businesses, utilities and nonprofits it funds to estimate the number of jobs
they expect to "create or save." USDA officials use those figures as proof that
the programs are working. But until recently, they didn't verify that the jobs
existed or track what they paid.

"You may create jobs in an undeveloped area, and that's good," said Thomas G.
Johnson, a University of Missouri economist who is helping the USDA develop a
more sophisticated tool for measuring the impact of its business programs. "But
you may also displace workers at another, similar business. So what you really
want to know is the number of net new jobs."

In 2004, Mickey Buffaloe discovered that the USDA had guaranteed a $4.2 million
loan to a developer to build a 10-screen multiplex theater just a mile and a
half from his older theater in Smithfield, N.C. The retired firefighter had
purchased the  Howell Theater, built in 1935, several years earlier with a
private bank loan.

After the new theater opened, Buffaloe said that his income dropped by more than
half and that he had trouble getting first-run movies. He was forced to convert
to a discount theater offering second-run shows.

Buffaloe, 51, complained to USDA officials that the federal government was
helping to put him out of business. But he didn't get very far. "They basically
handed me a package to fill out and said they would see about doing a loan with
me," he said. "The way I figure, if my business goes under, I lose, and my tax
dollars are going to help my competitor."

Buffaloe attempted to get the developer's application under the Freedom of
Information Act but was told it would cost him $843, money he didn't have. The
multiplex's owner projected that it would create 45 jobs, but as of this summer,
it was averaging about 25, according to the USDA.

Three-fourths of the jobs that the USDA attributes to its guaranteed-loan
program are "saved," not new, a Post analysis found. Missouri's Johnson said
such loans may serve "as a bridge to fight another day" but they do not help
revitalize rural economies. "If your purpose is a development program, it should
be to transform the economy, not to fill in the dips in the economy," he said.

Often the loans create or save few jobs for the money. The Savannah Inn of
Carolina Beach, N.C., estimated that it would save five jobs with its $1.3
million guaranteed loan  -- $260,000 per job. The loan was to help the
beachfront motel to stay open year-round. The owners declined to comment.

Many of the "saved" or "created" jobs are part-time or seasonal, or pay minimum
wage or slightly above.

The USDA recently backed a $4.5 million loan to Wild Water & Wheels, a water
park near Myrtle Beach, S.C. Owner Mark Lazarus said the park is a seasonal
operation with "about 150 employees" in season and "about 10" employees in
winter. "The wages average anywhere from $6 to $10" an hour, he said, "depending
where they work. It's mostly high school students. High school and college."

The Prime Shine Car Wash in Milford, Del., got a guarantee on a $1.4 million
loan in 2003 after the owners said they needed the money to save two jobs and
create two others.

"It's like flipping burgers and making minimum wage," said Jim Waters, a USDA
official who oversees business programs in Delaware. "What you have is college
kids and high school kids working on Saturday. And maybe a dad who's lost his
job. But at the same time, we're reaching a segment of the economic scale where
people need somewhere to go."

The car wash's owners did not return calls. They have since paid off the loan.

Aid for Snowmobilers

In Maine, the USDA is using rural development aid to fund dozens of snowmobile
clubs.

Over the past eight years, the agency has awarded nearly $1.4 million to 47
snowmobile clubs to buy equipment to maintain paths. The checks came from the
Rural Business Enterprise Grants program, which seeks to aid rural communities
with populations below 5,000.

"The snowmobile industry is vital to Maine's winter economy," said Michael W.
Aube, the USDA's rural development director based in Bangor. "It has a
tremendous economic impact on local communities."

Aube cited figures from the snowmobile clubs stating that the grants would
"impact" 342 businesses, "equating to 115 jobs created, 708 jobs saved." Maine
officials have not done their own research into the claims. Aube said the
businesses affected included nearby gas stations, convenience stores, motels,
restaurants and clothing outlets. "My guess is most of these jobs are going to
be at minimum-wage level," he said.

Still, he said, the grants are "critical" to help the towns survive the tough
Maine winters. "There's not a lot of economic activity in some of these local
communities for the people hanging around in winter," Aube said. "We've done
those families a big favor."

Since 2001, the enterprise grant program has awarded more than $265 million
nationally. Money has gone to a maple-sugar trade group in Vermont, to repair
docks near Mystic Seaport in Connecticut and to a beach resort in New Jersey.

Borrower's Checkered Past

 Over the years, thousands of businesses large and small have lined up to take
advantage of the USDA's generous grant and loan programs for rural America. Few
have been busier than Erwin David Rabhan, a colorful 81-year-old entrepreneur
with a long and checkered career that stretches from his family farm in Georgia
to Swaziland to Iran.

In the 1960s, Rabhan operated a string of nursing homes and day-care centers. A
pilot, he ferried Jimmy Carter around in his private plane during Carter's
campaign for Georgia governor in 1970 and later was a guest at the governor's
mansion.

In 1978, Rabhan was indicted on securities fraud charges. But the case was put
on hold after Rabhan was accused by Iran of being a spy, an allegation he
denies, and was jailed in that country in the early 1980s. He was in prison for
nearly a decade until he was released with Carter's help.

Many of Rabhan's ventures ran into trouble: A fish-protein company went out of
business, a bank foreclosed on his nursing homes and day-care centers, his plan
to build an infant-formula plant in Africa stumbled. Nevertheless, Rabhan easily
succeeded in getting the USDA to back two loans totaling nearly $15 million.

Rabhan quickly defaulted on the loans, and the government has paid off millions
in guarantees to the banks that lent him the money. In 2002, Rabhan pleaded
guilty to conspiracy to commit bank fraud involving a $5 million guaranteed loan
to build a catfish-processing plant in Georgia. He spent 4 1/2   years in
federal prison. In 2006, Rabhan was indicted in Mississippi on charges involving
a $9.5 million USDA-guaranteed loan to purchase a catfish farm near Inverness.
He denies the charges and is awaiting his trial, scheduled for March.

On at least two occasions, lower-level USDA employees questioned Rabhan's
business activities but were ignored by their superiors, records show. Agency
officials did no due diligence on their own, relying exclusively on the banks to
investigate Rabhan. At least one of the banks failed to uncover Rabhan's 1978
indictment and business struggles.

Even though top USDA officials were aware of allegations involving Rabhan's
past, they decided to back his loans. "We were hoping the bank had the expertise
to make all of these investigative inquiries," said Howard Franklin, a former
director of USDA business programs in Georgia.

Foreign Farmworkers

In Glennville, Ga., the USDA backed a $17 million loan for a farm that the
Justice Department later accused of turning away American workers.

Delbert Bland, the owner of Bland Farms, the largest grower of Vidalia onions in
the nation, said he began hiring Mexican field hands about two years before he
received a USDA guaranteed loan in 1998. Bland said it was impossible to find
enough workers. "Absolutely, I can't get local help," he said.

Bland turned to a federal program that allows farms to use temporary foreign
help so long as they consider American workers first. He said he has used
"anywhere from 400 to 600" foreign workers.

In 2001, a number of longtime black and Hispanic workers at Bland Farms filed a
complaint with the Justice Department contending that the business rejected them
"due to the presence and preference" for foreign workers, court records show.
The workers alleged that Bland didn't like using American workers because they
complained about their wages and working conditions.

"It's ironic," said Dawson Morton, a lawyer for the Georgia Legal Services
Program, which represented the American workers. "The purpose is to create jobs
for Americans, and they get rejected."

Bland said that there simply were not enough local workers and that the charges
were exaggerated. In December 2001, his company settled with the Justice
Department, agreeing to pay a $15,000 fine and about $62,000 in compensation to
the American workers.

Bland filed for bankruptcy protection but has since recovered and says his
business is thriving. He has paid off his loan and still employs hundreds of
Mexican laborers on his sprawling farm, for $7 to $8 an hour. For this year's
harvest, he sent 14 Greyhound buses to Mexico to pick up laborers, he said.

Jobs for Guatemalans

The owners of Aztec Environmental projected that they would save 210 jobs and
create eight when USDA officials agreed to back two loans in 2003 and 2004
totaling more than $1.6 million.

Aztec specialized in bidding for government contracts and was aided by
designations as a minority business enterprise and as a woman-owned business.
Operating out of an office in Panama City, a beach resort of 37,000 on the
Florida Panhandle, the company won millions in contracts for environmental
cleanups at military bases, records and interviews show.

"The last good year we had was about $22 million," said Debbie Livingston, who
owned Aztec with her husband, Jimmy. "About 95 percent of that was government."

Aztec relied heavily on foreign workers, especially from Central America. "When
we were in full swing, we had 125 employees working in five different states,"
Livingston said. "Most of them came from Guatemala. We had supervisors who hired
them. I couldn't speak Spanish."

Livingston said she tried to hire locals but had trouble finding workers. "In
asbestos removal, you have to work a lot of nights and weekends, and a lot of
Americans don't like to work nights and weekends," she said. "Spanish people,
they never fuss about how long they work as long as they get paid their
overtime."

Turnover was high, Livingston said, with workers usually staying 30 to 90 days.
She said she checked their papers to make sure they were in the United States
legally, "but if they were forged or faked, that wasn't my job."

In 2003, immigration authorities reviewed Aztec files and identified four
illegal immigrants, whom Livingston fired. Two years later, the Air Force moved
to bar Aztec from bidding on government contracts, alleging that it dumped
"improperly bagged asbestos into unmarked dumpsters" and employed "many illegal
aliens," according to court records and investigative files.

Aztec denied the charges and challenged the Air Force's claims in federal court.
After being debarred for about a year, the company was allowed again to bid on
government contracts. But by then it was too late, according to Livingston. "We
were already in the hole so far, it was impossible to get back up," she said.
"The bank has liquidated everything we own. It's not enough. Eventually we'll
have to file bankruptcy."

Research editor Alice Crites contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: DC

GRAPHIC: IMAGE
IMAGE; By Ricky Carioti -- The Washington Post; "You know, some people could
argue a job at minimum wage is better than no job at all," said William Hagy,
the USDA's deputy administrator for business programs.
IMAGE
IMAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             205 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 15, 1982, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

POLISH LOAN CLAIMS UP $52 MILLION

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 16, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 452 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 14


The Agriculture Department has received claims from American banks for an
additional $52 million of reimbursement for federally guaranteed farm commodity
loans to Poland now overdue, a Commodity Credit Corporation offical said today.

This brings to $190 million the total claimed since February, when the Reagan
Administration decided not to declare Poland in default on these loans.

Of the $190 million, a total of $177 million has actually been paid to the banks
from the Commodity Credit Corporation, the department's $20 billion revolving
fund, said Lester LeCompte, the credit corporation official in charge of foreign
transactions.

The $52 million in claims was divided among 10 American banks and a grain
exporting company. Among the banks claiming principal only were: the European
American Bank and Trust Company, Chemical Bank, Irving Trust and Morgan Guaranty
Trust Company, all of New York; First National of Chicago, Girard Trust of
Philadelphia, Bank of America, and Riggs National Bank of Washington. Marine
Midland of New York claimed both principal and interest. The Continental Grain
Company claimed interest only.

$116 Million in Commodity Loans

In addition to the Government-guaranteed loans made through private American
banks, Poland was overdue, as of April 1, on an additional $116 million in
principal and interest on direct farm commodity loans made through the Commodity
Credit Corporation, Mr. LeCompte said.

There was a sharp drop-off in the guaranteed loan amounts that came due in May
and will be due this month, a total of about $10 million for the two months. But
in July, the amount rises to $26 million and in August, $25 million will be due
the private banks by Poland.

Poland has outstanding from the Treasury, through the Commodity Credit
Corporation, about $540 million in principal on direct credit loans. Poland also
still has debt outstanding of $664 million from the private banks that are
guranteed by the credit corporation.

In calling in a guaranteed loan, a private bank has the option of including the
interest due, which the credit corporation reimburses at a rate of 8 percent. Or
the bank may ask only for the principal due, of which the credit corporation
pays 98 percent. Then the bank may attempt to collect later the full rate of
interest it charged on the guaranteed loan.

By reimbursing the banks, the Government assumes reponsibility for collecting
the overdue payments. It will continue to press for payment as long as it
considers Poland not in default, Mr. LeCompte said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             206 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             March 4, 1999 Thursday

BYLINE: Mark Hanson

LENGTH: 626 words


The North Dakota Bankers Association, which hands out a majority of the Farm
Service Agency guaranteed farm loans in the state, is looking for Congress to
step forward with more money for the program. More farms are going to FSA for
funding, but the agency is running out of money. One step in that process
happened earlier this week when the House passed a measure that would make as
much as $500 million available to guaranteed loans. The money is part of the
Beginning Farmers and Ranchers program and would be freed up 30 days earlier
than normal to be used as a guarantee for a bank lending money to a producer.

The Senate will now consider the measure. But more money is needed. President
Clinton has a proposal on the table that would provide $1.1 billion in direct
loans or loan guarantees for an estimated 10,000 producers who can't get credit
from private sources. ""From what FSA has told us, we need about another $45
million,'' said Bryan Strommen, chairman of the NDBA's agriculture committee
representing the First State Bank of North Dakota in Arthur. President Clinton's
proposal will be heard before the Senate Appropriations Committee today. It's
not yet scheduled to be heard in the House. ""We're hoping we can get this moved
very quickly,'' said Sen. Byron Dorgan, D-N.D. ""We need better prices, but what
this does is provide operating loans for the spring. In both good times and bad,
farmers need loans to put a crop in.'' A spokeswoman for Rep. Earl Pomeroy,
D-N.D., said there isn't a state-by-state breakout available yet for how the
loan guarantee money will be distributed.

Honey production up North Dakota Beekeepers produced 29.4 million pounds of
honey last year, up 20 percent from 1997.It's the state's second-highest
production, ranking behind 1994's crop of 32.4 million pounds, according to the
North Dakota Agricultural Statistics Service. North Dakota ranked second in the
nation behind California's 37.4 million pounds. Yield per colony in the state
averaged 128 pounds, up from 100 in 1997. Prices, however, averaged 63 cents per
pound, which is down from 1997's price of 74 cents and the lowest since that
1994 crop of 48 cents per pound.

Notes and quotes þ Tom Jewett has been named state conservationist by the
Natural Resources Conservation Service. He begins March 14. Wayne Duckwitz has
been named manager for the Bismarck Plant Materials Center. þ Many people
compare the farm situation of today to the crisis that hit during the 1980s. A
Successful Farming magazine survey, though, found one big difference between now
and then: Farm women appear to be more stressed this time around. Women are also
reporting greater disenchantment with farming, while more than 15 percent said
they experience overwhelming feelings of sadness, according to the survey. þ The
North Dakota Stockmen's Association is offering two scholarships. A $1,000 award
is available for a student accepted or enrolled in an accredited veterinary
school. And a $500 award is available for a college sophomore majoring in a form
of agriculture. For more information, call the NDSA at 223-2522. þ The KUMV-TV
Farm and Ranch Show is set for March 17-18 in the Raymond Family Community
Center in Williston. The event is free. Hours are 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. March 17 and
10 a.m. to 5 p.m. March 18. þ Lynn Svangstu of Crosby was awarded the North
Dakota Pork Producers' Pork All-American Award at the group's annual meeting.
Svangstu has a 620-sow operation that produces about 11,500 feeder pigs each
year. þ TEAM Leafy Spurge will host Spurgefest '99 June 29 through July 1 in
Medora. The event will feature research, demonstration sites, speakers,
informational presentations and a flea beetle give-away. For more information,
call 406-482-9403.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1999 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             207 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             March 4, 1999 Thursday

BYLINE: Mark Hanson

LENGTH: 626 words


The North Dakota Bankers Association, which hands out a majority of the Farm
Service Agency guaranteed farm loans in the state, is looking for Congress to
step forward with more money for the program. More farms are going to FSA for
funding, but the agency is running out of money. One step in that process
happened earlier this week when the House passed a measure that would make as
much as $500 million available to guaranteed loans. The money is part of the
Beginning Farmers and Ranchers program and would be freed up 30 days earlier
than normal to be used as a guarantee for a bank lending money to a producer.

The Senate will now consider the measure. But more money is needed. President
Clinton has a proposal on the table that would provide $1.1 billion in direct
loans or loan guarantees for an estimated 10,000 producers who can't get credit
from private sources. ""From what FSA has told us, we need about another $45
million,'' said Bryan Strommen, chairman of the NDBA's agriculture committee
representing the First State Bank of North Dakota in Arthur. President Clinton's
proposal will be heard before the Senate Appropriations Committee today. It's
not yet scheduled to be heard in the House. ""We're hoping we can get this moved
very quickly,'' said Sen. Byron Dorgan, D-N.D. ""We need better prices, but what
this does is provide operating loans for the spring. In both good times and bad,
farmers need loans to put a crop in.'' A spokeswoman for Rep. Earl Pomeroy,
D-N.D., said there isn't a state-by-state breakout available yet for how the
loan guarantee money will be distributed.

Honey production up North Dakota Beekeepers produced 29.4 million pounds of
honey last year, up 20 percent from 1997.It's the state's second-highest
production, ranking behind 1994's crop of 32.4 million pounds, according to the
North Dakota Agricultural Statistics Service. North Dakota ranked second in the
nation behind California's 37.4 million pounds. Yield per colony in the state
averaged 128 pounds, up from 100 in 1997. Prices, however, averaged 63 cents per
pound, which is down from 1997's price of 74 cents and the lowest since that
1994 crop of 48 cents per pound.

Notes and quotes þ Tom Jewett has been named state conservationist by the
Natural Resources Conservation Service. He begins March 14. Wayne Duckwitz has
been named manager for the Bismarck Plant Materials Center. þ Many people
compare the farm situation of today to the crisis that hit during the 1980s. A
Successful Farming magazine survey, though, found one big difference between now
and then: Farm women appear to be more stressed this time around. Women are also
reporting greater disenchantment with farming, while more than 15 percent said
they experience overwhelming feelings of sadness, according to the survey. þ The
North Dakota Stockmen's Association is offering two scholarships. A $1,000 award
is available for a student accepted or enrolled in an accredited veterinary
school. And a $500 award is available for a college sophomore majoring in a form
of agriculture. For more information, call the NDSA at 223-2522. þ The KUMV-TV
Farm and Ranch Show is set for March 17-18 in the Raymond Family Community
Center in Williston. The event is free. Hours are 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. March 17 and
10 a.m. to 5 p.m. March 18. þ Lynn Svangstu of Crosby was awarded the North
Dakota Pork Producers' Pork All-American Award at the group's annual meeting.
Svangstu has a 620-sow operation that produces about 11,500 feeder pigs each
year. þ TEAM Leafy Spurge will host Spurgefest '99 June 29 through July 1 in
Medora. The event will feature research, demonstration sites, speakers,
informational presentations and a flea beetle give-away. For more information,
call 406-482-9403.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1999 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             208 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Asia News Network (ANN)

                              June 6, 2016 Monday

Thailand's BAAC to lend US$2b to SMEs

BYLINE: Somluck Srimalee

LENGTH: 441  words


The Bank for Agriculture and Agricultural Cooperatives (BAAC) believes it will
be able to provide 72 billion baht (US$2 billion) worth of special loans to
small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) under the "oeOne Tambon, One
Agriculture" programme by March 31 next year.

BAAC executive vice president Predermchai Jansena told a news conference that
the bank had already approved loans worth 12.5 billion baht under the programme
as of May 31 after its launch in February. The funding went to 2,701 agriculture
SMEs in 2,701 tambon (local government unit).

"When the project is complete on March 31, 2017, it will cover 7,305 tambon," he
said.

The loans charge a special interest rate of 4 per cent for the first seven
years. The Thai Credit Guarantee Corporation (TCG) guarantees the loans in case
farmers do not have sufficient assets to qualify for a loan.

TCG president Nitid Manoonporn said the corporation had already guaranteed 2.7
billion baht worth of loans for agriculture SMEs, 1.6 billion baht of the total
approved between January 1 and May 31.

"We target guaranteeing at least 5 billion baht worth of loans under this
project by the end of this year," he said.

In total, the TCG targets guarantees for at least 85 billion baht in lending
this year, he added.

Phairot Pitipantarat, owner of Suan La Mai, an eco-tourist enterprise in Rayong
province, said his business got a loan from the BAAC worth 5 million baht under
the One Tambon, One Agriculture project. The money was used to buy fruits from
farmers to sell to tourists visiting his farm under its "Fruits Buffet" campaign
that started on April 27 and will run until August 14.

"Our farm cannot produce enough fruits to satisfy the demand of our customers,
so we opened the opportunity for other farms nearby to sell their products to
us.

We spend an average of 3 million baht every week to buy fruits from farmers," he
said.

Needing cash to buy these fruits, Phairot applied for a 5-million-baht loan from
the BAAC guaranteed by the TCG when his assets fell short of what was needed to
borrow from a commercial bank.

Normally, Suan La Mai buys fruits from 53 farmers in Rayong province worth a
total of 11 million baht a year. This year, Phairot forecasts a fruit-purchase
budget of at least 15 million baht, as the Fruits Buffet campaign is predicted
to double the number of tourists to 150,000 from last year's figure.

Pradermchai said: "We provided a loan to Suan La Mai because the business has
potential under the new model to turn traditional farmers into eco-tourist
farmers, and Suan La Mai also creates jobs for farmers located nearby."

US$1 = 35.20 baht as of 6/6/2016 via oanda.com

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 2075


                       Copyright 2016 Asia News Network.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             209 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

'Payment-In-Kind' Not So Kind to All

                           November 15, 1983, Tuesday

Richard Ringer


This year's Payment-In-Kind program for farmers was anything but kind to many
farm-related businesses.

Agricultural services businesses from fertilizer and seed ditributors to crop
dusters to equipment dealers were financially hurt by the reduction in normal
crop production brought on by PIK.

As farmers planted less acreage (their paymet for participating in PIK was in an
amount of a commodity usually planted), the volume of services and products sold
by these agriculture-related businesses nosedived.

Bank of America estimates that nationally these farm-related businesses will
loose between $6 billion and $7 billion in sales this year alone.And most of
those businesses are small companies.

In addition, BofA said that many of the same businesses suffered weak or
declining sales over the past several years as a result of declining farm
income.

Teamed with SBA

To assist these farm-related businesses, BofA has teamed with the Small Business
Administration in offering a special loan program to help them meet their
current obligations.

Dubbed PIK-PACK, the program offers guaranteed loans of up to $150,000 to the
farm-related businesses that can prove they have been hurt by the PIK program.

BofA books the loans with 90% of their value being guaranteed by the SBA.  BofA
requires the loans be repaid within five years.  The interest rate, adjusted
quarterly, is 1.5% above the low New York prime rate.

Loan proceeds may be used to finance inventory and equipment, meeting accounts
payable, carrying accounts receivable, bringing term debt payments current, or
financing operating expenses.

Cecil Byrd, vice president and senior credit officer in BofA's community
development office, said the program predictably generated considerable
enthusiasm within California, one of the largest agricultural states.

While loan figures weren't available, Mr. Byrd said he "expects most of the [
loan] activity to come in the latter part of the year or early next year."

BofA and the SBA are also attempting to spotlight the program in the hope that
other commercial banks would set up a similar program with the SBA.

SECTION: AGRIBUSINESS REVIEW; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 361 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1983 American Banker, Inc.


                             210 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                           November 20, 2004 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Bank pays $16 million settlement;
A class-action lawsuit, including about 700 borrowers, still is pending.

BYLINE: Michael Baker, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 337 words


A bank with several Oklahoma locations has paid $16 million to the federal
government as part of a settlement approved Friday in federal court in Oklahoma
City.

Gold Banc Corp. Inc., which does business as Gold Bank, paid the money to
resolve claims the bank improperly charged excessive fees to borrowers and
inflated the interest rates charged on federally guaranteed agricultural loans.

The company still faces a class-action lawsuit which about 700 borrowers filed,
said Mark Bonner, attorney representing the class.

Bonner said a specific amount borrowers claim they lost has not been determined,
but it could be more than what the government recovered.

The settlement which U.S. District Judge David L. Russell approved Friday after
Gold Banc wired the funds to a government account deals only with the money the
U.S. Farm Service Agency lost.

"Today's settlement represents the largest single settlement recovered on behalf
of the United States in this district," said Robert G. McCampbell, U.S. attorney
for the Western District of Oklahoma.

In settlement papers, the company denied any wrongdoing.

"We are pleased to put this matter behind us," Gold Banc Chief Executive Officer
Mick Aslin said in a statement the company released.

"The settlement removes the question of our legal exposure. ... We are convinced
that this disposition is in the best interest of our shareholders, customers and
associates."

The Kansas-based Gold Banc provides banking services at 40 locations in Kansas,
Missouri, Oklahoma and Florida and "is the largest Farm Service Agency
guaranteed lender in the state of Oklahoma," according to the company's Web
site.

The claims against the company arose when a former farmer and loan customer,
Roger Ediger, filed a lawsuit against the company about two years ago.

Ediger claimed the company inflated borrowing fees and interest rates on loans
the Farm Service Agency guaranteed.

The practice resulted in Gold Banc submitting false claims for payment to the
United States, according to the U.S. Attorney's Office.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2004 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             211 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

FSLIC Rescue Plan Studied by US: Bad Economics, but Good Politics

                           December 1, 1988, Thursday

By JIM McTAGUE and ROBERT M. GARSSON, Washington Bureau

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Any government bailout of the insolvent Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corp.
that is modeled after the mid-1980s' rescue of the Farm Credit System won't make
much economic sense, according to most thrift analysts.

It does make eminent political sense, however, the analysts lament. That reason
alone gives the concept strong currency in the capital.

The Treasury Department, now firmly under the control of Nicholas Brady and
other Bush appointees, has a broad study of the FSLIC under way, and a Farm
Credit System approach is one of the models being considered, Treasury sources
said. However, the study is still in the "number crunching" stage, according to
these sources.

In the weeks leading up to the election, senior Bush campaign officials said
they were looking closely at the idea. More recently, a bipartisan group headed
by former presidents Jimmy Carter and Gerald Ford also endorsed an FSLIC plan
that used the Farm Credit System rescue as a starting point. This week, Federal
Home Loan Bank Board Chairman M. Danny Wall gave his blessing to a similarly
constructed rescue plan.

Three important features of the Farm Credit System rescue will make it hard for
the Bush administration and the next Congress to resist as it attempts to bail
out the FSLIC.

First, the transaction for the most part would not be counted in the budget.
This is particularly attractive considering the all-important ceilings mandated
by the Gramm-Rudman-Hollings budget-balancing law.

Second, this type of plan has already passed congressional muster more than
once. It was the basis of the Chrysler Corp. bailout as well as the Farm Credit
rescue. Most of the members of the 100th Congress who approved the Farm Credit
System rescue in 1987 will be returning to Capitol Hill. Since fast action is
called for, a plan familiar to the lawmakers will be the easiest to sell.

Third, the Farm Credit System rescue calls for the agricultural lending agency
to use all of its own capital first and eventually to pay back any government
assistance. In an era when people are being booted off welfare, it is unlikely
that Congress and the administration will want to appear to be giving the thrift
industry a free ride.

Critics Cite Plan's Cost

A plan that circumvents the Office of Management and Budget is a godsend at a
time when President-elect Bush has pledged to reduce the federal budget deficit
from about $134 billion to $100 billion.

But critics argue that the approach lacks economic sense because it is more
expensive. Tax money, they claim, is less expensive than borrowed money - even
if the bonds issued by the agency to raise the funds are fully guaranteed.

In fact, Farm Credit Corporation Assistance Bonds, which are guaranteed by the
Treasury, sell at spreads of 33 to 43 basis points over Treasury bonds.

"Why not seek the least-cost method? Adding to the cost is inappropriate," said
R. Dan Brumbaugh, a thrift industry expert based in San Francisco.

Mr. Bush is likely to view any cost differential favorably. Using tax money for
the FSLIC would swell the deficit overnight to about $180 billion.  Though some
economists feel Mr. Bush could handle the problem on budget without raising
taxes, they believe he will be loath to try.

Eric Hemel, who follows the thrift industry for First Boston Corp., said any
FSLIC plan that borrows heavily from the approach used to salvage the Farm
Credit System would be "a joke" and would greatly harm the thrift industry. Mr.
Hemel, a former chief economist for the Bank Board, said it is unlikely that the
industry will ever recover enough from its current ills to be able to repay all
the aid required for the FSLIC.

This fact is so evident to the stock market that even the inference of a
repayment plan is enough to depress S&L equity prices, he said.

Bush Team Looks at 2 Models

The Bush campaign officials, who will almost certainly play a role in the next
administration, said they were looking at two complementary models for an FSLIC
rescue.

The first was the $10.8 billion recapitalization of the deposit insurance fund
enacted in 1987. That bill provided an industry-financed solution, albeit one
that was widely regarded as inadequate at the time it was passed.

The Financing Corp., or Fico, was authorized to borrow up to $10.8 billion over
three years. Repayment of principal was to be guaranteed by zero coupon bonds
purchased with capital from the district Home Loan banks. Interest was to be
repaid from the deposit premiums paid into the FSLIC.

The second model was the Farm Credit System bailout, passed by Congress in 1987
and signed into law in January. That package also relied on new system borrowing
but added some features that distinguished that rescue from the FSLIC package.

System institutions were required to exhaust their own capital before applying
for new funds. The bill authorized a new agency, the Farm Credit Assistance
Corp., with up to $4 billion in bonding authority that, unlike the FSLIC bonds,
were explicitly government guaranteed.

Taken together, the two models suggest an approach in which industry resources
would be used in a new recapitalization backed by federal guarantees and some
federal assistance.

The Bush campaign officials pointed in particular to the interest sharing
provision of the Farm Credit model as a key element to a new FSLIC plan.

Problems 'Remarkably Similar'

Others point out that the Farm Credit model would provide a precedent for giving
Fico the power to issue government-guaranteed bonds. Weldon Barton, a farm bank
lobbyist for the Independent Bankers Association of America, said the Farm
Credit model is particularly applicable to the S&L industry problems.

"The Farm Credit System and the S&L industry - and their problems - are
remarkably similar," said Mr. Barton. "Each is a loose conglomeration of
hundreds of local lending institutions serving more or less a special class of
borrowers: farmers and home buyers."

In each case, he added, local lenders "operate within the domain of one of 12
major regional banks, and under the tutelage of a national regulatory agency
that has traditionally acted as a friendly supervisor and promoter or its
entourage of local lenders." But many others familiar with the thrift crisis and
the overall budget deficit dilemma are reluctant to jump on the bandwagon.

"As a general principle, it's not likely to get us out of the problem," said
Frederick D. Wolfe, director of accounting and financial management for the
General Accounting Office.

The Farm Credit System model, he said, "implies that somebody is going to be
able to pay back" any funds made available by the federal government.

"There just isn't enough money," Mr. Wolfe added.  Dennis Jacobe, an economist
for the U.S. League of Savings Institutions, the nation's largest thrift trade
group, said the off-balance-sheet approach was undesirable because it would
diminish the incentive of lawmakers to revitalize the entire deposit insurance
system.

"I think people want to defer the decision," he said.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1186 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1988 American Banker, Inc.


                             212 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Farmers, Lenders Seek Steadier Aid in '02 Bill

                             July 3, 2001, Tuesday

BY BEN JACKSON



Congress is preparing to debate the 2002 farm bill, and farmers and their
bankers have spent weeks preparing their wish lists.

Topping both groups' agendas: more predictability in government assistance.

Both say they are grateful lawmakers have approved $30 billion of emergency aid
over the last four years to bail out cash-strapped farmers and ranchers feeling
the effects of near-record lows in crop prices. But they said they want more
consistent support and an end to the nail-biting that comes at the close of each
crop year as Congress decides whether or not to approve emergency aid.

Commodity-support programs "must ensure a reasonable level of cash flow and
producer income," Leland Swenson, president of the National Farmers Union, told
a Senate committee in June.

In their testimony before the House late last month, bankers asked for
essentially the same thing. They also seek more resources, they said, to fund
beginning farmers and programs to aid rural economic development.

House Agriculture Committee Chairman Larry Combest, R-Tex., has vowed to have a
bill out of committee by the August recess. The legislation would replace the
1996 Freedom to Farm Act, which expires at yearend.

The American Bankers Association conducted a listening tour of rural banks from
January to May, and used its findings as the basis for its recommendations on
the next farm bill. Bankers the trade group spoke with wanted assurance that the
money would be available at the end of the crop year for farmers in trouble,
said Terry Hague, chief executive officer of $78 million-asset Farmers Exchange
Bank in Cherokee, Okla.

Dale Leighty, president of $100 million-asset First National Bank of Las Animas
in Las Animas, Colo., said farmers need assured payments to counter a "triple
whammy" of low prices, high energy, and input costs, and "an unlevel playing
field in the international trade arena."

"I believe what everyone is trying to achieve is a greater degree of
predictability so that farmers and their lenders don't have to rely on annual,
ad-hoc disaster packages," said Mr. Leighty, who represented the Independent
Community Bankers of America in testimony before the House committee.

Mr. Hague also recommended that the Farm Service Agency's guaranteed loans
receive more funding and have specialized offices for loan servicing, and that
Congress repeal the 15-year limit on guaranteed loan eligibility.

Many bankers believe Congress could further help farmers by passing legislation
to create special accounts for ranchers that would help them save to get through
lean times. The accounts -- called Fisherman, Farmer and Rancher Risk Management
accounts -- would let producers defer taxes on 20% of their income for five
years to encourage to save during good times so they can get through bad years.
The current bill in the Senate, which was proposed by Sen. Charles Grassley,
R-Iowa, includes a five-year restriction, but the ICBA is lobbying for a bill
without a time limit.

Bankers also want more help in raising money to get new farmers into the
business. Banks can give credit to start-up farms under a program that allows
the loans to be made under the state's revenue bond authority. These loans are
issued as federally tax-exempt bonds, or "aggie bonds." The 15 states that issue
the bonds are limited in the amount of state revenue they can use toward them.
Bankers want aggie bonds removed from the federal revenue bond volume caps on
states.

"Aggie bonds compete with other state bonding priorities and frequently do not
receive top priority," Mr. Hague testified. "More credit could be made available
by banks to more beginning farmers if aggie bonds were exempted from state
bonding caps."

These two groups wanted more than just aid for agriculture. The bankers and
farmers also wanted Congress to help diversify rural America's economy. Mr.
Swenson said Congress should put more money into USDA rural development
programs, expand the Department of Agriculture's preferred-lender program, and
provide grants or loans for rural communities to invest in technology.

The bankers opposed any increase in loan fees on the Department of Agriculture's
Business and Industry guaranteed loans. They also argued that increasing deposit
insurance would help rural banks maintain core deposits. Concern for rural
America stems from a recognition that farmers need off-farm income, they said.

"More and more families appear to be relying on off-farm income to support the
farming enterprise," Mr. Leighty said. He cited Agriculture Department
statistics that show 90% of total household income on farms comes from off-farm
sources.

And both banking groups opposed any expansion of the Farm Credit System's
lending powers. They said the system no longer served family farms and had an
unfair competitive advantage as a government-sponsored enterprise.

Mr. Swenson told the Senate he had his doubts about national charters. There
might be short-term benefits in reduced interest rates and loan fees for
borrowers, he said, but in the long run, system consolidations could bring
"greater disparity in credit availability and borrowing costs among
different-sized farm operators."

Copyright c 2001 Thomson Financial. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 885 words

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 American Banker, Inc.


                             213 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           October 29, 1983 Saturday

Questions remain on White Farm sale

BYLINE: ANN SILVERSIDES; GAM

LENGTH: 1450 words


By  ANN SILVERSIDES
   After months of uncertainty, an agreement was signed yesterday for the
 sale of White Farm Equipment Ltd. of Brantford, Ont., between the receiver
 and Borg-Warner Acceptance (Canada) Ltd. of Toronto, a finance subsidiary
 of a U.S. conglomerate.

The selling price is estimated to be $8-million to $9-million.

Nonetheless, the White Farm saga continues - focusing attention on key
 issues that include government involvement in industry, foreign ownership,
 the exploitation of Canadian technology, and tensions between Central and
 Western Canada. Several concerns remain about the company's recent past
 and future.

Foremost among them is: What will happen to White Farm - a company that
 once employed 1,200 and had annual sales of more than $150-million. Some
 observers fear Borg-Warner's involvement will last only long enough for
 the finance company to reduce its exposure, and that White will be on the
 block again in a year or two.

Borg-Warner has financed $60-million worth of White Farm inventory in
 Canada and $200-million worth of inventory in the United States. (The
 company provides wholesale financing to dealers so the manufacturer can be
 paid.)
    "Sure, I have some reservations and concerns on the long term, but
 those feelings are based on gut feelings and past experience. But you must
 judge on what is before you, and that (Borg-Warner's) was the best offer
 to keep White intact," federal Industry Minister Edward Lumley said in an
 interview.

Other questions include the nature of the new company's relationship
 with White Farm Equipment Co. of Oakbrook, Ill., White's ability to rehire
 personnel who played a key role in the development of axial-flow combine
 technology, and the ultimate location of plant operations.

Borg-Warner has said, that when the deal is closed, manufacturing of
 parts - the most profitable aspect of the operation - will begin in
 Brantford and, when market conditions permit, combine production will
 follow. White Farm dealers are lobbying for a combine assembly operation
 in the west, which would be closer to markets and cut down on freight
 charges.

A lingering concern is why Borg-Warner, which seems to have a vested
 interest in continued operations at White Farm, did not take steps to
 prevent the receivership, and why it took so long to make an acceptable
 bid. Borg-Warner was involved in at least four earlier bids that were
 rejected by the receiver, and the lengthy period of uncertainty means that
 the 1984 selling season has been lost.

If the Borg-Warner agreement receives final approval from the Supreme
 Court of Ontario and the Foreign Investment Review Agency - the purchase
 would then be concluded in January - government financial involvement with
 White Farm would likely be over.
    "You can believe we won't be putting any more money into White," Mr.
 Lumley said.
    "There will not be any more ad hoc special treatment for White Farm,"
 said Andrew Croll, executive director of the Ontario Development Corp.
 (The federal Government guaranteed $10.5-million worth of loans to White,
 and the Ontario Government guaranteed $5-million worth.)
    But government involvement of another kind will remain. Mr. Lumley said
 Ottawa has four objectives: that farmers with White equipment are provided
 with a secure supply of equipment and parts; that White's axial-flow
 combine technology, developed with the help of a $2-million federal grant,
 be developed and exploited in Canada; that White's dealer network is
 protected and that manufacturing jobs are maintained in Canada.

When the deal goes to FIRA for approval, Mr. Lumley said he would
 ensure that commitments are included to ensure those objectives are met.
 However, "undertakings" imposed by FIRA have proved difficult to enforce
 in the past.

Borg-Warner has never intended to operate White Farm because it is
 involved in financing other farm equipment makers. Under the agreement
 with Peat Marwick Ltd. of Toronto, Borg-Warner has agreed that prior to
 the closing of the deal it will sell the assets and transfer White shares
 to a Canadian company, as well as helping that company with financing.
 (Two parties that have talked with Borg-Warner and are interested in
 buying White are Durnford House Ltd. of London, Ont., and John Buhler,
 president of Farm King Ltd. of Morden, Man.)
    However, Borg-Warner apparently intends to hold debentures that can be
 converted into common shares, and it is not yet clear how effective
 control of White will be held.

The White Farm Dealers Association of Western Canada is concerned that
 Borg-Warner has not discussed the likely Canadian purchaser with them. "We
 do not like how closed-lipped they have been . . . . A manufacturing plant
 is useless without a dealer network and we hope we will have more
 involvement, since we are much closer to the end user," said Percy
 Schmeiser, head of the association.

The Ontario Government expects White's operations to stay not just in
 Canada, but specifically in Brantford. If White operations are moved,
 "we'll go after them with hammer and tongs," Mr. Croll said.

The federal and Ontario governments became involved with White in 1981,
 when together they guaranteed $15.5-million worth of loans to the
 Canadian-controlled company.

The two governments subsequently disagreed on some points, although Mr.
 Croll said they always shared the concern that the company's axial-flow
 technology, its most valuable asset, remains, along with operations, in
 Canada.

When Ottawa agreed to the sale of White to a U.S. company in the spring
 of 1981, it placed conditions on the sale. One condition was that subject
 to economic conditions, employment levels be maintained. Two months later,
 White was laying off workers.

By March, 1983, White was defaulting on loans. A consultant's report,
 commissioned by Ontario, said that although the company was plagued by
 problems beyond its control, White's management was a detriment.

Specifically, the report said production levels were not consistent
 with sales; there were severe cash flow problems; inventory mix was out of
 balance with market requirements; excessive dealer inventories caused a
 high interest burden and operating expenses were out of whack with lower
 sales.

Who should be blamed for White's troubles is the subject of some
 controversy. Some allege that government covenants placed on White when
 loans were guaranteed created inefficiencies, while others point to Borg-
 Warner's role in the privately owned company, alleging that White's
 finances were unduly strained.

The federal and Ontario governments disagreed again this spring, when
 Ontario put a 90-day hold on the banks' ability to put White Farm in
 receivership, a power written into the Government's loan guarantees.

Mr. Lumley said the holding only delayed the final solution.

Still unclear is the future relationship between White Farm in Canada
 and White Farm Equipment Co. of Oakbrook, Ill. The consultant's report
 recommended that the "weak" U.S. dealer network be replaced with a new
 network, because improved marketing in the United States is vital to White
 Canada's survival and the success of the axial-flow combine. Control of
 parts and services for North America should pass from the United States to
 Canada, the report recommended.

Sequence of events in saga

Sept. 30, 1980: White Motor Corp. of Farmington Hills, Mich., parent of  White
Motor Corp. of Canada, files for reorganization under U.S.  bankruptcy law.
December, 1981: TIC Investment Corp. of Dallas takes over White's farm
equipment operations in the United States.      March, 1981: White Farm
Equipment Co. of Brantford, Ont., a subsidiary  of White Motor Corp. of Canada,
is bought by Linamar Machine Ltd. of  Guelph, Ont., (50.1 per cent) and TIC
Investment (49.9 per cent). The  purchase is assisted by $15.5-million in loan
guarantees from the federal  Government and Ontario Government.      April,
1982: The two governments agree to let TIC buy out Linamar but  set conditions -
that TIC guarantee employment levels in Canada (1,200 at  that time) as long as
market and economic conditions persist and that the  axial-flow combine
technology remain in Canada.      March, 1983: The governments are notified that
White has defaulted on  loans.      June, 1983: White Farm is placed in
receivership.      October, 1983: Peat Marwick Ltd. signs agreement with
Borg-Warner  Acceptance (Canada) Ltd. of Toronto for a going-concern sale of
White  Farm. The receiver rejected bids from Massey Ferguson Ltd. of Toronto for
certain assets, which would have meant liquidation of White; from John  Buhler,
president of Farm King Ltd. of Morden, Man.; from White Farm  Equipment and from
Frank Hasenfratz, president of Linamar.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             214 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                              May 10, 2011 Tuesday

Roundup: Debenhams make loss in Ireland;
Debenham Losses

LENGTH: 388 words



HIGHLIGHT: British fashion retailer Debenhams slipped into the red in Ireland
last year after incurring redundancy costs of 10.66m euros.


News In Brief

## British fashion retailer Debenhams slipped into the red in Ireland last year
after incurring redundancy costs of 10.66m euros. Debenhams Retail (Ireland) Ltd
made a loss after tax of 11.8m euros in the year to the end of August 2010, its
latest accounts show. This compared with a profit of 5.1m euros in 2009.
Debenhams' turnover fell by 9.8 pc to 169.8m euros in Ireland as the effects of
the recession continued to weigh on consumer spending. Stripping out the costs
of its restructuring, Debenhams made an operating loss of 1.4m euros compared
with a surplus of 7.9m euros in 2009. - Irish Times

## The state farm body Teagasc has said that average farm income increased by
48pc last year to 18,000 euros. Launching the results of the national farm
survey Thia Hennessy said that while the increase is substantial, it simply
represents a recovery bringing incomes back in line with 2008. Ms Hennessy said
dairy and tillage farmers benefited significantly from the recovery in global
dairy and grain markets. Incomes on these farms doubled last year. But she said
there was little recovery in cattle and sheep incomes. The majority of farmers
are in this category and incomes here rose only 6pc. Brian Moran of Teagasc said
the average income on the more commercial full-time farms - of which there are
about 30,000 - was about 43,000 euros last year. - RTE

## The Commercial Court has made orders against the former Kilkenny hurler, DJ
Carey, and his partner, Sarah Newman, for the repayment of almost 9.5m euros to
AIB. Lawyers for Mr Carey and for Ms Newman, a former 'dragon' on RTE programme
Dragon's Den, told the court they were consenting to the judgment orders being
sought by the bank against them. In April 2007, AIB offered DJ Carey a mortgage
of almost 8m euros. The loan was secured on properties at the K Club in Co
Kildare and at Mount Juliet in Kilkenny. The borrowings were guaranteed by his
partner, Sarah Newman. DJ Carey in turn guaranteed Ms Newman's mortgage of 1.5m
euros, secured on another property at the K Club. The court heard DJ Carey's
mortgage was in arrears by January this year, and the bank called in the loan.
Ms Newman's loan had gone into what were described as relatively minor arrears
and that too was called in, along with the guarantees each had given. - Irish
Examiner

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             215 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                              May 10, 2011 Tuesday

Roundup: Debenhams make loss in Ireland;
Debenham Losses

LENGTH: 388 words



HIGHLIGHT: British fashion retailer Debenhams slipped into the red in Ireland
last year after incurring redundancy costs of 10.66m euros.


News In Brief

## British fashion retailer Debenhams slipped into the red in Ireland last year
after incurring redundancy costs of 10.66m euros. Debenhams Retail (Ireland) Ltd
made a loss after tax of 11.8m euros in the year to the end of August 2010, its
latest accounts show. This compared with a profit of 5.1m euros in 2009.
Debenhams' turnover fell by 9.8 pc to 169.8m euros in Ireland as the effects of
the recession continued to weigh on consumer spending. Stripping out the costs
of its restructuring, Debenhams made an operating loss of 1.4m euros compared
with a surplus of 7.9m euros in 2009. - Irish Times

## The state farm body Teagasc has said that average farm income increased by
48pc last year to 18,000 euros. Launching the results of the national farm
survey Thia Hennessy said that while the increase is substantial, it simply
represents a recovery bringing incomes back in line with 2008. Ms Hennessy said
dairy and tillage farmers benefited significantly from the recovery in global
dairy and grain markets. Incomes on these farms doubled last year. But she said
there was little recovery in cattle and sheep incomes. The majority of farmers
are in this category and incomes here rose only 6pc. Brian Moran of Teagasc said
the average income on the more commercial full-time farms - of which there are
about 30,000 - was about 43,000 euros last year. - RTE

## The Commercial Court has made orders against the former Kilkenny hurler, DJ
Carey, and his partner, Sarah Newman, for the repayment of almost 9.5m euros to
AIB. Lawyers for Mr Carey and for Ms Newman, a former 'dragon' on RTE programme
Dragon's Den, told the court they were consenting to the judgment orders being
sought by the bank against them. In April 2007, AIB offered DJ Carey a mortgage
of almost 8m euros. The loan was secured on properties at the K Club in Co
Kildare and at Mount Juliet in Kilkenny. The borrowings were guaranteed by his
partner, Sarah Newman. DJ Carey in turn guaranteed Ms Newman's mortgage of 1.5m
euros, secured on another property at the K Club. The court heard DJ Carey's
mortgage was in arrears by January this year, and the bank called in the loan.
Ms Newman's loan had gone into what were described as relatively minor arrears
and that too was called in, along with the guarantees each had given. - Irish
Examiner

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             216 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                              May 10, 2011 Tuesday

Roundup: Debenhams make loss in Ireland;
Debenham Losses

LENGTH: 388 words



HIGHLIGHT: British fashion retailer Debenhams slipped into the red in Ireland
last year after incurring redundancy costs of 10.66m euros.


News In Brief

## British fashion retailer Debenhams slipped into the red in Ireland last year
after incurring redundancy costs of 10.66m euros. Debenhams Retail (Ireland) Ltd
made a loss after tax of 11.8m euros in the year to the end of August 2010, its
latest accounts show. This compared with a profit of 5.1m euros in 2009.
Debenhams' turnover fell by 9.8 pc to 169.8m euros in Ireland as the effects of
the recession continued to weigh on consumer spending. Stripping out the costs
of its restructuring, Debenhams made an operating loss of 1.4m euros compared
with a surplus of 7.9m euros in 2009. - Irish Times

## The state farm body Teagasc has said that average farm income increased by
48pc last year to 18,000 euros. Launching the results of the national farm
survey Thia Hennessy said that while the increase is substantial, it simply
represents a recovery bringing incomes back in line with 2008. Ms Hennessy said
dairy and tillage farmers benefited significantly from the recovery in global
dairy and grain markets. Incomes on these farms doubled last year. But she said
there was little recovery in cattle and sheep incomes. The majority of farmers
are in this category and incomes here rose only 6pc. Brian Moran of Teagasc said
the average income on the more commercial full-time farms - of which there are
about 30,000 - was about 43,000 euros last year. - RTE

## The Commercial Court has made orders against the former Kilkenny hurler, DJ
Carey, and his partner, Sarah Newman, for the repayment of almost 9.5m euros to
AIB. Lawyers for Mr Carey and for Ms Newman, a former 'dragon' on RTE programme
Dragon's Den, told the court they were consenting to the judgment orders being
sought by the bank against them. In April 2007, AIB offered DJ Carey a mortgage
of almost 8m euros. The loan was secured on properties at the K Club in Co
Kildare and at Mount Juliet in Kilkenny. The borrowings were guaranteed by his
partner, Sarah Newman. DJ Carey in turn guaranteed Ms Newman's mortgage of 1.5m
euros, secured on another property at the K Club. The court heard DJ Carey's
mortgage was in arrears by January this year, and the bank called in the loan.
Ms Newman's loan had gone into what were described as relatively minor arrears
and that too was called in, along with the guarantees each had given. - Irish
Examiner

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             217 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                              May 10, 2011 Tuesday

Roundup: Debenhams make loss in Ireland;
Debenham Losses

LENGTH: 388 words



HIGHLIGHT: British fashion retailer Debenhams slipped into the red in Ireland
last year after incurring redundancy costs of 10.66m euros.


News In Brief

## British fashion retailer Debenhams slipped into the red in Ireland last year
after incurring redundancy costs of 10.66m euros. Debenhams Retail (Ireland) Ltd
made a loss after tax of 11.8m euros in the year to the end of August 2010, its
latest accounts show. This compared with a profit of 5.1m euros in 2009.
Debenhams' turnover fell by 9.8 pc to 169.8m euros in Ireland as the effects of
the recession continued to weigh on consumer spending. Stripping out the costs
of its restructuring, Debenhams made an operating loss of 1.4m euros compared
with a surplus of 7.9m euros in 2009. - Irish Times

## The state farm body Teagasc has said that average farm income increased by
48pc last year to 18,000 euros. Launching the results of the national farm
survey Thia Hennessy said that while the increase is substantial, it simply
represents a recovery bringing incomes back in line with 2008. Ms Hennessy said
dairy and tillage farmers benefited significantly from the recovery in global
dairy and grain markets. Incomes on these farms doubled last year. But she said
there was little recovery in cattle and sheep incomes. The majority of farmers
are in this category and incomes here rose only 6pc. Brian Moran of Teagasc said
the average income on the more commercial full-time farms - of which there are
about 30,000 - was about 43,000 euros last year. - RTE

## The Commercial Court has made orders against the former Kilkenny hurler, DJ
Carey, and his partner, Sarah Newman, for the repayment of almost 9.5m euros to
AIB. Lawyers for Mr Carey and for Ms Newman, a former 'dragon' on RTE programme
Dragon's Den, told the court they were consenting to the judgment orders being
sought by the bank against them. In April 2007, AIB offered DJ Carey a mortgage
of almost 8m euros. The loan was secured on properties at the K Club in Co
Kildare and at Mount Juliet in Kilkenny. The borrowings were guaranteed by his
partner, Sarah Newman. DJ Carey in turn guaranteed Ms Newman's mortgage of 1.5m
euros, secured on another property at the K Club. The court heard DJ Carey's
mortgage was in arrears by January this year, and the bank called in the loan.
Ms Newman's loan had gone into what were described as relatively minor arrears
and that too was called in, along with the guarantees each had given. - Irish
Examiner

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             218 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 20, 1982, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. to Pay $138 Million To Banks on Polish Aid

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 1, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 789 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, April 19


The Commodity Credit Corporation will soon pay American banks an additional $138
million as a reimbursement for federally guaranteed loans to Poland that are
overdue, a Commodity Credit Corporation official said today.

It was the second time this year that American banks have demanded that the
Federal agency make good on overdue Polish loans.  If Poland were to continue to
miss loan payments, the Government could be out as much as $1.38 billion in
various loans and direct credits that have been made to Poland. They are due for
repayment by the end of 1984.

Lester LeCompte, the credit corporation official in charge of transactions, said
that the $138 million reimbursement will soon begin from the agency's $20
billion revolving fund. All except $300,000 of these claims are for loan
principal. He added that the banks had elected to try to collect later on the
interest that Poland owes them.

When a private bank calls in a guarantee, it has the option of including the
interest due, which the credit corporation reimburses at a rate of 8 percent. Or
the bank may ask only for the principal due, on which the credit corporation
pays 98 percent, and attempt to collect later the full rate of interest charged
on the guaranteed loan.

Two weeks ago, Poland was reminded by the State Department that loan payments
were overdue. No reply has been received to that reminder, a department official
said.

Mr. LeCompte said that the banks had been asking for the $138 million
reimbursement for the last month.  Since mid-February, when the Reagan
Administration decided not to declare Poland in default, the Commodity Credit
Corportion has paid to private American banks $24 million in reimbursements for
guaranteed bank loans on which that country was delinquent.

Poland has outstanding from the Treasury $540 million in principal on direct
credit loans, funds for which came directly from the credit corporation's
revolving fund. Poland also has debt outstanding of $84l million in loans from
private American banks that are guaranteed by the credit corporation.

The $138 million in claims for overdue payments and the $24 million in
guarantees already paid out are part of the $84l million that the banks had
lent.

The bulk of the $138 million reimbursement will be paid to the First National
Bank of Chicago, the Bank of America, Marine Midland and the Girard Bank of
Philadelphia.

By reimbursing the banks, the Government takes on the problem of collecting the
overdue payments. It will continue to press for payment as long as it considers
Poland not in default on the loans.

The Government's direct loans and loan guarantees are part of an $11 billion
debt that Poland owes to Western governments and government agencies. In
addition, Poland owes more than $16 billion to private banks in loans that have
no government guarantees.

Accord With Consortium

A consortium of 500 Western banks recently signed an agreement to postpone for
several years payment of $2.4 billion in Polish debt that had come due last
year.

The Administration's decision not to declare the Poles in default was made by
the White House in early February after the Poles became delinquent on $71
million in farm commodity loans. Of that total, $24 million has been paid to the
banks since February.

The White House decision created a split within the Administration. The State
Department and the Treasury Department supported the move, arguing that a
declaration of default would end chances of recovering any of the money later
and would destroy Poland's credit with other Western countries.

Further Credits Ended

The Pentagon wanted the default declaration to increase pressures for an end to
martial law, which Poland had declared in mid-December. All further farm
commodity credits for Poland have since been ended.

Both guaranteed and direct credit loans have been made in the past to countries
with most-favored-nation status as a means of stimulating exports of grain and
other farm commodities from the United States. The Reagan Administration is no
longer offering any direct credit loans.

In late February, Rumania fell deliquent on $5.8 million owed on a direct credit
loan, but soon afterward met this payment. That country has also made subsequent
payments to remain current on direct credit loans from the Commodity Credit
Corporation and the Export-Import Bank. Hungary recently made the final payment
on a direct credit loan for commodity purchases.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             219 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 3, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Sen. Moran Statement on Additional Funding for FSA Loans

LENGTH: 327  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jerry Moran has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Jerry Moran (R-Kan.), Chairman of the Senate Agriculture
Appropriations Committee, today joined U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Farm Service Agency (FSA) Administrator Val Dolci in announcing that additional
funding will be made available to assist more than 1,900 producers who have been
approved for operating loans.





 "Access to credit is essential to keeping American farmers in business,
especially in the context of a farm economy as poor as it is right now," said
Sen. Moran. "FSA operating loans often serve as both the only line of credit
available to beginning farmers and the last resort for producers without access
to commercial lending. As chairman of the Senate Agriculture Appropriations
Subcommittee, I will continue to work with USDA to make certain the demand for
FSA operating loans is met. Farmers need every tool available to them as they
deal with the strain of declining crop prices and revenues."



 Background

 Increased demand for FSA direct and guaranteed operating loans brought about a
shortfall in available funds for fiscal year 2016 and left FSA unable to provide
loans to more than 1,900 approved applicants. The Senate Agriculture
Appropriations Subcommittee's approval this week of USDA's request to reprogram
funding allowed the department to make additional funds available to help reduce
the loan shortage.



 The funds will leverage up to $185 million in additional lending for FSA
operating loans, reducing the backlog of approved borrowers and bridging the gap
until more funds are made available at the beginning of the next fiscal year on
October 1, 2016. The Senate Agriculture Appropriations bill fully funds FSA
direct and guaranteed operation loans at the requested amount for next fiscal
year.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             220 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           February 12, 1999, Friday

USDA almost running on empty, Glickman says

BYLINE: BY JANELLE CARTER

SECTION: COMMODITIES/CHEMICALS/ENERGY; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 286 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


A rush of farmers borrowing money to handle debt after a year of low prices has
nearly depleted federal loan money, Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman said.

The agency is preparing numbers to formally request additional money from
Congress, Mr. Glickman told a Senate committee Tuesday.

""Our funding will be exhausted in the next few weeks,'' Glickman said. ""
Demand is outrunning our funding.''

He said the agency has not decided how much money to request but said it may be
as much as $100 million, plus additional money to assist Puerto Rico, which was
hit hard by Hurricane Georges last year.

Agency officials said they hoped to prepare paperwork to submit to the White
House in the next few days.

Farmers have been forced to seek more loans to restructure debt after a year in
which prices in some sectors dipped to record lows. Hog farmers, for instance,
saw prices drop as low as $8 a hundredweight in December.

""There are lines. There is a waiting period,'' Mr. Glickman said of the Farm
Service Agency offices in various states that administer USDA loans.

Last week, a coalition of farm groups wrote the Clinton administration and
Congress warning of the impending crisis.  ""The continuation of low prices for
virtually all commodities and livestock - as well as natural disaster which
occurred in 1998 - has dramatically increased the demand for funding through
guaranteed loan programs,'' the groups wrote. Many states have already depleted
their allotment of funds, the groups said.

Demand has increased 26 percent for the guaranteed operating loan, 160 percent
for the interest assistance program and 92 percent for the guaranteed farm
ownership program, the groups said.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             221 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                  May 10, 1993

Western FCB Certified FAMC Pooler

SECTION: FARM MORTGAGES; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 423 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Western Farm Credit Bank, Sacramento, has been certified as a Federal
Agricultural Mortgage Corporation pooler.

The Western FCB is the second Farm Credit System lender to become a Farmer Mac
pooler.

Western serves FCS borrowers in California, Arizona, Nevada, Utah, Idaho and
Hawaii.

Dewayne Hall, a vice president of Western FCB, said Western hopes to establish
pooling capability by the end of this year.

Western plans to establish a relationship with an investment banking company to
help with securitization of loan pools.

Mr. Hall said Western already has the staff expertise needed to perform
accounting, due diligence and underwriting on loan pools.

Western hopes to pool loans originated by its its own Farm Credit Associations.
It may also decide to pool loans acquired from other agricultural and rural
housing originators, Mr. Hall said.

"We are still in the planning and assembly stage," he said.

The FCS banks serve as wholesale providers of credit to a network of Federal
Land Credit, Production Credit and Agricultural Credit associations.

In addition, Western serves as a direct mortgage lender through four Federal
Land Bank Association.  At the end of 1992, the combined loan portfolio for the
Western Farm Credit district was nearly $ 5 billion.

Nationally, the Farm Credit System holds about 50% of the long-term,
agricultural real estate loans that are outstanding.

Farmer Mac President Henry Edelman said the new pooler enhances the secondary
market's ability to reach more potential borrowers.

"The Farmer Mac team has consistently worked with eligible agricultural lenders
across the nation to develop a program that efficiently complements their
efforts to meet the needs of the agricultural borrowers they serve," Mr. Edelman
said in a statement about the new pooler.

Previously certified Farmer Mac poolers are Chemical Securities Corporation,
Goldman Sachs Mortgage Company, Prudential Agricultural Credit, Prudential
Securities Corp., John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company, Equitable
Agri-Business, the Travelers Realty Investment Company, and the Farm Credit Bank
of Columbia.

Under the Farmer Mac I program for securitizing commercial agricultural real
estate and rural residential loans.  Farmer Mac has cumulatively securitized
loans with a principal balance of $ 680 million.

Farmer Mac also has authority to pool and securitize Farmers Home Administration
guaranteed agricultural loans.

About $ 46 million in FmHA guaranteed loans have been securitized by Farmer Mac.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             222 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Agents Seize Files at California Firms;
FBI Search Is Part of Investigation into Mortgage Securities Scandal

                            March 7, 1985, Thursday

By MIKE CARROLL

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Armed with search warrants, federal agents late last week swooped down on the
offices of a host of Southern California companies, rifling files and seizing
records, as part of a widening probe into the mortgage securities scandal that
has tarnished banks across the country, sources close to the investigation said.

Late last Thursday afternoon, the FBI moved into nearly a dozen company offices,
all in Orange and Los Angeles counties, said sources.

The action follows the recent formation of a joint task force of state, local,
and federal authorities probing the dimensions of the scandal. The U.S.
Attorney's office in Los Angeles declined comment on the searches.

Among companies where employees or representatives acknowledged having had their
offices searched were: West Pac Corp., Orange; National Mortgage Equity Corp.,
Palos Verdes Estates; Energy Resources Financial, Covina; and Eagle Bonding and
Insurance Brokers Inc., Agoura Hills.

A number of other companies were also searched, sources close to the
investigation said. These, the sources said, included the Tustin, Calif.,
offices of Glacier General Assurance Co., where officials declined to comment.

Bank of America, which has charged off $95 million, has been the institution
most hurt so far by its involvement in the securities scandal.Most of the
companies whose premises were raided have been linked to the giant west coast
bank's problems.

The Eagle Connection


But indicative of the widening scope of the securities probe was the inclusion
of Eagle Bonding among the search targets. Eagle apparently had no connection at
all to any of the BofA problems.

Eagle's inclusion in the search evidently stems from its involvement as general
agent for Cal-Farm Insurance Co. of Sacramento.  As agent, Eagle allegedly
undertook to issue financial guarantee bonds from Cal-Farm, according to a
lawsuit filed last month by Cal-Farm against Eagle Bonding in federal court in
Los Angeles.

These financial bonds guaranteed loans made by a host of lenders from across the
country to California Pacific Construction Co., the suit alleges.  California
Pacific was under the control of Eagle Bonding's principals, claims Cal-Farm.

According to officials close to two of the companies whose premises were
searched, the FBI was looking for documents related to three property
developments, as well as any of the properties on lists provided by the Bank of
America or involving Cal-Farm.

Several of the California Pacific loans are already in default, the suit
alleges, and Cal-Farm has had to pay claims made by lenders on the financial
guarantees.

Cal-Farm said that in September 1983 it gave six months' notice to Eagle of its
intention to terminate their arrangement the following spring.

Charging that California Pacific borrowed money without collateral and without
intending to pay the money back, Cal-Farm said it is now in the position ''of
having to answer for Cal-Pac's debts for millions of dollars or face dozens of
lawsuits brought by lenders.''

According to court documents, lenders to California Pacific whose loans were
guaranteed by Cal-Farm include: Mercer Savings and Loan, Trenton, N.J.,
$500,000; Tremont Savings & Loan, Tremont, Ill.,$200,000; Fulton Bank, Fulton,
Ky., $200,000; Cosmopolitan State Bank, Stillwater, Minn. $100,000; and City of
Baton Rouge and Parish of East Baton Rouge Employees Retirement System,
La.,$500,000.

''We have recovered all of our principal, and I understand all the associations
have recovered their principal,'' said Richard Jameson, who became president of
Tremont Savings & Loan in January. He said the thrift had had two loans totaling
$300,000 at risk.

Calls to the other lenders listed in court documents were not returned by the
American Banker's deadline Wednesday.

Carl Santillo, Cal-Farm executive vice president, said, ''We are looking at each
bond on a bond-by-bond basis. It's our intention to fulfill our obligations.''

Mr. Santillo said the insurer took a loss of $3.5 million in 1984 and
anticipates a loss of $5.5 million this year because of the guarantee bonds.  He
said he expects Cal-Farm's net worth to decline slightly this year from the
$32.127 million posted at yearend 1984.

Premiums generated during the year that Cal-Farm was in financial guarantees
amounted to only 4% of its business, he said. ''This negated our traditional
profits. It doesn't excite us very much.''

'Office a Shambles'


Calls made to California Pacific's listed phone number were answered by Eagle
Bonding's receptionist, who said that Cal Pacific was now out of business.

Repeated calls to principals at Eagle Bonding were not returned.  However, an
insider there, who asked not to be named, confirmed the FBI's search last week.
''My office was a shambles,'' he said.

Inquiries at National Mortgage Equity Corp.'s offices were referred to the
firm's attorney, Charles C. Wehner, who confirmed that the FBI had removed
stacks of documents from the offices.

''I think it was completely unnecessary, because we had agreed to cooperate with
the FBI. They were welcome to all the documentation,'' Mr.  Wehner said.

National Mortgage served as the packager for the $133 million in mortgage
securities, for which the Bank of America acted as trustee and escrow agent.

West Pac was one of the ultimate borrowers of the moneys advanced by 19 east
coast thrifts to purchase the securities, according to court documents, and
Glacier General guaranteed $89 million of the securities.

Bank of America last Friday filed suit against National Mortgage, its former
president David A. Feldman, West Pac and its owner, Kent B. Rogers, as well as
two other parties, charging that it had been defrauded in the origination and
packaging of the securities.

Energy Resources is a loan broker and lender, named in a previous search warrant
affidavit by the Orange County District Attorney's office as linked to a number
of property transactions now being probed by the D.A.

Energy Resources allegedly was under the control of the family of the late John
Wain, who had been Glacier's California representative.

Floyd C. Anglin, an official in the West Pac offices, confirmed the FBI search,
while Attorney Ben Adelman, who represents Energy Resources, also acknowledged
the search there.

John Hayden, president of Glacier General, declined comment when contacted
Tuesday. On Wednesday, when told that the call concerned the FBI search, a
receptionist said, ''We're not commenting on that.'' But sources close to the
investigation said Glacier had been a target of the search.

The Department of Insurance in Montana, where Glacier General is based, this
week issued a summary order of supervision, placing the insurer's business under
its control.

The move paralleled the action taken by the California Department of Insurance
Monday, when it obtained an order putting it in control of all of the firm's
California business.

''Circumstances regarding the company's financial condition required immediate
action on the part of the Montana Insurance Department to supervise the ongoing
business of Glacier General,'' Andrea Bennett, state auditor, said in a
statement.

Among other things, the order restricts Glacier officials from withdrawing money
from bank accounts, or lending or investing the firm's funds, without prior
approval of the regulators.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1233 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             223 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Lakelander (Whitney, Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 2, 2011

Grants and loans available for energy efficiency projects

BYLINE: The Lakelander staff

LENGTH: 521  words


BRYAN - Renewable energy and energy efficiency systems provide a significant
opportunity for rural economic development and growth. These opportunities
include increasing local revenue, bolstering the local job market and increasing
the economic yield of land. As many U.S. farmers have discovered, renewable
energy is the new cash crop of the 21st century.

Energy efficiency improvements are a useful tool for increasing farm or business
productivity while reducing costs. By investing in energy efficient equipment,
agricultural producers and rural small businesses can enjoy savings and
increased reliability for years to come.

As part of the 2008 Farm Bill, Congress passed the Rural Energy for American
Program (REAP). This program provides financial assistance in the form of grants
and guaranteed loans to agricultural producers and rural small businesses to
purchase renewable energy systems or make energy efficiency improvements.

Grants can fund up to 25% of a project's total eligible costs, and are limited
to $500, 000 for renewable energy projects or $250, 000 for energy efficiency
improvements. Grants as low as $2, 500 for renewable energy projects will be
considered.

Guaranteed loans can fund up to 75% of a project's total eligible costs, with a
minimum of $5, 000 and a maximum of $25 million.

The program is designed to assist agricultural producers and rural small
businesses that demonstrate financial need. All agricultural producers,
including farmers and ranchers, who derive 50% or more of their gross income
from agricultural operations are eligible. Businesses in a rural area which meet
the Small Business Administration size standards can also invited to apply. A
private entity, a rural utility, and rural electric cooperatives are typically
eligible, however non-profit and public bodies are not eligible.

Projects such as retrofitting lighting or insulation, purchasing or replacing
equipment, replacing older HVAC systems with more efficient units are eligible.
Energy efficiency improvements in new building construction are typically not
eligible. Eligible renewable energy projects include projects that produce
energy from wind, solar, biomass, geothermal, and hydrogen-based sources. The
project can produce any form of energy; including heat, electricity or fuel.

More specific details are available on the USDA Section 9007 web site which can
be found at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/Energy.html. Applications are submitted
to the USDA Renewable Energy Coordinator. If you submit your application early,
the USDA state contact can often let you know if information is incomplete or
missing. That will give you an opportunity to add information before the
deadline. The deadline will be listed in the Federal Register or websites listed
in this article.

For further information on the application process, including forms and
technology-specific project guidance, go to
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/tx/section_9007.htm. Interested parties may also
contact the USDA Rural Development Area Office in Hillsboro at 254-582-7328,
extension 4 or visit the office which is located at 1502 Highway 77 North.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LKL

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2011 The Lakelander


                             224 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            October 21, 1983 Friday

Rebuff makes White talks critical

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 501 words

DATELINE: ANN SILVERSIDES


By  ANN SILVERSIDES
   Negotiations for the sale of White Farm Equipment Ltd. of Brantford,
 Ont., are at a crucial point, following the rejection of an $11.6-million
 bid from John Buhler, president of Farm King Ltd. of Morden, Man.

Mr. Buhler said the $500,000 deposit accompanying his bid to buy White
 Farm, now in receivership, was returned. Two bids for the financially
 troubled farm equipment company remain - one from Borg-Warner Acceptance
 Corp. of Chicago and the other from Massey-Ferguson Ltd. of Toronto.

Those bids are quite close in terms of the money that would be realized
 by secured creditors, acccording to sources. Still at issue, however, is
 the level of commitment of each bidder.

Massey's bid, for White Farm's axial flow combine technology and some
 engineering operations, would mean liquidation of the financially troubled
 company. On the other hand, Borg-Warner, which has financed $200-mil1ion
 worth of White Farm inventory in the United States and $60-million worth
 of inventory in Canada, has a vested interest in keeping White Farm
 operating.

If Borg-Warner's bid were accepted, that company would in turn sell
 White Farm to "a Canadian individual we feel can run the business" and
 give the buyer help with refinancing, working and operating capital, said
 Robert Terry, Kansas City divisional manager for Borg-Warner.

As a financing company, and one that has financed other farm equipment
 companies, Borg-Warner is not interested in owning and running White Farm,
 he said. But "it is our intention for the technology of the axial flow
 combine to remain in Canada and for us to support development of that
 technology."
    It is still an open question whether the Foreign Investment Review
 Agency would review the situation if Borg-Warner's bid for White Farm were
 accepted.

While federal Industry Minister Edward Lumley has indicated he would
 like to see White Farm continue as a going concern, a "strong enough"
 commitment from Massey to guarantee parts and servicing of White Farm
 equipment, thus protecting farmers with White Farm equipment, might make
 Massey's the more attractive offer, sources said.

The federal Government has guaranteed $10-million worth of loans to
 White Farm, now in receivership, and $125-million worth of loans to
 Massey.

Mr. Terry said Borg-Warner has talked to Mr. Buhler, among others, as a
 possible buyer if Borg-Warner's bid is successful. But while Mr. Buhler
 said an operating White Farm should have its operations moved to Manitoba,
 Mr. Terry said Borg-Warner's bid involves maintaining White Farm's
 operations in Brantford.

A spokesman for the receiver, Peat Marwick Ltd. of Toronto, said White
 Farm negotiations are "at a sensitive stage. . . . Hopefully in the next
 couple of days we will make a decision."
    Creditors of White Farm include the Royal Bank of Canada, the
 Mercantile Bank of Canada, Roynat Ltd. of Montreal, and the federal and
 Ontario governments, which guaranteed, respectively, $10-million and $5-
 million worth of loans to White Farm.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             225 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

House Panel Caps Farm Aid at $5.5B

                            June 21, 2001, Thursday

BY BEN JACKSON



Despite a statement from its chairman that a $5.5 billion aid package was "out
of touch" with the financial crisis facing farmers, the House Agricultural
Committee approved a bill Wednesday that capped aid to farmers at that amount
for the 2001 crop year.

Mitchell E. Daniels Jr., director of the Office of Management and Budget, told
panel chairman Larry Combest, R-Tex., in a letter last week that he would advise
President Bush against signing any bill that offers farm aid of more than $5.5
billion.

The government provided 41% of real farm income last year, and improving prices
and existing farm support programs are already providing a safety net, the
letter said. "In the long run, we need to continue to decrease distortions the
federal government creates in agriculture markets."

Responding to the letter, Rep. Combest said the administration's recommendation
is "based on incomplete and unrealistic economic data, and is not reflective of
the President's commitment to provide economic assistance for farmers."

The $5.5 billion budgeted in the bill is well short of the $9 billion requested
by farm groups and far less than the $9.7 billion approved for farm aid last
year.

Along with passing the farm aid bill, the committee heard testimony from Terry
Hague, chief executive officer of $76.6 million-asset Farmers Exchange Bank in
Cherokee, Okla., and a member of the American Bankers Association's agricultural
and rural bankers committee.

In his testimony, Mr. Hague called for making funding for Farm Service Agency
guaranteed loan programs a priority, and he asked Congress to triple the ceiling
on loans the agency can guarantee under its low documentation loan program, to
$150,000.

He also encouraged lawmakers to oppose the expansion of the Farm Credit System's
move to issue national charters to its institutions.

Mr. Hague also spoke about the need for continued economic development in rural
areas, which is supported by the Department of Agriculture's Business and
Industry guaranteed loan program.

Copyright c 2001 Thomson Financial. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 356 words

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 American Banker, Inc.


                             226 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            February 5, 2013 Tuesday

Guarantor of friend's loan loses her home

BYLINE: FIONA GARTLAND

SECTION: IRELAND; Other stories; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 357 words


A woman who agreed to act as a guarantor for a friend who borrowed almost EUR 1
million has lost her property in the High Court.

The Co Mayo woman had guaranteed a business loan of EUR 962,000 with ACC Bank
for her friend in 2007.

The money was to be repaid over 20 years, but the loan went into default.
Repossession orders for two other properties it was secured against, owned by
the borrower, had already been granted.

In an affidavit read in court, the guarantor said she had difficulties reading
and writing and had dyslexia.

She also said she had not paid the solicitor who acted for her when she signed
the guarantee. She said she believed her guarantee was limited only to the Co
Mayo property and she was not liable for any outstanding balance owed by the
borrower.

Additional liabilities

Counsel for the lender did not say if the bank intended pursuing her for any
outstanding money once her property was repossessed. He said there was no need
for the court to decide whether she had additional liabilities.

Ms Justice Elizabeth Dunne agreed. She said the guarantor had not denied her
property was covered by the guarantee and any further liability could be decided
in other proceedings if necessary. She granted the order for possession with a
stay of execution of four months.

In a separate case, also involving a guarantor, Charleville Credit Union sought
to obtain an order for sale against a home and farm in Co Cork on condition the
elderly owner was allowed to stay in his home for the rest of his life. The man
had guaranteed a EUR 720,000 business loan for his son.

No accounts sought

The son, who was in court, said his father had dementia. He claimed the credit
union had not sought any accounts from him before  handing out  the loan to him.

He accepted he did not engage with the credit union initially because he was
overwhelmed, but he did help it sell part of the farm. This left a loan balance
of EUR 170,000, he said. His offer to pay the balance back over a number of
years was rejected, he said.

I m the only person at home with my father and he needs 24-hour attention.

Ms Justice Dunne adjourned the case for four weeks.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             227 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Equitable Unit To Pool Loans For Agriculture

                          November 20, 1991, Wednesday

By DEBRA COPE

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The insurance industry's leading farm mortgage lender has signed up to pool
loans into securities guaranteed by the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp.

Equitable Agri-Business Inc. is the fifth agricultural lender to be granted
"certified pooler" status by Farmer Mac, as the federally chartered secondary
market agency is known.

The new pooler is a unit of the Equitable Life Assurance Society, which has an
agricultural mortgage portfolio of $2.1 billion.

As a certified pooler, Equitable Agri-Business is authorized to buy or originate
farm loans according to Farmer Mac's specifications, assemble them into pools,
and issue securities backed by the loans. No Securities Guaranteed Yet

Farmer Mac, established in 1987 to boost liquidity for farm lenders, has yet to
guarantee any securities under its flagship program, although it began approving
poolers in late 1989.

Three poolers - all life insurance company subsidiaries - have been certified
since September, raising hopes that a market breakthrough is at hand.

"This development is further evidence of the rapidly growing interest in Farmer
Mac among agricultural lenders," said Henry D. Edelman, Farmer Mac's president.

The other poolers are Goldman Sachs Mortgage Co., Manufacturers Hanover
Securities Corp., John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Co., and Prudential
Agricultural Credit Inc.
The American Banker

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 233 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Appeared in 11/20 issue

                      Copyright 1991 American Banker, Inc.


                             228 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 July 12, 1993

Measure Increases Some Mortgage Credit Levels

BYLINE: By TED CORNWELL

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 661 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


A supplemental appropriations bill recently signed by President Clinton
increases the credit limits for several mortgage guarantee programs.

Without an increase, both the Federal Housing Administration and the Government
National Mortgage Association may be forced to suspend business before the end
of the government's fiscal year.  The fiscal year runs until September 30.

The FHA received permission to insure $ 43 billion in additional one-to-four
family mortgages above its previous credit limitation, brining the FHA's total
credit limit for this year to $ 100 billion.

Likewise, the Government National Mortgage Association received permission to
issue an additional $ 30 billion in guarantee on mortgage-backed securities this
year.  The GNMA guarantees securities backed by government-insured loans.

Prior to the supplemental appropriations, the FHA and the GNMA had been subject
to credit limits of $ 57 billion and $ 78 billion, respectively.

During the first eight months of fiscal 1993, the FHA had endorsed $ 40 billion
of mortgages for insurance and the GNMA had issued $ 60 billion in
mortgage-backed securities commitments.

A HUD official said the FHA would have risked running out of credit authority in
August without the supplemental legislation.

The legislation was needed because both the FHA and the GNMA were doing business
at a pace that was not anticipated when the credit limits were established last
year.

The increase in FHA activity was generated by financing activity this year and
lower FHA closing costs that went into effect last October.

The appropriations bill also gave the Federal Housing Administration authority
to insure an additional $ 500 million of loans under its General Insurance and
Special Risk Insurance funds, which largely cover multifamily housing and mobile
homes.

The heavily subsidized funds have been the subject of controversy because of
high losses and the conference committee cut the extra GI/SRI credit authority
to half the amount recommended by the Senate.

To offset the anticipated credit subsidy on the GI/SRI accounts, the legislation
transferred money from "flexible subsidy" accounts to support the two insurance
funds.

"The conferees have reluctantly agreed to these offset only to guarantee that
the GI and SRI funds do not run out of funds in 1993," the conference report
accompanying the bill stated.

Neither the GNMA or the FHA single-family programs require a credit subsidy
because premiums are anticipated to be sufficient to cover losses.

The Farmers Home Administration's guarantee rural home loan program, which had
suspended operation because of a shortage of guarantee authority, also received
permission to issue additional loan guarantees.

The supplemental appropriations act gave the FmHA an additional $ 250 million in
loan guarantee authority for the rural housing program.

Previously, the FmHA credit limitation had been $ 330 million for unsubsidized,
guaranteed rural housing loans.

An earlier proposal to infuse new credit authority into the rural housing
program died when the President's economic stimulus bill was defeated in April.
The program has essentially been halted as a result.

The new funds probably will benefit only loan applications that are already in
the pipeline, an FmHA spokesman said.

The FmHA's guaranteed farm ownership and farm operating loan programs do not
appear to need additional credit authority.

The farm operating program has used only about half of its $ 1.5 billion credit
limitation.  The farm-ownership loan guarantee program has about $ 100 million
of its $ 488 million credit limitation remaining.

Because the Veterans Home Looan Program is considered a benefit, it is not
subject to a credit limitation.

Like the FHA, however, the VA is doing a brisk business.  During the first eight
months of fiscal 1993, the VA guaranteed 228,000 home loans, compared to 171,000
during the same period a year earlier.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             229 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            October 10, 2006 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

Ensure that farmers have fair living wage

BYLINE: JERRY PENNICK, HEATHER GRAY; For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 687 words


In 1999, black farmers in the United States reached a $2.8 billion settlement
with the U.S. Department of Agriculture in a class-action discrimination
lawsuit. But the problems are ongoing. In fact, under various farm bills and
trade agreements, discrimination has expanded to farmers throughout the world.

Most farmers in the world are, in fact, people of color, from Africa to Asia to
the Americas.

Abuse of the agriculture program was rampant in the American South in the past
century. Examples abound.

Early in the 20th century, cotton plantation owners convinced the U.S.
Department of Agriculture that allotment payments should be filtered through
them, rather than go directly to their black tenant farmers or sharecroppers.
This resulted in as little money as possible going to those farming the land. It
set a pattern of abuse.

We've seen in recent years Farm Service Agency county supervisors totally
disregard loan applications from black farmers. Information about farm programs
is not always made available to black farmers. If loans are approved, the
payments often come too late to plant the season's crops. County committees that
determine farm loan qualifications often lack black representation.

The United States now wants to expand these devastating discriminatory policies
throughout the developing world. The subsidy commodity program is a prime
example. Congress and corporations wanted to increase U.S. exports so they
lowered the guaranteed minimum price for U.S. commodities such as cotton.

Prior to this devastating legislation, farmers were guaranteed a minimum price
that was close to the cost of production. No more. Congress also stopped the
acreage set-aside program, under which cotton farmers were paid not to plant on
some of their land. This opened up an additional 10 million to 14 million acres
into production, some of which went into cotton.

Without regulations that set a fair price, corporations can purchase cotton
below the cost of production in the United States, driving down prices in the
developing world. And the higher production has increased demand for chemicals
and seeds. It's been a corporate windfall.

So where are farmers in this picture? Because there are virtually no regulations
to offer a fair price for commodities, the government pays farmers a subsidy to
make up for their loss. It usually just barely covers the cost of production.
Black farmers and small family farmers in the United States depend on subsidies
in an attempt to break even.

In a recent survey of African-American cotton farmers we conducted throughout
the Southeast, it was found that the subsidy program is essential for their
survival. But when asked if subsidies would be as important if the farmers
received a fair price for their cotton, the answer was "no."

The subsidy program is a scapegoat for failed agriculture and development
policies that are bolstered by the World Trade Organization, International
Monetary Fund and the World Bank that force the governments of developing
countries out of agriculture. This enables corporations to control the global
agriculture system.

World governments should instead be encouraged to create an agricultural system
that supports small farmers and protects borders through fair trade and not free
trade.

Policies that would go a long way toward resolving the current corporate
agriculture welfare system would include a "Farmer Living Wage Program" so that
corporations would have to pay a fair price to farmers and supply management
that would reinstitute the acreage set-aside program.

We believe farmers in the United States and all over the world would benefit
from these reforms.

With these recommendations, the United States would be taking the lead in
defining the role of government in agriculture and moving the debate toward the
establishment of an "International Living Wage" policy for farmers. Food and
fiber are far too important to be left in the hands of the private sector.

Jerry Pennick and Heather Gray are staff members at the Atlanta-based Southern
Cooperatives/Land Assistance Fund, which specializes in helping Southern black
farmers.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Jerry Pennick/ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: Heather Gray/ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: W.A. BRIDGES JR. / StaffRay Hunter, a small farmer in Donalsonville, Ga.,
works in a field of cotton near his home. In a survey, African-American cotton
farmers said that subsidies would be less important if they received a fair
price for their crop./ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             230 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Agriculture Department Sets Farm Export Loan Guarantees:
Banks May Get $431 Million if Foreign Debt Rescheduled

                           March 21, 1984, Wednesday

By ROBERT B. LIEBERMAN

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has agreed to pay American banks up to $431
million as a protective measure should several foreign nations become delinquent
on paying their bank loans.

Through the USDA Commodity Credit Corp., certain principal loans made by
financial institutions to promote American farm exports are guaranteed up to 98%
by the federal government. Interest is backed up to 8% of the total accrued.

Last Friday's action also contains authorization for the USDA to reschedule the
debt of four countries should they fail to meet their payment deadlines --
several of which are at the end of this year -- - according to Frank Briggs,
chief of financial reports and analysis in the agriculture stabilization and
conservation service of the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

Recent news reports incorrectly stated the entire $431 million had already been
allocated to banks under the guarantee program, Mr. Briggs confirmed. "Some (of
the debt) may have been paid, but not the full amount," he said. "Some will be
due later this year."

Many of the nation's leading banks, including Citibank NA, Chase Manhattan Bank
NA, Chemical Bank, and Bank of America, have loans outstanding to one or more of
the countries. They would divide up the $431 million in authorized
reimbursements should the loans be rescheduled.

Countries Pay U.S. Government

The countries involved in the latest actions -- Brazil, Peru, Romania, and
Morocco -- will have those USDA-guaranteed debts rescheduled by the federal
government. Banks will be reimbursed by the federal government for outstanding
guaranteed loans. In turn, the four countries will pay the government directly,
according to the rescheduling plan.

So far, banks have received a total of $96 million -- $17 million for loans to
Morocco, $63 million for loans to Peru, and $16 million for loans extended to
Romania -- the USDA agency spokesman said. No reimbursements have been made for
delinquent loans made to Brazil, he added.

Here is an aggregate list, provided by the Commodity Credit Corp., of payments
already made or scheduled to be paid to banks should the four countries be late
on paying their loans:

* A $235 million payment for loans made to Brazil; it would be by far the
largest sum.

* A $92 million payment to banks for overdue loans made to Morroco.

* An $85 million payment for loans made to Peru.

* An $18.8 million payment for outstanding loans made to Romania.

During fiscal 1982-83, banks reportedly received $18 million for delinquent
Romanian debt and $26.6 million for overdue loans made to Sudan. Previously,
only Poland had defaulted on loans, according to Weldon Barton, agricultural
specialist for the Independent Bankers Association of America.

Government Allow Credit Flows

"Other than the Poland situation, you didn't have defaults" before last year,
Mr. Barton said. "Now you have a wider array of countries that are having
repayment problems."

Until a few years ago, loans were made directly by the Commodity Credit Corp.
rather than through the guaranteed route, the IBAA spokesman noted.

"There is a major increase during the last year and this year in the
guaranteeing of credits for agricultural exports," he said. "It allows banks to
keep credit flowing to [Third World] countries."

Observers should not be surprised if there is a sizable increase in the number
and amount of guaranteed loans being rescheduled by the federal government,
sources warn. But "banks are being encouraged to keep credit flowing" to those
countries seeking support, according to Mr. Barton.

Commenting on the impact of the guarantee program on banks, Rob Brammer,
treasurer of the Commodity Credit Corp., said, "A bank will prefer to do
business where [its] investment is protected to some degree." Banks would "be
more hesitant" about making loans without the guarantees, he added.

Bankers also support the USDA guarantee effort because they are able to sell
unwanted loans in the secondary market, according to Ken Lee, an American
Bankers Association agricultural spokesman. "Many banks sell [the guaranteed
portion of the loans] into the secondary market," he noted.

The merits of the export-promotion program have been debated extensively within
the Reagan administration, sources say. Opponents of funding the bail-out
mechanism cite growing federal deficits, while proponents say it is necessary to
aid an often troubled farming industry.

The administration has progressively lowered the agency's guarantee authority
from $4.8 billion in fiscal 1983 to $4 billion in 1984 and a projected $3
billion for 1985, although these figures are considerably higher than during the
previous decade, Mr. Briggs said.

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 788 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1984 American Banker, Inc.


                             231 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            August 22, 2006 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Farmers shun drought loans

BYLINE: ART HOVEY, LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 919 words


Despite publicity surrounding emergency loans, only eight have been taken out in
Nebraska.

Emergency loans for farmers are regularly promoted as the primary benefit of
designating Nebraska counties as victims of weather extremes.

Residents of Lincoln and Omaha may feel relieved that help is on the way to
hard-pressed rural areas.

But in another dry year in which about 60 of the state's 93 counties fit the
federal disaster profile, only eight of the approximately 1,600 agricultural
loans made through the Farm Service Agency are from the emergency category.

That's the case though "emergency" suggests urgency and though emergency loans
typically are made at lower interest rates. The curious lack of demand is part
of a pattern that extends through a succession of drought years.

In 2002, for example, one of the most severe departures from normal
precipitation levels, there were no emergency loans at all in Nebraska.

Rich Barta, farm loan chief at Farm Service Agency headquarters in Lincoln,
acknowledged low numbers of emergency loans again in 2006, despite a 3.75
percent interest rate.

"For all the publicity and so forth that goes out in connection with the
designations, yes, it may be true that we don't have large numbers of emergency
loans," Barta said Monday.

"But I think the thing we don't want to overlook is that all the publicity we
get does cause a lot of operators to come into our offices across the state."

Farmers and ranchers making that lending trip help to regularly rank Nebraska at
or near the top in total loan volume - both direct loans and others guaranteed
at banks - for the agency.

The state was tops in the nation in that overall category as recently as 2003,
second in 2004 and third in 2005. So far this fiscal year, Nebraska is first in
overall agricultural lending from the federal level at $145.5 million.

"If the question is, are we serving farmers and ranchers in Nebraska," Barta
said, "the thing I'd like to point out is how well we're doing against other
states."

He also mentioned other possible factors that limit emergency loan applications
here and elsewhere.

For example, the amount of money a producer can qualify for based on 30 percent
crop losses may not be enough to resolve an emergency.

In a given case, "you really need to make a guaranteed loan to restructure their
operation to get them on sound basis."

As another limiting factor, most farmers wait until they have harvested all
their crops to decide about applying for emergency financing, Barta said. But
the 2003 state total of emergency loans, coming on the heels of the 2002
drought, was only 12.

Nobody seemed to suggest that a lack of emergency loans means a lack of an
emergency.

Wheat yields this year in Kimball County, one of many under drought designation,
were below average.

As the state's Climate Assessment Response Committee prepares to meet today in
Lincoln, precipitation remains far below normal in much of the state west of
Grand Island.

Meanwhile, the Rural Response Hotline in Bancroft continues to average more than
350 calls per month, paralegal Michelle Soll said. Many of the callers face crop
and livestock crises, Soll said.

"People are wanting to know their options. What else can they do?"

In neighboring South Dakota, where drought also had been a big factor in 2006,
Barta's agency counterpart, Arnie Claeys, also reported few emergency
applications.

The biggest reason, as Claeys sees it, is that many farmers wait to see whether
Congress will provide direct payments under its latest disaster relief bill.

Direct payments have yet to receive approval this year as lawmakers get ready to
pause for the November election.

Others with an eye on Nebraska's ag-lending sector said there may be other
reasons why farmers in dire straits pass up federal emergency loans.

Dave Goeller, an agriculture transition specialist at the University of
Nebraska-Lincoln, cited red tape and a requirement that the borrower be turned
down for a loan from his or her regular, private-sector lender before seeking
federal financial help.

"Theoretically, at least, you're not supposed to be able to get credit
elsewhere," Goeller said. "And yet you're supposed to have an acceptable credit
history and be able to offer adequate collateral for a loan."

Beyond that, he said, "oftentimes, a loan is not the answer to a disaster.
Sometimes it adds to the problem. Now you have another loan payment that you
have to make next year."

George Beattie, president of the Nebraska Bankers Association, said lenders were
reluctant "to have to sign a letter saying you won't finance that person. And,
if you would (finance), obviously, you can't send the letter."

John Hansen, president of the Nebraska Farmers Union, said farming and ranching
customers also were reluctant to ask longtime lenders for letters of rejection.

"It's one thing when your wife files for divorce," Hansen said. "It's another
thing when your bank says it's over.

"When a relationship between a producer and a banker is severed, in most cases -
not all, but in most cases - it's the final straw."

Reach Art Hovey at 523-4949 or ahovey@alltel.net.

BY THE NUMBERS

Despite widespread signs of another drought disaster in Nebraska in 2006,
federal emergency loans offered to agricultural producers as part of the first
line of defense are not rising accordingly.

* Direct and Guaranteed Loans: 1,593*

* Total Loan Volume: $145.5 million (tops in nation)

* Emergency Loans: 8

Source: Farm Service Agency, USDA, Lincoln

* Figures cover a fiscal year that began Oct. 1

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             232 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                       May 3, 1991, Friday, DAILY EDITION

SADDAM GOT $1B LOAN GUARANTEE: White House insisted despite warnings

BYLINE: Alan Friedman, Lionel Barber and Eric Reguly

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 1, EXCLUSIVE

LENGTH: 520 words

DATELINE: Washington, D.C.


The Bush administration pushed through a US$1 billion loan guarantee to Iraq for
farm exports just 10 months before the invasion of Kuwait, despite being
presented with reports of widespread abuse of U.S. funds by Baghdad at the time.

The White House repeatedly dismissed objections by a number of senior officials
over its policy of using government-guaranteed credit to Iraq as a means of
maintaining good relations with Baghdad over this period.

These abuses included:

The use of some U.S. government farm credits to procure militarily useful
purchases.

Growing evidence that Baghdad was manipulating the U.S. banking system illegally
to finance its arms program.

Suggestions that Iraq was demanding kickbacks, including armored trucks, as part
of the credit scheme.

The debate over the issue came to a climax at a White House meeting November 8,
1989, when senior officials from the Federal Reserve, U.S. Treasury and Commerce
Department all objected to the US$1 billion guarantee to back U.S. farm exports
to Iraq.

The reasons cited, according to participants at the  meeting, included the view
that Iraq was no longer credit worthy - it was in default on its US$65 billion
of foreign debt at the time - and Baghdad had already admitted to the U.S. that
it had abused the same loan guarantee scheme.

The opponents of the guarantee were also concerned by the political and
financial fall-out from scandal surrounding the Atlanta, Georgia, branch of
Italy's Banca Nazionale del Lavoro (BNL). The branch had extended US$3 billion
of unauthorized Iraqi loans, used to finance Baghdad's weapons development
program, and is currently the subject of congressional and criminal
investigations.

Robert Kimmitt, the under-secretary of state, told the White House meeting that
abruptly terminating the US$1 billion of loan guarantees for Iraq would be
''contrary to the president's intentions.'' These were contained in a
presidential directive which stated that the most effective way to improve
relations with Iraq was through increased trade.

The White House meeting approved the guaranteed agricultural credit, ignoring an
Iraqi government admission just weeks before that it had received what U.S.
officials described as ''kickbacks'' - such as armored trucks - in connection
with the same government credit scheme.

The abuse of the guaranteed credit scheme - which is extended through the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Commodity Credit Corporation (CCC) - was
confirmed by participants at the White House meeting and by documents obtained
as part of a joint investigation by the Financial Times of London, ABC
News/Nightline and the Financial Post.

The documents show that at a U.S.-Iraqi meeting in Washington on October 5,
1989, Iraq ''admitted that it routinely received what it euphemistically called
'after sale service' such as armored trucks from U.S. commodity suppliers.'' The
document goes on to say that the after sales service ''might  be construed as
kickbacks, which the USDA warned Iraq in 1988 were in violation in the CCC
program.''




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo: Brakes on

TYPE: SERIES

                       Copyright 1991 Financial Post Ltd.


                             233 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 19, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack Announces Additional USDA Actions
to Combat Spread of Diseases Among U.S. Pork Producers

LENGTH: 526  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that in an effort to further
enhance the biosecurity and health of the US swine herd while maintaining
movement of pigs in the US, the USDA will require reporting of Porcine Epidemic
Diarrhea Virus (PEDv) and Swine Delta Coronavirus in order to slow the spread of
this disease across the United States. USDA is taking this latest action due to
the devastating effect on swine health since it was first confirmed in the
country last year even though PEDv it is not a reportable disease under
international standards. PEDv only affects pigs and does not pose a risk to
people and is not a food safety concern.

"USDA has been working closely with the pork industry and our state and federal
partners to solve this problem. Together, we have established testing protocols,
sequenced the virus and are investigating how the virus is transmitted," said
Vilsack. "Today's actions will help identify gaps in biosecurity and help us as
we work together to stop the spread of these diseases and the damage caused to
producers, industry and ultimately consumers."

In addition to requiring reporting of the PED virus, today's announcement will
also require tracking movements of pigs, vehicles, and other equipment leaving
affected premises; however, movements would still be allowed. USDA is also
working with industry partners to increase assistance to producers who have
experienced PED virus outbreaks in other critical areas such as disease
surveillance, herd monitoring and epidemiological and technical support.

As part of USDA's coordinated response, USDA's Farm Loan Programs is working
with producers to provide credit options, including restructuring loans, similar
to how the Farm Service Agency successfully worked with livestock producers
affected by the blizzard in South Dakota. In the case of guaranteed loans, USDA
is encouraging guaranteed lenders to use all the flexibility available under
existing guarantees, and to use new guarantees where appropriate to continue
financing their regular customers.

USDA is already providing assistance to researchers looking into this disease,
with the Agricultural Research Service (ARS) working with the National Animal
Disease Center in Ames, Iowa to make models of the disease transmission and
testing feedstuffs. This modeling work is contributing to some experimental
vaccines to treat animals with the disease. ARS also has a representative
serving as a member of the Swine Health Board. USDA also provides competitive
grant funding through the Agriculture and Food Research Initiative program and
anticipates some applications on PEDv research will be submitted soon. In
addition, USDA provides formula funds to states and universities through the
Hatch Act and National Animal Health Disease Section 1433 for research
activities surrounding this disease.

In conjunction with the pork industry, state and federal partners, the USDA is
working to develop appropriate responses to the PEDv and Swine Delta
Coronavirus.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             234 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 9, 2010 Tuesday

Funding gives boost to Essex County businesses

BYLINE: Dan Heath, The Press-Republican, Plattsburgh, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 728 words


Nov. 09--CHESTERFIELD -- Three businesses in Essex County have received USDA
grants and guaranteed loans for energy-efficiency projects.

U.S. Rep. Bill Owens joined U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development
Energy Coordinator Scott Collins Monday at Essex Box and Pallet in the Town of
Chesterfield to announce the funding.

ESSEX BOX AND PALLET

Essex Box and Pallet will get a $225,000 grant through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture Rural Development's Rural Energy for America Program. The USDA also
guaranteed a loan from Champlain National Bank for $450,000. And the Essex
County Industrial Development Agency provided Essex Box and Pallet with a
$225,000 loan.

Owners Michael and Colleen Lemza will use the $900,000 to expand their
pallet-manufacturing business to include wood-pellet production.

The pellets would be made from sawdust and wood residue by-products from the
pallet-making process.

"It's been a long process getting to this point," Mr. Lemza said.

Collins said the Rural Energy for America Program is funded through the 2008
federal Farm Bill. It allows eligible farms and rural small businesses to get
funds to improve energy efficiency.

"This project fits that to a T."

Collins said he's excited about the project. Local production of wood pellets
could help lower heating costs for area residents, he said.

Essex Box and Pallet has 12 employees now, and Mr. Lemza said they are likely to
add two when the pellet manufacturing starts. The company could eventually add
up to eight workers if demand requires.

"Our goal is to produce pellets by the end of May or early June," Mr. Lemza
said.

Owens said this is a great example of collaboration between the public and
private sectors. It is also a way to take advantage of the many opportunities
for bio-mass energy production available in the Adirondacks, he said.

"This is proof these kind of projects are going forward and creating jobs."

Essex County IDA Co-Executive Director Carol Calabrese said the agency provided
funding through the Essex County Economic Development Revolving Loan Fund.

"We've been working with Michael and Colleen for the past 2 1/2 years on this
project," she said.

The use of a waste by-product for energy is a fabulous example of green energy,
Calabrese said.

"This is the truest form of green I can think of."

Chesterfield Town Supervisor Gerald Morrow said most people don't realize the
obstacles the Lemzas faced as they worked to expand their business. It was done
despite the difficult economic climate in Essex County, New York state and the
Adirondack Park, he said.

"Essex County and the Town of Chesterfield owes them a debt of gratitude."

WILLSBORO SCHOOL

Collins also announced a $600,000 loan guarantee to Stonebrook Properties.

Stonebrook owner Eli Schwartzberg plans to convert the former Willsboro School
building into Champlain Valley Senior Community, a 62-room assisted-living
facility.

The loan guarantee will be used to install a wood-pellet boiler to heat the
facility.

Schwartzberg said the availability of high-quality wood pellets produced 20
minutes away will save him a lot in transportation charges.

"I'm going to be a local customer for this (Essex Box and Pallet) project."

He said renovations should start within three months and be done by late 2011 or
early 2012.

The project also previously received a $5.3 million loan guarantee through the
USDA Business and Industry Loan program.

It is an ideal location, Schwartberg said, because it's within easy walking
distance to the library, restaurants and churches. It is also a short ride to
catch the Essex ferry to Burlington.

ESSEX FARM

The third announcement was for a $40,780 USDA grant to Essex Farm.

It will be used to install a 25-kilowatt solar photovoltaic system at the farm.

"All told, we have had a pretty significant impact in Essex County through this
program this year," Collins said.

E-mail Dan Heath at:

dheath@pressrepublican.com

To see more of The Press-Republican or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pressrepublican.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Press-Republican,
Plattsburgh, N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101109-ZI-Funding-gives-boost-to-Essex-County-businesses-1109-20101109

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZI


                      Copyright 2010 The Press-Republican


                             235 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Farmer Mac Guarantees Conventional Loans

                           December 31, 1991, Tuesday

Debra Cope

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The secondary mortgage market agency known as Farmer Mac got off the ground
earlier this month by placing its first-ever guarantee on securities backed by
conventional farm mortgages.

The Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp. guaranteed timely payment of principal
and interest to investors in securities backed by a $112 million pool of
agricultural real estate mortgages.

The loans were pooled by John Hancock Life Insurance Co., which may now hold the
guaranteed securities or sell them to third-party investors.

Farmer Mac was established in 1987 to boost liquidity for farm lenders. Though
it has guaranteed securities backed by government farm mortgages, it has been
struggling for the past two years to get its flagship program moving.
The American Banker

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 131 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1991 American Banker, Inc.


                             236 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             July 3, 1982 Saturday

Governments must take   Massey shares Monday

BYLINE: NICHOLAS HUNTER; GAM

LENGTH: 500 words


By  NICHOLAS HUNTER
   The process that will make the federal and Ontario Governments major
 shareholders in Massey-Ferguson Ltd. of Toronto will begin Monday when the
 governments are obligated to start redeeming $200-million of Massey
 preferred shares.

Massey, which has lost $834-million (U.S.) since 1978, triggered the
 process when it suspended dividend payments on preferred shares a month
 ago and the governments were forced to call loan guarantees to the multi-n
 ational manufacturer of farm equipment.

The buying of the preferreds is a reminder of the risks governments
 take when they bail out companies in this manner and a warning of the
 dangers involved in the federal Government's recent $100-million loan
 guarantee to Dome Canada Ltd., a unit of debt-ridden Dome Petroleum Ltd.
 of Calgary.

Also, in the case of Massey, the refinancing package has proved
 inadequate under the difficult market conditions for farm equipment and
 the company has started a second debt restructuring.

The federal Government has said it does not want to get involved in the
 management of Massey, and Ontario Industry Minister Gordon Walker has said
 the province will have to consider whether it will want a say in the
 running of the company.

Under the $715-million refinancing agreement completed last year with
 Massey, the governments must buy the preferred shares that are turned in.
 Shareholders have 60 days from June 30 to turn in their shares.

And any thoughts that most of the shares would not be turned in have
 been dismissed in the month since Massey announced the suspension of
 dividends. Since the May 28 announcement, more than five million of the
 eight million preferreds have been turned in - despite the fact the
 redeeming process would not begin until July.

If all the preferreds are turned in, the federal Government will be a 7
 per cent Massey shareholder, with five million shares, and the Ontario
 Government will take a 3.6 per cent stake, with three million shares. The
 federal Government guaranteed $125-million of the shares and the Ontario
 Government $75-million.

The shares were held by 15 Canadian institutions including the Royal
 Bank of Canada with $100-million.

An agency of the British Government, the Export Credit Guarantee
 Department, which guaranteed an $87-million loan to Massey, stands to
 become a 4.2 per cent shareholder. The shares guaranteed by Britain are
 held by the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce.

Massey is hoping the saving of $48-million in preferred dividend
 payments will help it weather its continuing financial crisis and the
 current period of declining farm equipment sales for all companies.

Massey lost $25.7-million (U.S.) in the second quarter of the current
 fiscal year on sales of $558-million, compared with an $8-million loss on
 sales of $721-million in the second quarter last year.

This year's results include a $14.2-million loss on currency exchange,
 compared with an exchange gain of $23.4-million and a provision for
 unusual costs of $3.7-million last year.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1982 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             237 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 8, 2014 Monday

Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation Funding and Fiscal Affairs; Farmer Mac
Liquidity Management; Correction

LENGTH: 1503  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Final Rule; Correcting Amendment.
Summary

The Farm Credit Administration (FCA) published a final rule in the Federal
Register on November 1, 2013 to strengthen liquidity risk management at the
Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation, improve the quality of assets in its
liquidity reserves, and bolster its ability to fund its obligations and continue
operations during times of economic, financial, or market adversity. This
document corrects and clarifies the section amended by final rule.
Unified Agenda
Farmer Mac--Liquidity Management

3 actions from May 8th, 2013 to November 2013

May 8th, 2013
        Proposed Rule; Reopening of Comment Period
        78 FR 26711
    June 7th, 2013
        Reopening Comment Period End
    November 2013
        Final Rule


Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    List of Subjects in 12 CFR Part 652
    PART 652--FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION FUNDING AND FISCAL
AFFAIRS

DATES: Back to Top

Effective April 30, 2014.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Joseph T. Connor, Associate Director for Policy and Analysis, Office of
Secondary Market Oversight, Farm Credit Administration, McLean, VA 22102-5090,
(703) 883-4280, TTY (703) 883-4056; orRichard A. Katz, Senior Counsel, Office of
General Counsel, Farm Credit Administration, McLean, VA 22102-5090, (703)
883-4020, TTY (703) 883-4056.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

The FCA published a final rule in the Federal Register on November 1, 2013, (78
FR 65541) amending part 652. This final rule was corrected on May 20, 2014 (79
FR 28810) to accurately reflect the addition of new definitions. The final rule
became effective on April 30, 2014. See 79 FR 29074, May 21, 2014. Due to a
technical error in the language used in both the correction document and
effective date notice, a portion of 12 CFR 652.5 was inadvertently removed. This
correcting amendment reinstates the section as was intended by both the November
1, 2013, rule and its May 20, 2014, correction.
List of Subjects in 12 CFR Part 652 Back to Top

Agriculture
    Banks
    Banking
    Capital
    Investments
    Rural areas

For reasons stated in the preamble, the FCA amends 12 CFR part 652 with the
following correcting amendment:
begin regulatory text
PART 652--FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION FUNDING AND FISCAL AFFAIRS
Back to Top

1.The authority citation for part 652 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

Secs. 4.12, 5.9, 5.17, 8.11, 8.31, 8.32, 8.33, 8.34, 8.35, 8.36, 8.37, 8.41 of
the Farm Credit Act (12 U.S.C. 2183, 2243, 2252, 2279aa-11, 2279bb, 2279bb-1,
2279bb-2, 2279bb-3, 2279bb-4, 2279bb-5, 2279bb-6, 2279cc); sec. 514 of 102, 106
Stat. 4102; sec. 118 of Pub. L. 104-105, 110 Stat. 168; sec. 939A of 11, 124
Stat. 1326, 1887 (15 U.S.C. 78o-7 note) (July 21, 2010).

2.Revise § 652.5 to read as follows:
§ 652.5 Definitions.

For purposes of this subpart, the following definitions will apply:

Affiliate means any entity established under authority granted to the
Corporation under section 8.3(c)(14) of the Farm Credit Act of 1971, as amended.

Asset-backed securities (ABS) mean investment securities that provide for
ownership of a fractional undivided interest or collateral interests in specific
assets of a trust that are sold and traded in the capital markets. For the
purposes of this subpart, ABS exclude mortgage securities that are defined
below.

Cash means cash balances held at Federal Reserve Banks, proceeds from
traded-but-not-yet-settled debt, and deposit accounts at Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation-insured banks.

Contingency Funding Plan (CFP) is described in § 652.35(d)(2).

Eurodollar time deposit means a non-negotiable deposit denominated in United
States dollars and issued by an overseas branch of a United States bank or by a
foreign bank outside the United States.

Farmer Mac, Corporation, you, and your means the Federal Agricultural Mortgage
Corporation and its affiliates.

FCA, our, us, or we means the Farm Credit Administration.

Final maturity means the last date on which the remaining principal amount of a
security is due and payable (matures) to the registered owner. It does not mean
the call date, the expected average life, the duration, or the weighted average
maturity.

General obligations of a state or political subdivision means:

(1) The full faith and credit obligations of a state, the District of Columbia,
the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, a territory or possession of the United States,
or a political subdivision thereof that possesses general powers of taxation,
including property taxation; or

(2) An obligation that is unconditionally guaranteed by an obligor possessing
general powers of taxation, including property taxation.

Government agency means the United States or an agency, instrumentality, or
corporation of the United States Government whose obligations are fully and
explicitly insured or guaranteed as to the timely repayment of principal and
interest by the full faith and credit of the United States Government.

Government-sponsored agency means an agency, instrumentality, or corporation
chartered or established to serve public purposes specified by the United States
Congress but whose obligations are not fully and explicitly insured or
guaranteed by the full faith and credit of the United States Government,
including but not limited to any Government-sponsored enterprise.

Liability Maturity Management Plan (LMMP) is described in § 652.35(d)(2)(iv).

Liquid investments are assets that can be promptly converted into cash without
significant loss to the investor. A security is liquid if the spread between its
bid price and ask price is narrow and a reasonable amount can be sold at those
prices promptly.

Liquidity reserve is described in § 652.40.

Long-Term Standby Purchase Commitment (LTSPC) is a commitment by Farmer Mac to
purchase specified eligible loans on one or more undetermined future dates. In
consideration for Farmer Mac's assumption of the credit risk on the specified
loans underlying an LTSPC, Farmer Mac receives an annual commitment fee on the
outstanding balance of those loans in monthly installments based on the
outstanding balance of those loans.

Market risk means the risk to your financial condition because the value of your
holdings may decline if interest rates or market prices change. Exposure to
market risk is measured by assessing the effect of changing rates and prices on
either the earnings or economic value of an individual instrument, a portfolio,
or the entire Corporation.

Maturing obligations means maturing debt and other obligations that may be
expected, such as buyouts of long-term standby purchase commitments or
repurchases of agricultural mortgage securities.

Mortgage securities means securities that are either:

(1) Pass-through securities or participation certificates that represent
ownership of a fractional undivided interest in a specified pool of residential
(excluding home equity loans), multifamily or commercial mortgages, or

(2) A multiclass security (including collateralized mortgage obligations and
real estate mortgage investment conduits) that is backed by a pool of
residential, multifamily or commercial real estate mortgages, pass-through
mortgage securities, or other multiclass mortgage securities.

(3) This definition does not include agricultural mortgage-backed securities
guaranteed by Farmer Mac itself.

Nationally recognized statistical rating organization (NRSRO) means a rating
organization that the Securities and Exchange Commission recognizes as an NRSRO.

Non-program investments means investments other than those in:

(1) "Qualified loans" as defined in section 8.0(9) of the Farm Credit Act of
1971, as amended; or

(2) Securities collateralized by "qualified loans."

OSMO means FCA's Office of Secondary Market Oversight.

Program assets means on-balance sheet "qualified loans" as defined in section
8.0(9) of the Farm Credit Act of 1971, as amended.

Program obligations means off-balance sheet "qualified loans" as defined in
section 8.0(9) of the Farm Credit Act of 1971, as amended.

Regulatory capital means your core capital plus an allowance for losses and
guarantee claims, as determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles.

Revenue bond means an obligation of a municipal government that finances a
specific project or enterprise, but it is not a full faith and credit
obligation. The obligor pays a portion of the revenue generated by the project
or enterprise to the bondholders.

Weighted average life (WAL) means the average time until the investor receives
the principal on a security, weighted by the size of each principal payment and
calculated under specified prepayment assumptions.Show citation box
end regulatory text

Dated: September 3, 2014.

Dale L. Aultman,

Secretary, Farm Credit Administration Board.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             238 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

REGULATOR' S MAILBAG: Proposal to Cut Red Tape in Farm Lending Is Greeted Coolly
by Agricultural Bankers

                            August 13, 1993, Friday

By TERRENCE O'HARA


The Farmers Home Administration wants to create a Certified Lender Program to
replace the Approved Lender Program for its guaranteed farm loans.

The program would greatly reduce the paperwork for certified lenders on loans of
less than $50,000. To be certified, lenders would have to have made at least
five guaranteed loans in the previous two years.

By this week, two dozen lenders had commented on the proposal, almost all of
them small rural banks and thrifts. Active Farmers Home Administration lenders
think the rule would not apply to most of their loans, while less-active lenders
think it is too restrictive.

***

I am a good lender and represent a good bank. I have used FmHA guarantees over
the last 18 years. Do not exclude the smaller banks from participating in the
certified lender program by requiring X number of loans written in the past two
years.

Earl Zimmerman President Wabasso State Bank Wabasso, Minn.

*** Most of our FmHA loans average $150,000 and we feel that while it is
probably a must that we transfer to CLP lenders when our present approved lender
program expires, we will have almost no loans of your proposed $50,000 and
below.

This would necessitate our filing the usual long form on applications. This
would increase our paperwork by many fold.

C.A. Patout Chairman and chief executive Gulf Coast Bank Abbeville, La.

*** I am wondering if the proposed rules include a typographical error? After
reading "guaranteed loans of $50,000 or less," I didn't even bother to read all
the rest of the proposed rules and regs. At $500,000 or less, we might consider
applying for CLP status.

Roland Narr Senior vice president State Bank of Young America Young America,
Minn.

*** I have reviewed with great difficulty the Certified Lenders Program interim
rule. I am very disappointed with this program. Its mission to streamline the
applications process is wide of the mark.

What American agriculture and my customers need is a simplified process for
amounts considerably in excess of $50,000.

(The CLP) is worthless to American agriculture and the banks who hope to serve
their customers. It is a bureaucratic attempt that appears to comply with
Congressional mandate, but in fact does not.

Horace Eaton President First State Bank and Trust Hollis, Okla.

*** FmHA has limited CLP status to the top 16 percent of FmHA lenders who are
holding 60% of the current agency portfolio. How does this encourage new lenders
to use the program?

Michael Granlund Vice president Walhalla State Bank Walhalla, N.D.

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 456 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1993 American Banker, Inc.


                             239 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                January 16, 1995

FmHA 'Not Effective' in Switching Borrowers

BYLINE: By STAN STRACHAN

SECTION: FARM AND RURAL MORTGAGES; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 300 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Farmers Home Administration has not been effective in switching borrowers
using its direct loan programs to commercial bankoriginated guaranteed loans.

And, says the General Accounting Office, the Farmers Home has guaranteed new
loans to borrowers who have defaulted on their direct loans from the government.

The borrowers in the guaranteed program "present less financial risk than direct
loan borrowers," GAO says, resulting in "substantially lower rates of
delinquency and loan losses."

In recent years the FmHA has made about $ 1.5 billion annually in guaranteed
loans and at September 30, 1993 (the most recent date) has about $ 5 billion in
outstandings under the program.

"FmHA has hundreds of millions of dollars in guaranteed loans that are at risk,
in part, because FmHA's lending policies allow borrowers who defaulted on past
loans to obtain new guaranteed loans," the agency stressed in a report to the
agriculture committees of both houses of Congress.

FmHA field offices have "not always followed the agency's standards for
servicing guaranteed loans," which are designed to protect the government's
interest.

The Congressional auditors said the guaranteed loan program "has not been used
effectively as a tool for graduating direct loan borrowers to commercial
credit."

From fiscal 1991 to 1993 only 4% of direct loan borrowers obtained guaranteed
loans.

Some borrowers, GAO infers, "may have direct loans longer than justified, taking
advantage of the more favorable terms" and rates.

Commercial bankers told GAO staff that "changes . . . are needed in order for
lenders to consider taking on more direct loan borrowers."

And, the direct lending program needs incentives for borrowers to consider
switching from direct government loans to the guarantee program.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph, While direct lending by the Farmers Home Administration declined
sharply in the late 1980s it has plateaued in recent years, as has the volume of
FmHA-guaranteed loans.

                   Copyright 1995 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             240 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)

                              July 6, 2004 Tuesday

Federal loans help businesses

BYLINE: By Zahira Torres, El Paso Times

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1F

LENGTH: 288 words


El Paso Times

Two area companies were awarded more than $4.8 million in loans by the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Rural Development division to assist rural
communities.

"Rural development is part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's initiative to
help small communities improve their economic development and quality of life,"
said John Perkins, the department's acting area director.

Paul Schmieder, who owns El Paso Travel Plaza in Horizon City, said the $2.5
million guaranteed loan he was able to get from the agriculture department
allows him to refinance and plan for the future expansion of his truck stop.

"It is a very fine program that unfortunately not many people are aware of,"
Schmieder said. "It helped me get a loan with reduced monthly payments, good low
monthly rates and stretched-out payments."

Schmieder, who employs about 60 people, said he is looking forward to adding
more jobs with the added funding.

A 40-unit Farm Labor Housing complex will be built in Socorro with the $2.32
million loan given to Hacienda Santa Barbara. The loan is expected to offer
"affordable, safe and decent living" for migrant workers and their families.

The USDA Rural Development Business Programs provided more than $38 million in
guaranteed loans to 16 rural businesses throughout Texas in its 2003 fiscal
year.

At a glance

. Paul Schmieder, who owns El Paso Travel Plaza in Horizon City, received a $2.5
million loan to plan for an expansion of his truck stop.

. A 40-unit Farm Labor Housing complex will be built in Socorro with a $2.32
million loan given to Hacienda Santa Barbara. The loan is expected to offer
affordable living for migrant workers and their families.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2004 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             241 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           November 10, 1983 Thursday

Sale of White Farm approved,   aid cost governments $8-million

BYLINE: ANN SILVERSIDES; GAM

LENGTH: 535 words


By  ANN SILVERSIDES
   The sale of White Farm Equipment Ltd. of Brantford, Ont., which was
 approved yesterday by the Supreme Court of Ontario, will bring net
 proceeds of an estimated $7.9-million, according to documents filed in
 court by the receiver.

Because of the extent of government involvement in the troubled farm
 equipment company, White Farm's insolvency has cost taxpayers about $8-
 million.

White Farm has been in receivership since June, and the agreement for
 the going-concern sale was signed with Borg-Warner Acceptance (Canada)
 Ltd. of Toronto, a finance subsidiary of a U.S. conglomerate.

The agreement is subject to approval by the Foreign Investment Review
 Agency and conditional on Borg-Warner negotiating, before the end of this
 month, "acceptable changes" in the collective agreements between the
 United Auto Workers union and White Farm.

The federal and Ontario governments guaranteed loans to White Farm
 worth $16.7-million. With net proceeds expected to be $7.9-million, that
 leaves a shortfall of $8.8-million. The Ontario Government loans were
 guaranteed 100 per cent, and the federal loans, 90 per cent.

Under the agreement signed with receiver-manager Peat Marwick Ltd. of
 Toronto, Borg-Warner will pay $4.8-million cash for the remaining assets
 of the company and will also assume liabilities of up to $2.7-million.
    (The estimate of net proceeds includes money realized by Peat Marwick
 on the sale of assets prior to the agreement with Borg-Warner and all the
 costs of the receivership.)
    Borg-Warner has financed other farm equipment companies and does not
 want to operate White Farm. It has said that prior to the closing date, it
 will transfer its shares in White to a Canadian company and help that
 company with financing.
    (The finance company, in a letter to the receiver, estimated $10-
 million would be needed after the sale closes to prepare for reopening the
 plant and another $10-million would be necessary in the first 18 months of
 operation.)
    Borg-Warner will, however, retain effective control of White in the
 form of debentures that can be converted into common shares "carrying at
 least 51 per cent of the voting rights," the agreement states.

The net proceeds expected from the going-concern sale agreement with
 Borg-Warner are less than the $8.4-million that the receiver estimated
 would be realized from liquidation of the farm equipment company.

However, the secured creditors and guarantors agreed early on in the
 receivership to opt for a going-concern sale, if the price was right, for
 "commercial and social" reasons, said Gary Colter of Peat Marwick.

In its recommendation, Peat Marwick said the sale "may result" in the
 protection of jobs of White Farm employees and the continued supply of
 combines and repair parts.

Federal Industry Minister Edward Lumley has said approval of the sale
 by FIRA would be contingent on commitments by Borg-Warner to supply parts
 and equipment, keep manufacturing jobs in Canada, and develop and exploit
 the company's axial-flow combine technology in Canada.

The finance company said it expected the farm equipment company would
 employ 100 people by the end of January, 1984, for parts manufacturing and
 inventory replacement.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             242 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                           September 30, 2008 Tuesday

Capital Concerns Could Hamstring Farmer Mac

BYLINE: Robert Barba

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 1 Vol. 173 No. 189

LENGTH: 869  words


Battered by losses on its investments in Fannie Mae and Lehman Brothers, the
Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp. is facing a capital shortage that could
force it to reduce its role in providing a secondary market for farm mortgages.

The government-sponsored enterprise better known as Farmer Mac has already taken
a $44 million impairment charge on its investment in Fannie preferred shares,
which have lost much of their value since the government seized the mortgage
giant. And last week Farmer Mac estimated that it would have to write off $48
million on its investment in Lehman securities. The investment bank filed for
bankruptcy Sept. 22.

The GSE says it is working on a plan to shore up capital, but if it fails to do
so, its regulator said it could order Farmer Mac to scale back programs that
help banks and Farm Credit System lenders extend credit to farmers.

Farmer Mac would not comment for this story, but in a Sept. 22 filing with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, it said it could not promise it would meet
regulatory capital requirements by Sept. 30.

"Farmer Mac is moving forward to implement one or more strategies to restore its
capital position," the filing said. "Farmer Mac cannot give assurances that it
will be in compliance with its statutory minimum capital requirement."

The GSE also said it has hired a financial adviser to explore ways to restore
capital, which could include selling assets, as well as preferred and common
stock.

The sharp decline in its investments has spooked shareholders. Farmer Mac's
common stock has lost more than 87% of its value since Fannie and its sister
company, Freddie Mac, were taken over Sept. 5.

Unlike other institutions that have taken large capital hits on investments in
the mortgage giants, Farmer Mac would not be eligible to write off its losses as
part of the government's $700 billion rescue of the financial industry. A
provision in the bill that allows for tax writeoffs would extend only to
community banks. (In a surprise, the House rejected the bill Monday.)

The Office of Secondary Market Oversight, a department of the Farm Credit
Administration, regulates Farmer Mac. The office's director, Robert Coleman,
said the GSE must maintain minimum capital levels equal to 2.75% of its total
balance sheet and 0.75% of the loans it guarantees. At June 30 it had $260
million of capital, exceeding its minimum by $40 million.

In its second-quarter report, Farmer Mac said it had $712.4 million in cash and
cash equivalents that "can be drawn upon for liquidity needs." Mr. Coleman said
using the cash reserves might be its best bet.

"Cash is the easiest way for them to raise capital here," he said. "If all of
those options were to fail. and they do not have sufficient capital, there are
several different levels of enforcement we could take."

On the light end of enforcement, the regulator could force Farmer Mac to adopt a
capital restoration plan. It could also go as far as ordering the GSE to stop
paying dividends, slow its growth, or even suspend programs.

"There are several different possibilities," Mr. Coleman said. "But we certainly
want Farmer Mac in good shape as quickly as possible."

Farmer Mac's main function is buying farm mortgages from banks and Farm Credit
lenders and selling instruments on those loans. It also buys the guaranteed
portion of loans from the Department of Agriculture.

Unlike its cousins, Farmer Mac is not having issues with the asset quality of
the loans it buys. It said in its SEC filing that programs "continue to perform
well, with delinquencies remaining at historically low levels consistent with
the continued strength of the U.S. agricultural economy." Only $8 million of the
$9.5 billion of loans and guarantees it holds were more than 90 days past due.

Farmer Mac "is a critical piece in the farm real estate lending network," said
John Blanchfield, senior vice president of the American Bankers Association. "We
are keeping a watchful eye on it. ... Our hope and expectation is that they can
get it worked out."

Ken Auer, president and chief executive of the Farm Credit Council, a trade
group for Farm Credit System lenders, echoed Mr. Blanchfield's sentiments.

"Our hope is that the tools remain available," Mr. Auer said. "Everyone is
watching carefully."

Mr. Blanchfield said Farmer Mac offers two other programs that could be
particularly useful, given bankers' current struggle with liquidity and capital.
Through its AgVantage program, the GSE guarantees payment on mortgage-backed
notes issued by banks. Last month it announced it would guarantee $475 million
of agricultural mortgage-backed notes issued by Marshall & Ilsley Corp.

Another program guarantees loans held by banks to lessen capital reserves on
those loans. BankWest Inc. in Pierre, S.D., has used that program for four years
and has $35 million of its $160 million agricultural portfolio guaranteed, said
Steven Bumann, the $710 million-asset company's chief financial officer.

Though BankWest is not overly reliant on the guarantee, halting the program
could "potentially hamper our ability to grow a bit," Mr. Bumann said. "It
wouldn't handcuff us, but it would take a tool or two away from us that helps us
be more competitive."

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AB


                        Copyright 2008 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             243 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Use of Bonds To Aid Farmers Seen on Rise

                          February 25, 1981, Wednesday

By Joseph Palumbo


The use of tax-exempt bonds to assist farmers in the purchase of agricultural
property seems to be increasing.

Delaware is now looking toward the possible use of bonds for this purpose,
joining Florida, Georgia, Iowa, New Mexico, Alabama, South Dakota, Louisiana and
Oklahoma.  Louisiana has already sold a $25 million issue for agricultural
purposes.

In Florida, the state legislature is currently in the process of preparing a
bill establishing an authority to issue tax-exempts to farmers and
agribusinesses to buy land in areas of the state where the population is booming
and land is becoming very scarce.

Georgia also has worked toward issuing bonds for purchase of farmlands through
several of its state agencies and South Dakota also has agricultural bonds under
review.

A report prepared by the Delaware Gov. Pierre duPont's Advisory Committee on
Farmland Preservation showed need for that state to maintain its farmland.

The committee's report suggested that the state's Office of Management, Budget
and Planning be given the responsibility for agricultural land concerns and
suggested that OMBP examine the use of "innovative agricultural credit
resources," such as tax-exempt agri-bonds.

The committee also recommended that farmland owners be exempted from property
taxes, utility taxes, or fees, school taxes and all other service or district
taxes or assessments, except for farm or accessory residences.

The committee pointed out that residential demand for land seems to be the chief
non-farm influence on real estate values in Delaware.  Strip developments and
subdivisions compete against each other, the report said.

"Uncertainty over the future timing and path of urban development hinders
Delaware farmers who want to keep farming.  Unsure about whether they may give
up agriculture by choice or necessity, farmers next to urbanization hesitate to
invest in building improvements, machinery and equipment, soil and water
conservation measures and other expensive capital outlays for which the economic
return is long term," the report continued.

The report also noted that projects such as sewage disposal facilities, highway
transportation systems and rural subdivision streets by government entities
rarely consider the impact on agriculture.

The agriculture development revenue bonds call for the proceeds of tax-exempt
bonds issued by a state authority to buy farm loans from commercial lenders made
under five Farmers Home Administration loan programs.  The portfolio consists of
90% Federally-guaranteed loans under the FmHA farmer program.

The state authority purchases from a commercial lender 90% of the farmer
program-guaranteed loans originated under the Farm Ownership, Farm Operating,
Soil and Water Conservation, Emergency Disaster and Economic Emergency programs.

Repayment of the loan is made to the lending institutions which are holding 10%
of the loan, or the unguaranteed portion.  The lender, in turn, remits 90% of
the loan plus interest to the trustee.  The commercial lenders also act as
servicers for the bond issue.

Although the farmer, who receives a loan ranging from $75,000 to $100,000, pays
a uniform rate of interest, the banks actually loan the money at a commercial
rate, while the tax-exempt financing provides a low interest loan.

The result is a loan that is between 4% and as much as 12% lower on an annual
basis than other sources of farm credit, such as commercial banks, production
credit associations or even FmHA direct loans financed by the Federal Financing
Bank.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 601 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1981 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             244 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Baltimore Sun

                           August 17, 2016 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

PNC Bank agrees to pay $9.5M to settle loan claims

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; A; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 575  words


PNC Bank agrees to pay $9.5M to settle loan claims

PNC Bank will pay $9.5 million to settle claims by the U.S. Department of
Justice in connection with loans guaranteed by the U.S. Small Business
Administration.

The settlement was announced Tuesday by Maryland U.S. Attorney Rod J.
Rosenstein. The Justice Department had said the bank failed to adhere to SBA
requirements when it approved 74 SBA-guaranteed loans brokered by Jade Capital &
Investments LLC.

Justice officials had alleged that the bank failed to demand adequate bank and
IRS tax records from borrowers or to apply "prudent" lending standards. When the
loans went into default, Pittsburgh-based PNC then sought payment on SBA
guarantees even though certain requirements were not met, the department said.

Fred Solomon, a PNC spokesman, said the bank denies the allegations and was a
victim of the fraud.

-Lorraine Mirabella

Maryland's Hadley Farms moving 120 jobs to Pa.

Western Maryland commercial baker Hadley Farms Inc. said it will move its
manufacturing operation and about 120 jobs to Pennsylvania. Hadley Farms was
established in 1980 near Smithsburg.

The company makes baked goods for food-service, fundraising and retail markets.

This week officials in Pennsylvania approved development plans for the company's
relocation to an industrial park in Zullinger, Pa., according to The Herald-Mail
of Hagerstown.

The Pennsylvania Department of Community and Economic Development said in a
statement it offered Hadley Farms a $250,000 grant and encouraged it to apply
for $2.4 million in low-interest loans through the Pennsylvania Industrial
Development Authority. Vice President Chris DeHaan said company officials
"couldn't be happier" with the relocation.

-Associated Press

Fuel-efficiency standards for trucks are approved

The Obama administration said it is adopting previously announced standards to
make large trucks, buses and other heavy-duty vehicles more fuel efficient. The
Environmental Protection Agency and the Transportation Department said the
standards will cut carbon pollution, save vehicle owners billions of dollars in
fuel costs and conserve tens of billions of gallons of oil.

The vehicles account for more than one-fifth of transportation-related fuel
consumption and the emission of greenhouse gases blamed for harming the
environment.

The standards require up to 25 percent lower carbon emissions and fuel
consumption for certain tractors. Heavy duty pickups and vans will have to
become 2.5 percent more efficient annually between model years 2021 and 2027.

An earlier round of fuel-efficiency standards applied to vehicle model years
2014-2018.

-Associated Press

C.J. Miller asphalt plant to create up to 100 jobs

Hampstead-based construction business C.J. Miller will mark the opening today of
a new asphalt plant in Finksburg, a $9 million project completed in June that is
expected to create up to 100 jobs.

Officials say the plant will help the company increase production, energy
efficiency and safety.

New technology at the plant will enable the use of recycled highway materials,
which are more cost-effective in building new highways.

C.J. Miller operates three other plants - in Finksburg, Westminster and
Woodsboro. The family business, which has 450 workers, started in 1957 and
opened its first asphalt plant in Woodsboro.

The company produced more than 700,000 tons of asphalt last year for highways,
driveways and other projects.

-Lorraine Mirabella

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 The Baltimore Sun Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             245 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Bank of North Dakota Had Record Year

                            February 5, 1981, Friday

DATELINE: BISMARCK, N.D.


The Bank of North Dakota last year set a record for loan activity.

Working in cooperation with the state's financial institutions and the Farmers
Home Administration, the state-owned bank advanced $115.9 million in new
business and agricultural loans and was repaid $112.3 million, resulting in a
total volume of over $228 million dollars.

At yearend the loan portfolio totaled over $328 million, which included $5.4
million in student loans, $156.7 million in housing loans, $30.6 million in farm
and ranch ownership loans (including $9.4 million to beginning farmers, $17.2
million in SBA-guaranteed loans, $5 million in bank stock loans, $8.5 million in
FHA-guaranteed business and industry loans and $103.9 million in bank
participation loans to farmers, ranchers and businessmen.

In addition to its loan portfolio, the bank also administers $56 million in
student loans which are pledged to the North Dakota Student Loan Revenue Bonds,
$40.9 million in farm and ranch real estate loans for the state land department,
and $3.3 million in loans to rural water districts.

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 181 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1981 American Banker, Inc.


                             246 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 18, 1986, Monday, Late City Final Edition

CRISES GENERATE NOVEL BOND SALES

BYLINE: By MICHAEL QUINT

SECTION: Section D; Page 1, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 1176 words


Local governments around the country are turning to Wall Street securities
dealers for novel bond sales to help solve two problems: the scarcity and high
cost of liability insurance for municipal governments and the plight of farmers.

While the new kinds of bonds will not eliminate the causes of the crises in
liability insurance and agriculture, local government officials are enthusiastic
about any relief from any source.

''We have cities that are operating without any liability coverage at all, and
our surveys show a tremendous outpouring of interest in programs that would make
insurance available,'' said Paul S. Gravel, executive director of the Louisiana
Public Facilities Authority. $280 Million of Bonds Last week the authority sold
$280 million of bonds through Paine Webber Inc. to finance the start-up of a
special purpose insurance company offering liability insurance for local
governments in Louisiana. The new Louisiana program is an alternative to
expensive insurance through regular channels, if it is available at all.

To put the program on a sound business footing, the insurance brokerage firm of
Johnson & Higgins will evaluate each participating local government to determine
how much coverage it needs and the size of its insurance premium. Depending on
its estimated needs, the local government will borrow funds from the authority
and then contribute that money to a special-purpose insurance association. Each
year, the local government will then pay from its general funds a sum equal to
its share of the interest and principal payments due on the $280 million bond
sale.

Jim Smith, a vice president at Johnson & Higgins and specialist in municipal
liability insurance, noted that ''the Louisiana program and others like it will
bring stability to financial planning so that a government will have insurance
and know each year how much it will have to pay.''

Bondholders will be protected by the legal promise of each participating
government and by an insurance policy covering bond interest and principal from
the Ambac Indemnity Corporation. To hold interest costs down, the bonds carry a
floating rate of less than 5 percent initially and will convert to higher fixed
rates as the bond proceeds are committed to the insurance program.

James R. Keyes, financial director of Shreveport, La., noted that the Louisiana
program ''gives us more control over our own destiny'' and added that ''it may
be difficult for us to go back to the regular insurance companies.''

Shreveport's Insurance Plight

In Shreveport, the dearth of private insurance left the city with a liability
insurance policy of only $1 million this year, with a $500,000 deductible, down
from a $30 million policy in 1985 with a $100,000 deductible. Nevertheless, Tom
Tomlinson, the city's risk and liability manager, said the cost of insurance
this year was about 20 times the cost of previous years.

The Louisiana authority financing, sold as tax-exempt bonds whose interest is
not subject to Federal income tax, was the first of several similar financings
expected by investment bankers. Shawn McCarthy, an investment banker at Paine
Webber, noted that more than 10 states are working on similar financings but
that state legislation is still needed. New York, New Jersey, Missouri and Texas
are among the most interested.

In Los Angeles County, officials in 23 cities are working on a plan to sell
bonds later this year that would finance a self-insurance pool. According to
Mark J. Adler, a vice president in the Los Angeles office of Drexel Burnham
Lambert Inc., proceeds from the debt sale would be used to fund an insurance
reserve, which would be available to pay claims against the participating
cities.

Although the California cities suffer from the same lack of insurance
availability as many others, Mr. Adler noted, ''In the past few years, the
municipalities here have paid more in premiums than the insurance companies have
had to pay out.'' He added, ''If that pattern continues under this program, the
local governments might get some money back, which is something I never heard of
an insurance company doing.''

Financing to Help Farmers

Under a planned financing aimed at helping farmers, a state authority sells
bonds and uses the proceeds to buy from local banks the portion of farm loans
guaranteed by the Farmers Home Administration, an arm of the Federal Government.
Although no new bonds for this purpose have been announced yet, investment
banking sources said the first financing of about $150 million is expected soon
for the Louisiana Agricultural Finance Authority, through underwriters led by
Drexel.

Because these 10-year bonds, whose interest is subject to Federal tax, can be
sold at an interest rate estimated at about 8 1/2 percent, the state authority
could then have leeway to sharply reduce the interest rate on the farmers'
loans, some of which are over 12 percent and have floating interest rates.

''We've been asking for help and are real pleased at anything that Wall Street
can do,'' said Jim L. Rubingh, secretary of the Colorado Agricultural
Development Authority. He said the Colorado authority hoped to soon sell about
$150 million of bonds through Drexel to finance the purchase of farm loans
guaranteed by the Farmers Home Administration. After buying the loans, the state
authority will reduce the interest rates on the loans as much as five percentage
points from the rates charged by local banks.

Mr. Rubingh said, ''For a borrower with a $300,000 or $400,000 loan, who had to
be in weak condition just to get the Farmers Home guarantee in the first place,
the lower interest rate can be enough to make a real difference.''

Peter Avalone, a managing director at Drexel, estimated that bond sales to buy
loans guaranteed by the Farmers Home Administration could proliferate in coming
weeks and total about $1 billion. He noted that interest on the bonds would not
be exempt from Federal income tax, but because of the high quality of the
underlying assets (the United States Government guaranteed portion of the loans)
, the bonds can still sell at a low enough interest rate to make the financings
very attractive.

Earlier attempts at similar financings using tax-exempt bonds were unsuccessful,
he noted, because they ran afoul of a ban on sales of tax-exempt bonds with
Federal Government guarantees.

Bond sales by various state authorities are not the only financial solution
proposed for the problems of farmers. John Dean, president of the Glenwood State
Bank in Iowa, and chairman of the agriculture committee of the Independent
Bankers Association, noted that there are other proposals for new Federal
agencies that would guarantee long-term loans needed to buy farm land. Because
of the guarantee, those loans could be repackaged and sold as securities,
similar to existing programs for Government-guaranteed mortgages or loans to
small businesses.

''What we need are some long-term loans that will provide liquidity to the
market for farm land,'' Mr. Dean said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             247 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Tex. Drive on for Ag Loan Proposal

                           September 7, 1979, Friday

Special to the American Banker

DATELINE: AUSTIN, Tex.


A statewide effort has been started here to win voter approval Nov. 6 of a
proposed constitutional amendment for a $10-million, loan-guarangee program for
mortgages on farms and ranches in Texas.

Several state officials and the leadership of organized labor threw their
support to the "Family Farm and Ranch Security Program," one of three proposed
constitutional changes voters will be asked to ratify.

But they told a capitol news conference here its success hinges not on the
turnout in rural areas, which would be expected to benefit most from it, but on
voter turnout in two or three of the state's urban areas.  Hotly contested
municipal elections in Houston, where a new city council is to be picked, and
bond elections here and possibly in Dallas are about the only items to spark
voter turnout Nov. 6 in an otherwise lackluster election year, they said.

The amendment would authorize the state to sell $10 million in general
obligation bonds to support the state's guarantee of about $100 million worth of
loans to help persons acquire land to be farmed or ranched.

State Rep. Luther Jones, D., El Paso, Author of enabling legislation that would
take effect if voters approve the proposition, estimated Texas would be able to
guarantee more than 600 farm loans immediately, and more could be guaranteed as
the others are repaid.  The program is modeled after a three-year-old one in
Minnesota which, he said, has guaranteed more than 100 loans on 16,000 acres
valued at $16 million, and he based his estimate on the success of the Minnesota
experiment.

Young Texans find it almost impossible to enter farming or to keep land in
farming after it is broken up in heirships upon the deaths of parents, Mr. Jones
explained, because banks require 29% down payment on loans to buy farmland.
"The big impact of the program in Minnesota and the impact we expect in Texas is
the drastic reduction of the down payment requirement," he told reporters.

He quoted the Minnesota agricultural commissioner as saying most loans under the
program there required no down payment.  He stressed the Texas program would not
be a giveaway but would merely guarantee up to 90% of long-term mortgages by
commercial lenders.

Reagan V. Brown, the Texas agricultural commissioner, said the program is needed
to save the "vanishing" family farm.  It was endorsed by Bob Armstrong, the
Texas land commissioner; Billy Wayne Clayton, speaker of the Texas House, and
Harry Hubbard, president of the Texas AFLCIO.

Although no opposition to the proposal has developed so far, its backers said at
least half of the statewide vote Nov. 6 is expected in the metropolitan areas of
the state, and strong opposition there could kill it.

With the exception of the three constitutional amendments and two seats on the
three-member Texas Railroad Commission, which regulates the oil, natural gas and
transportation industries in the state, no statewide contests are set for this
election year, and voter turnout, especially in rural areas, is expected to be
light all across Texas.

Mr. Jones and his group will lead an organization to raise money and campaign
for passage of the proposition.

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 532 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1979 American Banker, Inc.


                             248 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                 Copyright 2017 The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.
               Standard & Poor's Corporate Descriptions plus News

                               February 25, 2017

                      Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp.

                         1999 K Street, N.W, 4th Floor
                             Washington,  DC 20006
                                      USA


OFFICE- 1999 K Street, N.W, 4th Floor, Washington, DC, USA 20006, Telephone:
202-872-7700, Fax: 800-999-1814, http://www.farmermac.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 202-872-7700

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: AGM.A
CUSIP: 313148

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: 1987
PLACE OF INCORPORATION: USA
EMPLOYEES: 71

ORGANIZED in the U.S. in July 1987.

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *
SUBSIDIARIES:

     ·    Farmer Mac Securities Corporation


* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
OFFICERS:

     ·    Lowell L. Junkins, Chairman
     ·    Myles J. Watts, Vice Chairman
     ·    Timothy L. Buzby, Chief Executive Officer & President
     ·    R. Dale Lynch, Chief Financial Officer, Exec VP & Treasurer
     ·    Stephen P. Mullery, General Counsel, SR VP & Secretary
     ·    John Curtis Covington, SR VP
     ·    Gregory N. Ramsey, Controller
     ·    Nancy E. Corsiglia, Investor Relations Contact


DIRECTORS:

     ·    Dennis L. Brack
     ·    Chester J. Culver
     ·    Richard H. Davidson
     ·    James R. Engebretsen
     ·    Dennis A. Everson
     ·    Sara L. Faivre-Davis
     ·    Douglas A. Felton
     ·    Douglas L. Flory
     ·    Thomas William Hill
     ·    Mitchell A. Johnson
     ·    Lowell L. Junkins
     ·    Clark B. Maxwell
     ·    Bruce J. Sherrick
     ·    Myles J. Watts
     ·    Douglas E. Wilhelm


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

Revision Date: May 16, 2016

   Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation provides a secondary market for
various loans made to borrowers primarily in the United States. It operates
through four segments: Farm & Ranch, USDA Guarantees, Rural Utilities, and
Institutional Credit. The Farm & Ranch segment purchases and retains eligible
mortgage loans that are secured by first liens on agricultural real estate;
securitizes eligible mortgage loans, and guarantees the timely payment of
principal and interest on securities representing interests in or obligations
secured by pools of eligible mortgage loans; and offers long-term standby
purchase commitments on designated eligible mortgage loans. The USDA Guarantees
segment purchases portions of certain agricultural, rural development, business
and industry, and community facilities loans guaranteed by the United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA). The Rural Utilities segment purchases and
guarantees securities that are backed by eligible rural electric and telephone
loans. The Institutional Credit segment purchases or guarantees general
obligations of lenders that are secured by pools of the types of loans eligible
for purchase under Farm & Ranch, USDA Guarantees, or Rural Utilities lines of
business. This segment also provides advances against eligible loans by
purchasing obligations secured by those loans. Federal Agricultural Mortgage
Corporation was founded in 1987 and is headquqrtered in Washington, District of
Columbia. BACKLOG, : Thous. $
2015.................0 2014.................0 2013.................0 EMPLOYEES-
December 31, 2015, 71.
 CAPITAL EXPENDITURES, Thous. $
2015.................0 2014.................0 2013.................0

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC CODES:
61 - Nondepository credit institutions
6111 - Federal & fed.-sponsored credit agencies

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * * DEBT: $5,648,752,000
CAPITALIZATION (March 31, 2015)

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
Annual Report- Inc. Acct., Yrs. End. Dec. 31; Thou. $~
                                  2014           2013           2012
REVENUES..............................
Lower of Cost or Fair
 Value Adjustment on
 Loans Held for Sale.................-              -        (5,943)
Investments
 and Cash Equivalents...........17,269         21,940         24,729
Loans...........................94,875         85,059        103,644
Farmer MAC Guaranteed
 Securities and Usda Guaranteed
 Securities....................118,430        128,399        136,297
Gain/loss on
 Trading Securities.............38,629          (819)            307
Gain/loss on Sale of
 Available for Sale Investment
 Securities......................(238)          2,113             18
Other Income.....................1,714          3,057          3,341
Guarantee and Commitment Fees...25,187         26,958         24,963
Gain/loss on Financial
 Derivatives and Hedging
 Activities...................(21,646)         31,764       (19,829)
Gain/loss on
 Sale of Real
 Estate Owned......................137          1,236            878
EXPENSES..............................
Compensation
 & Employees
 Benefits.....................(19,009)       (17,817)       (19,186)
Provision For Loan Losses..........961            481        (3,691)
Provision For Loan Losses........2,205          (929)          1,816
General and Administrative....(12,197)       (11,563)       (11,123)
Regulatory Fees................(2,381)        (2,375)        (2,281)
Real Estate Owned
 Operating Costs,
 Net.............................(110)          (423)          (134)
Total Interest Expense.......(170,720)      (137,276)      (142,690)
Gain/loss on
 the Repurchase
 of Debt.............................-          1,462              -
Earnings before Taxes...........73,106        131,267         91,116
TAXES AND OTHER EXPENSES..............
Provision for Income Tax.......(2,824)       (33,752)       (22,156)
Net Income Attributable to
 Non-controlling Interest -
 Preferred Stock Dividends....(22,192)       (22,187)       (22,187)
Net Income (Loss)...............48,090         75,328         46,773
CHARGES ON NET INCOME.................
Dividends on Preferred Stock...(9,839)        (3,495)        (2,879)
Net Income Available
 to Common Shareholders.........38,251         71,833         43,894
SUPPLEMENTARY INFO....................
Basic EPS -
 Continuing
 Operations.......................3.50           6.64           4.19
Diluted EPS
 - Continuing
 Operations.......................3.37           6.41           3.98
  Bal. Sheet Dec. 31: Thou. $~
   Assets-                                       2014           2013
ASSETS...............................................
Cash and Cash Equivalents...................1,363,387        749,313
Held to Maturity At Amortized Cost..........1,794,620              -
Available-for-sale, At Fair Value...........1,731,222      2,483,147
Available-for-sale, At Fair Value...........1,938,499      5,091,600
Available-for-sale, At Fair Value...........3,659,281      1,553,669
Trading, At Fair Value............................689            928
Trading, At Fair Value.........................40,310         58,344
Financial Derivatives At Fair Value.............4,177         19,718
Loans Held for Investment...................2,833,461      2,570,125
Loans Held for Investment
 in Consolidated Trusts,
 At Amortized Cost............................692,478        629,989
Allowance for Loan Losses.....................(5,864)        (6,866)
Interest Receivables..........................104,550        107,201
Guarantee and Commitment Fees Receivable.......41,786         43,904
Deferred Tax Asset-net.........................33,391         44,045
Prepaid Expenses and Other Assets..............55,413         14,046
Real Estate Owned, Net of Valuation Allowance.....421          2,617
Total Assets...............................14,287,821     13,361,780
LIABILITIES..........................................
Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses..........81,252          9,986
Accrued Interest Payable.......................48,355         53,772
Financial Derivatives..........................84,844         75,708
Due Within One Year.........................7,353,953      7,338,781
Due After One Year..........................5,471,186      5,001,169
Debt Securities of Consolidated
 Trusts Held By
 Third Parties................................424,214        261,760
Minority Interest.............................236,028        241,853
Preferred Stock Redeemable.....................58,333         58,333
Preferred Stock Redeemable.....................73,044              -
Preferred Stock Redeemable.....................73,382              -
Reserve for Losses..............................4,263          6,468
Guarantee and Commitment Obligations...........37,925         39,667
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY.................................
Common Stock - Par Value........................1,031          1,031
Common Stock - Par Value..........................500            500
Common Stock - Par Value........................9,406          9,355
Additional Paid in Capital....................113,559        110,722
Retained Earnings.............................201,013        168,877
Accumulated Other Comprehensive
 Income (Loss),
 Net of Tax....................................15,533       (16,202)
Total Shareholders Equity.....................545,801        332,616
Total Liabilities & Shareholders Equity....14,287,821     13,361,780

RECENT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-


COMPUSTAT FOOTNOTES-
Curr. Total Assets 1996 UNCLASSIFIED BALANCE SHEET

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EXCHANGE: NYS (New York Stock Exchange), Boston, Pacific, Philadelphia
NUMBER OF SHAREHOLDERS: 941
STOCK PRICE:

                          STOCK DATA~
STOCKHOLDERS- March 2, 2015, 941.
DIVIDENDS: Class A Voting Common $1 par: 2005-2008, $0.40;
2009-2011, $0.20; 2012, $0.40; 2013, $0.48; 2014, $0.56.##Class C
Non-Voting Common $1 par: 2005-2008, $0.40; 2009-2011, $0.20; 2013,
$0.40; 2013, $0.48; 2014, $0.56; 2015, $0.64.
Class C Non-Voting Common $1 par: 2015, $0.64.

           STOCK PRICE-
                LISTED-  NYS (Symbol AGM.A), also traded Boston Stock Exchange,
           Pacific Exchange and Philadelphia Stock Exchange:~
           2015...........33.49     22.03        2014...........36.10     26.22
           2013...........37.91     26.38        2012...........34.92     17.59
           2011...........22.93     14.53        2010...........23.89      6.79
           2009...........11.49      2.40        2008...........33.85      2.28
           2007...........36.99     23.73        2006...........31.50     24.05
           2005...........32.47     15.53        2004...........31.90     16.62
           2003...........36.80     20.10        2002...........48.90     20.55
           2001...........46.40     21.81        2000...........23.56     13.12
           @1999..........23.62     15.50
                  @Listed June 18. Aft. 3-for-1 split July 23; bef., 78-37.125.


STOCK PRICE RANGE: 33.49 - 22.03

STOCK OUTSTANDING-                       Auth. Shs.  Outstg. Shs.
Class C Non-Voting Common $1 par.............Unlimited     9,406,392
Class A Voting Common $1 par.................Unlimited    @1,030,780
Class B Voting Common $1 par.................Unlimited      *500,301
6% Non-Cum. Series C Preferred $1,000 par....3,000,000    #3,000,000
5.875% Non- Cum. Series A Preferred $25 par..2,400,000    a2,400,000
6.875% Non-Cum. Series B Preferred $25 par...3,000,000    b3,000,000
  @Held only by banks, insurance companies and other financial
institutions or similar entities that are not institutions of the
Farm Credit System.
  *Held only by institutions of the Farm Credit System.
  #Liquidation preference, $25 per share.
  aLiquidation preference, $25 per share.
  bLiquidation preference, $25 per share.


* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITORS- PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS
TRANSFER AGENT & REGISTRAR- American Stock Transfer & Trust Co.


NEWS TABLE OF CONTENTS-
DATE        TITLE
---------   --------------------------------------------------------
10 Nov 16   November 9, 2016, Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp.
            Announces Unaudited Consolidated Earnings Results for
            the Third Quarter and Nine Months Ended September 30,
            2016
03 Nov 16   November 2, 2016, Farmer Mac Declares fourth Quarter
            2016 Common Stock Dividend, Payable on December 31,
            2016; Declares Preferred Stock Dividend, Payable on
            January 17, 2016
10 Aug 16   August 9, 2016, Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp.
            Announces Unaudited Consolidated Earnings Results for
            the Second Quarter and Six Months Ended June 30, 2016
04 Aug 16   August 3, 2016, Farmer Mac Declares Third Quarter 2016
            Common Stock Dividend, Payable on September 30, 2016 and
            Declares Preferred Stock Dividend, Payable on October
            17, 2016
11 May 16   May 10, 2016, Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation
            Announces Unaudited Consolidated Earnings Results for
            the First Quarter Ended March 31, 2016
11 Mar 16   March 10, 2016, Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp.
            Reports Consolidated Earnings Results for the Fourth
            Quarter and Full Year Ended December 31, 2015
11 Nov 15   November 9, 2015, Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp.
            Reports Unaudited Consolidated Earnings Results for the
            Third Quarter and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015
11 Aug 15   August 10, 2015, Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp.
            Announces Unaudited Consolidated Earnings Results for
            the Second Quarter and Six Months Ended June 30, 2015
12 May 15   May 11, 2015, Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp.
            Announces Unaudited Consolidated Earnings Results for
            the First Quarter Ended March 31, 2015; Provides
            Earnings Guidance for the Second Quarter of 2015
17 Mar 15   March 16, 2015, Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp.
            Announces Consolidated Earnings Results for the Fourth
            Quarter and Full Year Ended December 31, 2014


LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2017


                             249 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             March 6, 2014 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Rich lister sues Bennett's son after deal sours

BYLINE: Julie-anne Sprague

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 522 words


A company linked to low-profile Sydney rich lister John Hunt is suing the son of
wealthy mining heiress Angela Bennett to secure the repayment of a loan related
to a soured rural property deal.

Documents lodged with the Supreme Court of Western Australia this week show Mr
Hunt's JWH Nominees Pty Ltd is suing Ms Bennett's son Grant for $9.8 million
plus interest, claiming he gave guarantees for a loan JWH provided to Strategic
Investment & Trading Pty Ltd.

The $12.7 million loan was being used by Strategic to purchase farmland in
Boddington, 120 kilometres south of Perth, and as Broughton Farm. Mr Bennett
then planned to buy the farmland from Strategic for $17.6 million.

Strategic was to repay JWH after getting paid by Mr Bennett's private company,
GKB Property Pty Ltd. This did not occur and JWH later appointed receivers to
Strategic.

Mr Bennett is listed as the third defendant behind Strategic and Strategic
director Robert Carlshausen. JWH claims Mr Carlshausen also provided a guarantee
for the loan.

The three-month loan struck in April last year was advanced with a 27 per cent
interest rate that would hit 39 per cent in the event of a default.

JWH's statement of claim shows it received $2.8 million from Strategic on
February 10. It is claiming the outstanding loan amount, $9.8 million, plus 39
per cent interest that has accrued since July.

It is estimated the amount owed to JWH is about $14 million.

JWH, the trustee for the Hunt Investment Trust, is claiming the amount from the
defendants or damages for breach of Mr Bennett's guarantee.'Unconditionally and
irrevocably guaranteed'

Mr Bennett is the son of billionaire Angela Bennett, one of Australia's
wealthiest people whose late father, Peter Wright, alongside Gina Rinehart's
late father, Lang Hancock, pioneered WA's iron ore industry.

BRW estimates Mr Hunt's wealth at $300 million, which was largely gained by
selling his minority stake in Primo Smallgoods to private equity group Affinity
Partners in 2011.

He also owns a large portfolio of property based around The Entrance on the
central coast region of NSW.

JWH's statement of claim states Mr Bennett "unconditionally and irrevocably
guaranteed" to Strategic and JWH "the due and punctual payment of money" related
to the deal between GKP Property and Strategic.

The 1400 hectares of farmland at the centre of the dispute known as Broughton
Farm are understood to have been sold at auction.

The troubled rural property transaction was reportedly organised by rural
property dealer Michael King, who told a Perth court last year he expected to
receive $3.5 million from the transaction while appearing in court in an
unrelated matter.

Strategic would have made a bumper profit from the deal. It is understood to
have bought the farms from farmers Richard and Janette Kelsall for $10.7
million.

JWH gave notice to Strategic on July 19 and claims the loan has been in default
since July 26.

JWH appointed receivers to Strategic on August 26 and claims it has incurred
losses, costs and expenses that, aside from the outstanding loan amount, include
appointing the receivers, legal costs and outstanding interest.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Grant Bennett, son of mining heiress Angela Bennett, right , is being
sued for $9.8 million plus interest. Photo: erin Jonasson

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             250 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Taranaki Daily News (New Zealand)

                             July 9, 2009 Thursday

Legal ruminations

BYLINE: GERRING Jemma; LAURENSON Kate

SECTION: FARMING; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 585 words


This article was written by a contributor. It is not to be reproduced without
permission from the Taranaki Daily News and charges may be incurred.

-------------------------------------------

IN our last two articles, we have looked at some issues around contracts that
Farmer Freddy and his family faced when they were at Fieldays. Today, we are
going to consider guarantees, a type of legal obligation that often accompanies
contracts.

When is a guarantee not just a guarantee? A few years have passed, and Freddy's
son Jack is marrying a nice coastal girl called Diane. Jack and Diane want to
buy a farm but can't raise the finance. Freddy agrees to help by guaranteeing
their obligations to the bank. Not to be outdone, Diane's mother Phyllis agrees
to guarantee the loan, too.

Freddy knows the basics - that as guarantor of Jack and Diane's obligations, he
may have to perform their obligations if they default so he doesn't bother
taking independent legal advice before he signs the printed, standard-form
guarantee.

Jack and Diane put a new cowshed on the farm and buy some new machinery. They
also treat themselves to a flash overseas holiday, and Jack buys a new V8. Just
what he always wanted. Now, Jack and Diane owe not just the original $3 million
they borrowed to buy the farm, but $4 million.

What are some issues Freddy could face as guarantor?

Naturally Freddy is worried about Jack.

"But," he figures, "at least my liability is limited to the original $3 million
they borrowed when I signed the guarantee. Also, with Phyllis as co-guarantor,
at worst, I'm up for $1.5 million and that's before we sell the farm."

Unfortunately, Freddy signed an unlimited all obligations guarantee. This means
that he has guaranteed all of Jack and Diane's debt to the bank, not just the $3
million purchase price.

And even though Phyllis has also guaranteed the loan, liability under a
guarantee is usually joint and several. This means that Phyllis and Freddy are
both individually liable for the whole amount, as well as being liable jointly.
Of course, if Freddy did end up having to pay under the guarantee, and he paid
more than Phyllis, he would have recourse against Phyllis for that extra amount.

Things get worse, though. Freddy finds out that the bank has discharged Phyllis'
guarantee.

"That doesn't seem right!" thinks Freddy.

If the guarantee was silent on this, Freddy might have been right here. But,
unfortunately, the printed, standard-form guarantee he signed did allow the bank
to discharge one guarantor without automatically discharging a co- guarantor.
Therefore, despite Phyllis' guarantee being discharged, Freddy is still
potentially liable for the full $4 million.

What's more, Freddy's guarantee is not just a guarantee. It also contains a
clause where he agrees to be a principal debtor. This means Freddy is in the
same position - vis-a-vis the bank - as Jack and Diane so the bank can call on
him to perform Jack and Diane's contractual obligations even if they are not in
default.

"Crikey dick!" thinks Freddy, "I think I'll have a cup of tea and a lie down."

* Lawyers Kate Laurenson and Jemma Stevenson write fortnightly about legal
topics affecting farmers. The content of this article is necessarily general and
readers should seek specific advice and not rely solely on what is written here.
Those who would like further information on any of the topics, please contact
Auld Brewer Mazengarb & McEwen. If you want Kate and Jemma to cover a particular
topic, email jemma.stevenson@abmm.co.nz

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             251 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 22, 1984, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

REAGAN IS SAID TO SEEK LIMITS ON STUDENT AID

BYLINE: By ROBERT PEAR, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 1, Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 974 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Dec. 21


The Administration's proposed budget for next year would deny guaranteed student
loans and certain education grants to any family with an income of more than
$30,000 a year, Administration officials said today.

Under current law, eligibility for the programs is based on what the family can
afford, and there is no absolute limit on income. Many families earning more
than $30,000 have qualified by showing financial need.

The officials said the main purpose of the proposed limit was to focus student
aid programs more on low-income families.



Some Congressmen Eligible

Under current law, it is not unusual for students in middle- or upper-income
families to get the federally guaranteed bank loans if they have several
children attending expensive private colleges. The 1978 law that liberalized
eligibility criteria was called the Middle Income Student Assistance Act. Some
members of Congress, who are paid $72,600 a year, have said their own children
are receiving guaranteed student loans.

Details of the proposal were contained in documents sent this week to the
Education Department by the Office of Management and Budget. President Reagan is
expected to submit his budget in early February to Congress, which may pass or
reject his proposals.

The education grants are the largest of the Federal student aid programs. They
range from $200 to $1,900; the average is about $1,000. The maximum will rise to
$2,100 in July. The grants are intended to provide a base upon which other
student aid is added.



Millions of Loans Made

Under the guaranteed student loan program, private financial institutions made
3.3 million loans worth $7.6 billion last year. They are made at subsidized
interest rates, and the Government insures their repayment.

The grant program, created under legislation introduced in 1972 by Senator
Claiborne Pell, Democrat of Rhode Island, is expected to cost $3.3 billion this
year, and the guaranteed loan program is expected to cost at least $2.9 billion.
Together, the programs constitute more than a third of the Education
Department's $18 billion budget in the fiscal year 1985, which began Oct. 1.

Administration officials said Mr. Reagan would ask Congress to cancel at least
$700 million in education spending already approved for this fiscal year.

Education Department officials said they accepted the concept of an ''absolute
income cap'' for eligibility in the programs but might urge the White House to
raise it closer to $35,000.


Patricia A. Smith, director of legislative analysis at the American Council on
Education, said educators would probably resist the proposal. Such an absolute
limit, she said, takes no account of medical expenses, family farm losses, the
number of college students in a family or other factors now considered in the
analysis of need.

Data on the characteristics of people receiving guaranteed student loans and
Pell grants are ''distressingly scarce or unreliable,'' according to the
National Commission on Student Financial Assistance, which was established by
Congress in 1980.

The American Council on Education, an umbrella group representing 1,600 colleges
and universities, has estimated that 300,000 undergraduate and graduate students
at public colleges and universities come from families with annual incomes
exceeding $30,000. Those students would not be eligible for guaranteed loans or
Pell grants under the Administration proposal.

Experts on higher education said they had no immediate estimate of the number of
students at private colleges who would be affected by the proposal.

Edward M. Elmendorf, Assistant Secretary of Education for Postsecondary
Education, said 70 percent of the money awarded in Pell grants went to families
with annual incomes less than $12,000. Few families receiving such grants have
incomes of more than $30,000 a year, he said.

Overall Limit on U.S. Aid

The Administration budget for the fiscal year 1986 would also establish, for the
first time, a limit on the aid that a college student could receive from all
federally subsidized sources. The proposed limit is $4,000 a year.

Mrs. Smith said this change would primarily affect graduate students because
they tended to need large amounts of assistance to pay the high tuition charges
at law, medical and other professional schools.

Under current law, an undergraduate may borrow up to $2,500 a year in the
guaranteed student loan program; a graduate student may borrow up to $5,000. The
$4,000 limit on all assistance would, in effect, reduce the maximum loan for
graduate students by $1,000.

Undergraduates are unlikely to exceed the $4,000 limit unless they are receiving
Pell grants, guaranteed loans and some other assistance such as supplemental
educational opportunity grants, education officials said.


The budget proposals developed by the Office of Management and Budget would also
prevent students under the age of 22 from declaring themselves financially
independent of their parents. Independent students are generally eligible for
larger amounts of aid because their parents' resources are not considered
available to help pay college costs. Federal officials have complained that many
students conveniently become ''independent'' a few months before they go off to
college.

Mrs. Smith of the American Council on Education said this proposal would
adversely affect students under the age of 22 who were, in fact, financially
independent of their parents.

The Office of Management and Budget estimated that its proposal would save $161
million from projected spending in the fiscal year 1986, $1 billion in 1987 and
$980 million in 1988. Federal spending for student aid would go from $4.5
billion in 1986 to $3.7 billion in 1987 and $3.9 billion in 1988, the office
estimated.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             252 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Farm Bill: Strategic Economic and Community
Development-Reservation of Fiscal Year 2016 Program Funds

LENGTH: 1467  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Rural Housing
Service Rural Utilities Service Farm Bill: Strategic Economic and Community
Development-- Reservation of Fiscal Year 2016 Program Funds AGENCY: Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, Rural Housing Service, Rural Utilities Service,
USDA. ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
Section 6025 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill) provides the
Secretary of Agriculture the authority to give priority to projects that support
strategic economic development or community development plans.

The Agency has the authority to reserve funds for those programs (referred to as
the ``underlying programs'') included in 7 CFR part 1980, subpart K, Strategic
Economic and Community Development (SECD), for projects that support
multi-jurisdictional strategic economic and community development plans. This
notice identifies for fiscal year 2016 the underlying programs from which funds
will be reserved for Section 6025 SECD requirements. Those programs are listed
in the SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION section. DATES: Effective Date: October 1,
2015. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: For more information, please contact your
respective Rural Development State Office listed here:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/browse-state. A checklist of all required application
information for Section 6025 SECD can be found at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/strategic-economic-and-community-develo
pment. For all other inquiries, contact Regional Community Economic Development
Coordinators as follows:  Midwest Region--Christine Sorensen: 202-568-9832,

 Christine.Sorensen@wdc.usda.gov



 [[Page 14420]]



      Northeast Region--Angela Callie: 610-791-9810 ext. 123,

 Angela.Callie@wdc.usda.gov

      Southern Region--Greg Dale: (870) 633-3055 Ext. 123,

 Gregory.Dale@wdc.usda.gov

      National Office--Farah Ahmad, Program Manager: Rural

 Business-Cooperative Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Stop

 3254, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0783, Email:

 RDCED@wdc.usda.gov



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: This action has been reviewed and determined

 not to be a rule or regulation as defined in Executive Order 12866, as

 amended by Executive Order 13258.

     As provided for in 7 CFR 1980.1004, this notice identifies for

 fiscal year 2016 the underlying programs from which funds will be

 reserved for Section 6025 SECD requirements. The following table

 specifies the level of program funding allocations from which the

 Section 6025 SECD reserved funds will be drawn, and the percentage of

 funds being reserved from the underlying program funding allocations.



 ------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                          Percentage of

              Program               Level of  funding  funds reserved for

                                       allocations        section 6025

 ------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Community Facility Loans (7 CFR   State.............  5 percent.

  part 1942, subpart A).

 Fire and Rescue and Other Small   State.............  5 percent.

  Community Facilities Projects

  (7 CFR part 1942, subpart C).

 Community Facilities Grant        State.............  10 percent.

  Program (7 CFR part 3570,

  subpart B).

 Community Programs Guaranteed     National..........  10 percent.

  Loans (7 CFR part 3575, subpart

  A).

 Water and Waste Disposal          National..........  10 percent.

  Programs Guaranteed Loans (7

  CFR part 1779).

 Water and Waste Loans and Grants  National..........  10 percent loan; 5

  (7 CFR part 1780, subparts A,                         percent grant.

  B, C, and D).

 Business and Industry Guaranteed  National..........  5 percent.

  Loanmaking and Servicing (7 CFR

  part 4279, subparts A and B; 7

  CFR part 4287, subpart B).

 Rural Business Development        State.............  5 percent.

  Grants (7 CFR part 4280,

  subpart E).

 ------------------------------------------------------------------------



     The U.S. Department of Agriculture remains committed to assisting

 high-poverty communities as one of its strategic priorities. The

 programs listed above consider poverty-related criteria in its

 application requirements. For this reason, Section 6025 offers an

 incentive for high poverty communities to have increased access to

 these programs so long as they have eligible projects that support the

 implementation of a multi-jurisdictional plan. This is particularly

 beneficial for areas such as Promise Zones, the Delta, Appalachia,

 Colonias, and other rural places with persistent poverty issues.

     If submitting projects for consideration for the underlying

 program's Section 6025 SECD reserved funds, applicants must (1) meet

 the eligibility requirements of the underlying program based on its

 annual notice, policies and/or regulations, including application

 deadlines; (2) meet the eligibility requirements of Section 6025 SECD

 in accordance with this Notice and 7 CFR part 1980, subpart K; and (3)

 submit Form RD 1980-88 and supporting documentation. Applicants are

 encouraged to submit Form RD 1980-88 and supporting documentation

 concurrent with the application for the underlying program for which

 the applicant is applying, in an effort to avoid improper or

 duplicative awards to recipients as required by law. Rural Development

 will work with programs to ensure the review process is compliant and

 consistent with Section 6025 SECD regulation.

     All of the underlying program's reserves for Section 6025 SECD

 competition must be obligated by the Agency no later than June 30,

 2016. As provided for in 7 CFR 1980.1004(c), the Agency will return any

 reserved funds that are not obligated by June 30, 2016, to the

 underlying program's regular funding account for obligation to all

 eligible projects in that program. After June 30, 2016, any project

 that supports a multi-jurisdictional strategic economic and community

 development plan may be competed with all other projects within the

 applicable underlying program for the remainder of FY 2016, but without

 the benefit of any mandated priority points and access to reserved

 funds available under 7 CFR part 1980, subpart K.

     This notice establishes the listed percentages of funds reserved

 for Section 6025 and is effective October 1, 2015 for the entirety of

 FY 2016 and the entirety of each succeeding fiscal year unless changed

 in accordance with 7 CFR 1980.1004(b).



 USDA Non-Discrimination Statement



     In accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of

 Agriculture (USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its

 Agencies, offices, and employees, and institutions participating in or

 administering USDA programs are prohibited from discriminating based on

 race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity (including

 gender expression), sexual orientation, disability, age, marital

 status, family/parental status, income derived from a public assistance

 program, political beliefs, or reprisal or retaliation for prior civil

 rights activity, in any program or activity conducted or funded by USDA

 (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and complaint filing

 deadlines vary by program or incident.

     Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of

 communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large print,

 audiotape, American Sign Language, etc.) should contact the responsible

 Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or

 contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339.

 Additionally, program information may be made available in languages

 other than English.

     To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA

 Program Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or

 write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the

 information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint

 form, call (866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA

 by:

     1. Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant

 Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,

 DC 20250-9410;

     2. Fax: (202) 690-7442; or

     3. Email: program.intake@usda.gov

     USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.





 [[Page 14421]]





     Dated: March 3, 2016.

 Lisa Mensah,

 Under Secretary, Rural Development.

 [FR Doc. 2016-06035 Filed 3-16-16; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             253 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     March 7, 1992, Saturday, City Edition

New loans help middle incomes

BYLINE: KEN MORITSUGU

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 704 words

DATELINE: INVERNESS



For years, the Farmers Home Administration has helped low-income people in rural
areas buy homes.

    But many so-called moderate-income people were left out in the cold.
Although their incomes were above the cutoff for Farmers Home assistance, they
couldn't qualify for a standard bank mortgage.

    Now, help is at hand. Farmers Home has launched a new program under which
the federal government will guarantee a mortgage, removing the risk for the
financial institution. Accepted applicants don't have to make a down payment on
their house; all they pay are closing costs and the monthly mortgage payment.

    Roland Vautour, under-secretary of agriculture for small community and rural
development, stopped in Inverness on Friday during a one-day tour of rural
Central Florida to promote the program to bankers and builders. Other stops were
in Gainesville, Ocala and Lakeland.

    Farmers Home can guarantee up to $ 329-million in loans this fiscal year
under the program. Most of that total still is available. The agency has
guaranteed only about 200 loans so far nationwide, 16 of them in Florida, said
Louis Frost, chief of rural housing for Farmers Home in Florida.

    "Right now, the monies are virtually unlimited," said Frost.  Florida has
the potential for $ 30-million to $ 40-million in guaranteed loans this fiscal
year, Frost said.

    To qualify for the program, a borrower must fall within a certain income
group, depending on family size and location. The cutoff point for a family of
four, for example, is $ 28,300 in Citrus County and $ 32,550 in Hernando County.


    The maximum purchase price for a home under the program is $ 67,500 in
Citrus County and $ 80,750 in Hernando County.

    For a financially strapped federal government, the program is a way to help
meet housing needs without spending much money.  The financial institutions make
the loans and take care of the appraisal and other related work.

    "We think that this is a sound, sane and efficient way to go," Vautour
said..

    The government guarantees 90 percent of the loan amount, but Vautour said he
expects few defaults. The established Farmers Home guaranteed loan program for
farms has a default rate of only 4 percent, and loans for farms are riskier than
loans for houses, he said.

    Of the 16 loans approved so far in Florida, two including the first one
approved in the state are being made by subsidiaries of Inverness-based Brannen
Banks of Florida.

    In the Farmers Home program for low-income people, the agency provides
subsidies to help the borrower pay the monthly mortgage.  In the new guaranteed
loan program, the borrower must make the full monthly payment.

    The Bush administration budget proposal for the next fiscal year, which
begins Oct. 1, would create government-subsidized loans under the
moderate-income home buyers program. Farmers Home would be able to guarantee up
to $ 700-million in loans next year, of which $ 300-million could be subsidized.


    On Monday, Vautour also stopped in Dunnellon to announce a $ 150,000 grant
and $ 384,000 long-term, low-interest loan from Farmers Home for the renovation
of the city's wastewater treatment plant.

    His presentation in Inverness was held at Inverness Club, the first adult
congregate living facility built in Florida with a Farmers Home low-interest
loan. The 72-unit facility, which opened in October, serves elderly people with
annual incomes of less than $ 12,000 for a single person or $ 13,680 for a
couple.

  Guidelines for loan program
 The Farmers Home Administration is promoting a guaranteed loan program that
allows moderate-income people to buy a home without making a down payment. The
annual income cutoff for a family of four in Citrus County is $ 28,300. Farmers
Home also subsidizes housing loans for low-income people with annual incomes of
up to $ 22,800 for a family of four. For more information, contact Vince Ward at
the Farmers Home office in Bushnell at (904) 793-2821 or any of the following
banks: Bank of Inverness, Crystal River Bank, Homosassa Springs Bank or
Dunnellon State Bank.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES; CITRUS TIMES

                            Times Publishing Company


                             254 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            October 25, 2009 Sunday

Groups want pork loans suspended;

BYLINE: BY ART HOVEY Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 884 words


The National Pork Producers chose a familiar tool to help resolve their
industry's economic crisis in their latest appeal to Congress.

Buy more pork with federal money, they said, and put the meat into the food
assistance program.

But a group of rural advocacy organizations from the Midwest is stepping forward
with what they see as another part of the right plan for federal action.

They want a suspension in loans to producers, made either directly or with a
government guarantee, that result in more confinement hog buildings and more
expansion in hog production.

Rhonda Perry of the Missouri Rural Crisis Center summed things up this way:
"Unfortunately, at the same time USDA is using loans to expand production, now
we're being asked to bail out the industry, so to speak, because of
over-production."

In a teleconference call that also featured Minnesota's Land Stewardship
Project, Iowa's Citizens for Community Improvement, and other groups that claim
a "family farm" identity, $264,464,000 was the operative figure they used for
federal lending activity in the pork sector.

"That's almost a quarter billion dollars spent in the last two years," Perry
said.

In Iowa, the nation's leading hog-producing state, the twoyear total was 102
loans for $45 million.

Those numbers are dwarfed by the almost $5 billion in lost equity the National
Pork Producers cites for the past two years.

The rural advocacy groups don't dispute that estimate, but they point out that
the government loan program was suspended during the Clinton administration and
at another time when pork farms were awash in red ink.

For the government to spend money to boost production even as it's buying up
surplus pork is "a completely irresponsible use of tax dollars," Perry said.

Nebraska has not been a hot spot for direct and guaranteed loans to the pork
sector over the past two years, according to figures provided by the state
office of the Farm Service Agency in Lincoln.

The combined amount for fiscal 2008 and 2009 is five loans for less than $1.5
million.

Dan Steinkruger, state director of the federal agency, said that really
shouldn't be a surprise. "The number of loans we've made on hog production has
diminished just because of the direction the hog industry has been going."

Rich Barta, who works more directly in the lending area, said the current
emphasis is on keeping existing hog operations going until their bottom line
improves.

"We're trying to be conservative," Barta said, "and we're trying to work with
existing operations - that we've already provided loans to - to allow them to
continue under the current economic conditions.

"And certainly somebody coming in on a new loan would be looked at and
scrutinized because of the current economic conditions."

At the same time Perry and others want to clamp down on credit availability,
Barta said the agency is getting a very different message from those who claim
to be speaking for producers of all sizes and ownership structures.

"Those types of groups are wanting us to be as liberal as we can in assisting
individuals that have existing operations," he said.

Steinkruger called the proposed loan suspension "debatable."

As he sees it, "we're kind of in the middle, trying to support existing
borrowers. And at the same time, the department is buying pork to try to assist
the pork industry in general. We're just trying to meet those general goals for
the department."

Roger Berry, field director for A-FAN, the Alliance for the Future of
Agriculture in Nebraska, favors just about any strategy for protecting and
expanding the state's livestock industry.

"If we start losing hog producers in this country," Berry said, "then that
closes up stores on main street. And I don't think anybody wants that to
happen."

On the other hand, "the more we can bring livestock into rural communities, the
more opportunity we will have to keep young families in rural communities, and
the more opportunity we will have for rural communities to thrive."

Matt Ohloff, based in Des Moines with Iowa Citizens for Community Improvement,
said the suspension call was directed at "specialized" hog operations.

"It's the industrialized way of raising animals," he said, "putting a number of
animals into a building and the feed comes from outside sources. It's not a
diversified farm, it's a specialized facility."

Adam Warthesen of the Land Stewardship Project said the advocacy groups' intent
is not to interfere with loans for existing facilities "or for farmers to
restructure debt. Direct and guaranteed loans should be available for that."

Perry said pork producers need to shrink their breeding herd to slow pork
production. But it's typically the biggest producers who choose instead to
indulge in "a game of chicken" in which they wait for somebody else to do the
shrinking.

"Independent producers are the most likely to go out of business - certainly go
out of the hog business - during a time of prolonged price depression like we've
seen for the last couple years,"she added.

Paul Sobocinski, a hog farmer at Wabasso, Minn., and a Land Stewardship
advocate, said there's a precedent for shutting down loans that put even more
pork on the market.

"It's just common sense," he said. "It was done before and it should be done
now."

Reach Art Hovey at 473-7223 or at ahovey@journalstar.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                             255 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 15, 2016 Friday

Washington: S.3229 - A bill to amend the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development
Act to adjust limitations on certain Farm Service Agency guaranteed and direct
loans.

LENGTH: 109  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Congress has issued the following bill status:



 S.3229 - A bill to amend the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act to
adjust limitations on certain Farm Service Agency guaranteed and direct loans.
114th Congress (2015-2016) | Get alerts

 BillHide Overview icon-hide

 Sponsor:     Sen. Hoeven, John [R-ND] (Introduced 07/14/2016)

 Committees:     Senate - Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry

 Latest Action:     07/14/2016 Read twice and referred to the Committee on
Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry.  (All Actions)



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             256 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 15, 2016 Friday

Washington: S.3229 - A bill to amend the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development
Act to adjust limitations on certain Farm Service Agency guaranteed and direct
loans.

LENGTH: 109  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Congress has issued the following bill status:



 S.3229 - A bill to amend the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act to
adjust limitations on certain Farm Service Agency guaranteed and direct loans.
114th Congress (2015-2016) | Get alerts

 BillHide Overview icon-hide

 Sponsor:     Sen. Hoeven, John [R-ND] (Introduced 07/14/2016)

 Committees:     Senate - Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry

 Latest Action:     07/14/2016 Read twice and referred to the Committee on
Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry.  (All Actions)



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             257 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Will Lawsuit Against Gold Of Kansas Affect Sale?

                            June 17, 2004, Thursday

By Ben Jackson and Adam Silverstone



Gold Banc Corp. Inc.'s discovery that it is being sued for allegedly charging
excessive rates and fees on agricultural loans has spooked investors and raised
concerns about its deal to be bought by an investment company.

The Leawood, Kan., company said in a release Tuesday that it is too soon to tell
if the suit -- filed by a former customer and kept under seal for 20 months --
would have any effect on the deal with Silver Acquisition Corp. of Overland
Park, Kan.

But the mere hint that the deal, already delayed once, could unravel made
investors skittish. In trading that was more than 10 times its usual volume,
Gold Banc's stock price plunged 5.37% Wednesday, to close at $15.50.

The $4.3 billion-asset company said it was blindsided by the "qui tam" lawsuit.
It was filed in October 2002 by Roger Ediger, a former borrower at People First
Bank in Hennessey, Okla., which Gold Banc acquired in March 2000.

The suit claims that Gold Banc and its predecessors charged excessive rates and
fees on agricultural loans guaranteed by the Farm Service Agency, an arm of the
Department of Agriculture, and submitted false claims to the agency.

A qui tam lawsuit is filed in the name of the U.S. Government by a private
citizen alleging fraud by government contractors or other entities that receive
or use public funds. The citizen plaintiff -- known as a "relator" in the suits
-- shares in any monetary damages recovered.

Mr. Ediger had received a loan through People First that was subsidized and
guaranteed by the Farm Service Agency. His suit says that Gold Banc violated
federal law by knowingly charging higher-than-average rates and fees on
guaranteed loans.

Mr. Ediger, who was unavailable for comment, is seeking a cease-and-desist order
against further violations of the Federal False Claims Act and damages equal to
three times those the United States allegedly sustained, which the suit claims
amount to "many millions of dollars."

Gold Banc said it has not been served in the case and does not know exactly what
it is accused of.

Malcolm "Mick" Aslin, Gold Banc's chief executive, said in the release, "I
regret that we are unable to provide more information about this case at this
time, but we are unable to do so because the case is under seal and we currently
only have the information set forth in the amended complaint regarding the
plaintiff's allegation."

Unlike most other lawsuits, a qui tam must be filed under seal and cannot be
served on the defendant until ordered by the court. The relator must also give
the government a comprehensive memorandum showing the facts underpinning the
lawsuit, along with relevant documents.

The secrecy allows the Justice Department to investigate allegations without the
defendant's knowledge.

According to the statute governing qui tam suits, the government has 60 days to
decide whether to take control of the suit or decline to participate, though it
may request more time to investigate. If the government elects not to proceed,
relators can conduct the action on their own.

Analysts say the suit probably will not imperil the sale to Silver Acquisition.
The investment company announced in February that it would pay $672 million for
Gold Banc, take it private, and convert it to a federal thrift charter.

The deal was originally expected to close in July, but in early June Gold
announced that the Office of Thrift Supervision had asked for more information
and would have a decision on the merger application by Sept. 6.

Eric Rothmann of Howe Barnes Investments Inc. in Chicago said he expects Gold
Banc's stock price to keep falling until more information is disclosed but that
the deal will go through eventually.

"The lawsuit may push the completion off by a few months," Mr. Rothmann said.

Copyright 2004 Thomson Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.thomsonmedia.com http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 652 words

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo, Aslin

                      Copyright 2004 American Banker, Inc.


                             258 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

FmHA Setting Up Buydown Program For Farm Loans

                           February 25, 1986, Tuesday

DATELINE: WASHINGTON (AP)


A new interest reduction plan ordered by Congress is being set up by the Farmers
Home Administration to help farmers lower their loan payments to commercial
banks.

The Agriculture Department agency also began sending out letters to 65,303
delinquent borrowers. Most of them will get ''a friendly reminder'' to contact
local officials about their overdue loans, the head of the agency said.

Vance L. Clark, FmHA administrator, said much tougher letters serving notice of
''intent to take adverse action'' are going to four in every 10 of those tardy
payers. About 27,000 borrowers are three years or more behind in payments,
including 3,000 who may have fraudulently dodged their debts.

''I don't expect a lot of great, terrible things to be happening across the
nation because of those mailings,'' Mr. Clark said. ''There will be
foreclosures, sure, and I think we have to prepare for some of those, but it's
not the end of the world.''

The mailings are to be completed by Feb. 21, Mr. Clark said.

He said the FmHA, often called the government's farm lender of last resort, soon
will issue regulations to carry out the interest buydown program included in
last year's farm bill.

Under the plan, banks that handle farm loans guaranteed by the FmHA will be able
to reduce interest rates charged farmers by as much as four percentage points,
with the FmHA subsidizing the bank for half the reduction.

In other words, Mr. Clark said, a bank would absorb an interest cut of as much
as two percentage points and have the FmHA match its reduction. The net effect
to the borrower would be an interest reduction of four percentage points.

Mr. Clark said Congress earmarked $490 million for a three-year interest buydown
program, which ''will be more than adequate'' to take care of expected business.
The buydown will be limited to FmHA borrowers as an inducement for banks to
participate in the agency's guaranteed loans, he said.

The FmHA has about $28.3 billion in loans outstanding, or more than 13% of the
nation's total farm debt of $212 billion. There are approximately 270,000 farm
borrowers, including the 65,303 delinquents.

Mr. Clark said all FmHA borrowers who receive the notices should contact local
offices of the agency - county supervisors - within 30 days or lose their rights
to appeal future action taken against them.

''I would hope, secretly, that the word is getting out to borrowers across the
nation that Farmers Home does mean business,'' he said. ''Those are legitimate
debts that need to be serviced and need to be collected.''

Mr. Clark said about 3,000 of the delinquent borrowers are those who have
committed or are suspected of fraud, including the illegal sale of mortgaged
property, and cases of people leaving the farm, taking equipment with them and
selling it later. In some instances, farmers have not reported proceeds of crop
and livestock sales.

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 483 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1986 American Banker, Inc.


                             259 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            October 30, 1989, Monday

GOVERNMENT'S HIDDEN RISKS

BYLINE: LEE H. HAMILTON

SECTION: EDITORIAL PAGES, Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 899 words


Later this year, Congress will consider legislation to raise the debt limit for
the federal government to $ 3 trillion. To most Americans, this huge sum
represents a ceiling on the amount of money the government is permitted to
borrow, and a full measure of the government's liability.

However, as the recent losses in the thrift industry and in federal housing
programs have shown, government liabilities can extend beyond the national debt.
These so-called contingent liabilities, which amount to more than $ 4 trillion,
involve not a direct government debt, but rather a government guarantee to make
good on the deposit and loan commitments of others should hey sour.

Government guarantees come principally in three forms. The most easily
recognizable is the federal insurance on deposits at banks, thrifts and credit
unions. Currently, the federal government is committed to repay depositors'
losses up to a maximum of $ 100,000 per account whenever an insured depository
institution fails.

Designed to lend stability to the nation's financial system, this insurance
coverage has enormous potential exposure for the government. It is estimated
that insured deposits at banks, thrifts and credit unions totaled $ 2.7 trillion
at the end of 1988. In contrast, the recent failures in the thrift industry are
expected to cost taxpayers $ 166 billion over the next 10 years.

Government loan guarantees constitute a second type of guarantee. Most involve a
government pledge to guarantee a loan made by private lenders to high-risk
borrowers. In the event that the loan sours, the government agrees to pay the
lender the guaranteed portion of the loan. For example, Farmers Home
Administration agrees to reimburse the private lender for up to 90 percent of
lost principal and interest if the borrower defaults on a guaranteed farm loan.
Similar programs are in place covering education loans and home mortgages. In
total, outstanding guaranteed loans currently exceed $ 550 billion.

The third, and least understood, type of guarantee involves government- spons
ored enterprises. A government-sponsored enterprise is a privately owned,
federally chartered financial institution designed to borrow money in the
private markets and channel it to certain uses. For example, the Federal
National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) improves the marketability of home
mortgages, and the Student Loan Marketing Association (Sallie Mae) improves
student access to loans.

As private institutions, the enterprises borrow money without the approval of
Congress or the executive branch, and their debt does not count against the
federal budget deficit. However, the enterprises are generally perceived as
enjoying a special relationship with the federal government because the implicit
federal government backing of their loans enables enterprises to borrow cheaply
and pass along the savings to potential borrowers.

The implicit guarantee also creates a large contingent liability for the
government. If an enterprise should experience severe losses, the government is
expected to pick up the tab, as occurred with the Farm Credit System in the
mid-1980s. Presently, such enterprises hold over $ 720 billion in loans on their
books.

The government guarantee has grown substantially over the last decade as
Congress has looked for ways to meet certain public policy objectives without
spending very much money. The guarantee offers several important advantages in
an era of tight federal budgets. It involves virtually no direct government
outlays or program expenses, provided of course that the guaranteed loan or
deposit does not go bad.

Government backing of a program immediately attracts large amounts of private
investment, as witnessed by the huge growth in the number and size of
government-sponsored enterprises over the last decade. And the guarantee lowers
the cost of funds to borrowers.

However, the guarantee puts the government at risk of covering an enormous
portfolio of deposits and loans, in many cases to high-risk borrowers. The
recent failures in the thrift industry and in the Farm Credit System point up
some dangers associated with the guarantee. Poor or inadequate regulation can
mean huge costs for the taxpayer.

Government guarantee also can create incentives for abuse and poor fiscal
management, especially in the absence of strong government regulation and
congressional oversight. As the thrift scandal shows, there is every incentive
for management to take big risks so long as the federal government underwrites
most of its activities.

It is beyond time for Congress to take a hard look at the full extent of the
government's risk. The potential danger is enormous, but the risks associated
with the government guarantee are not well understand or documented. They also
are not included in federal budget calculations, which tends to obscure problems
in credit programs and enterprises.

Study of the government guarantee would allow for public debate on possible ways
to restrict potential exposures to the federal government. Whatever changes are
actually considered or adopted, it is clear that more should be done to ensure
that the guarantee does not saddle the federal government with future bailouts.

Lee H. Hamilton, D-Ind., is a member of the House of Representatives and
chairman of the Joint Economic Committee of Congress.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: Lee H. Hamilton, D-Ind., is a member of the House of
Representatives

                  Copyright 1989 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             260 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 April 20, 1992

Critics Say Guaranteed Lending Has Hurt Rural Mortgages

BYLINE: By TED CORNWELL

SECTION: FARM AND RURAL MORTGAGES; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 635 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


While the Farmers Home Administration rural home loan guarantee program is
receiving high marks, critics say the shift from direct lending to guaranteed
lending has reduced government support for rural housing.

The Bush Administration has proposed $ 300 million in unsubsidized rural
mortgage guarantees for next year and $ 400 million in interest-assisted rural
mortgage guarantees.

Congress appropriated $ 330 million for unsubsidized guaranteed lending in
fiscal 1992.  No interest-assisted loan guarantee authority was approved.

During fiscal 1991, a start-up year, FmHA used almost all of the $ 20 million
appropriated for subsidized single-family rural mortgage guarantees.

However, only 12% of the $ 70 million appropriated for unsubsidized mortgages
was used.

The Administration believes lenders have become more knowledgeable about the
guaranteed loan program and participation is growing.

The average home mortgage in the guarantee program is $ 52.910.

The farm agency estimates that more than 13,000 rural homebuyers would be
assisted next year under the Administration's proposed budget.

But rural housing advocates say more needs to be done to close a credit gap in
rural America.

The National Rural Housing Coalition said that rural financial institutions have
been hard hit by the S&L crisis and the recession, creating a shortage of
mortgage finance.

On average, rural homebuyers pay higher than metropolitan buyers, according to
the Coalition.

Moreover, rural mortgage terms average 21 years as opposed to 29 years for
metropolitan are mortgages.  Monthly payments are 15% higher as a result.

The Coalition says the shift from FmHA direct lending to guaranteed lending has
not been entirely smooth.

"The lack of interest on the part of local financial institutions has made it
difficult for the agency to fully use the authority provided," Art Collins, vice
president of the Coalition, told a congressional panel.

The Coalition urged Congress to increase emphasis on direct FmHA rural housing
loans.

Other interest groups believe the income threshhold should be raised to allow
more participation in the rural home loan guarantee program.

The National Association of Realtors said the income limit, currently at 100% of
an area median income, reduces use of the program and concentrates risk.

Raising the limit would reduce the government's risk exposure, NAR believes.

Stephen Ashley, chairman of Sibley Mortgage Corp., also told a congressional
panel that the income limit should be raised to 115% of the area median.

"The Section 502 Guaranteed Program has much promise.  Interest in the program
has spawned significant cooperation among FmHA, secondary mortgage market
agencies and lenders." Mr. Ashley said in written testimony.

He also said that increasing the volume of guarantee authority would stimulate
more lender interest.

Low-income housing advocates say FmHA's direct loan and rental assistance
programs also should be enhanced to help meet affordable housing needs in rural
America.

Rural areas had 22% of the U.S. population in 1990 but accounted for 27% of
persons below the poverty line, according to the Housing Assistance Council.

About 4.3 million rural households live in substandard housing or pay more than
30% of their income in housing costs, according to the National Housing Task
Force.

"The increasing lack of mortgage credit in rural areas in an impediment to
growth," said Earnest Beresh, vice president of the Housing Assistance Council.

Between 1983 and 1989, the number of thrifts in rural areas fell by 20%,
according to the HAC.

Increasing secondary market purchases of rural mortgages and expanding the
Community Reinvestment Act guidelines to target rural lending would help ease
the credit shortage, Mr. Beresh said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             261 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                               September 23, 2016

Edo Farmers Get N2 Billion CBN Loan

BYLINE: Adibe Emenyonu

LENGTH: 1013 words

DATELINE: Benin City


in Farmers in Edo State have become beneficiaries of N2billion loan from the
Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), guaranteed by the state government.

The loan is in consonant with one the apex bank's Anchor Borrowers' Programme
aimed at jobs creation, reduction in food imports and diversification of
Nigeria's economy.

The state farmers who also got a N1billion grant in 2011 from the state
government to buy farm implements and grow their farms, endorsed Godwin Obaseki
as the successor of the state governor Comrade Adams Oshiomhole.

Speaking during the flag-off of the programme in Benin City, on Wednesday,
Oshiomhole said the private sector's involvement was needed to create employment
and wealth for people especially those in the rural areas.

He said no matter how hard any governor will try, it alone cannot be able to
create all the jobs that are need in the state and in Nigeria.

"The primary purpose of government is not the recruitment of civil servants.
Indeed, the civil service which is manned by civil servants is there in order to
work and create the environment to support the citizens to do their own
businesses and run their lives. The most attractive and perhaps the only job in
town is working for the government. That has to change, and to change it, we
must revisit the economy and put our people back to work, rebuild the rural
economy and transfer prosperity to our farmers. That is the way to go, and that
is what this project is about", he declared

According to the governor, "The challenge of fighting rural poverty goes beyond
just building those roads. Those roads are a means to an end; they are not an
end in themselves. That end is, having opened up various communities, how do we
take advantage of the rural infrastructure to empower modern farmers, big and
small, using modern methods to produce and have guaranteed buyers of the
produce?

"So, the promise of this project which the Central Bank is going to provide the
funding, guaranteed by Edo State Government with the aid of the Bank of Industry
and one other commercial bank is to go back to the basics, have the benefit of a
modern approach to farming in a way that will give you greater yields and a
ready buyer of that yield who takes the product to process so that we don't
export the way we did it before without adding value. That way, prosperity will
return to the rural community. I need you to take this exercise very seriously.
We are in trouble if many of our people are idle."

He added: "We want Edo rice to return to Government House. So, this whole
approach is to recognise that we cannot continue to depend on consuming India
rice and India bread. We also realise that many of you have business initiative
but you don't have the money to start small scale farms because you are not
going to buy cutlasses and hoes anymore; you need small implements and that
requires strong capital, and that is where the bank comes in to provide that
loan, that facility that you will get, go back to your various places and start
doing something.

But I need you to know that each and every one of you who is serious, with the
funding from the bank and the assistance provided by the people who have the
skill to guide you through with modern implements and linking you with the
nearest large scale farmers, things will change and they will change on a
sustained basis, and wealth will return to rural communities and then Nigeria
will be safe."

Oshiomhole explained that this is not a project for next year, adding that he
wants to distribute those cheques before the end of his tenure.

Chairman of the Association, Chief Emmanuel Odigie, commended Oshiomhole for the
support to farmers in the state. He said "today's ceremony is a very epochal and
undeniable proof that your government has given enough recognition to farmers in
Edo State with a view to making the diversification of our economy a reality.

"Permit me on behalf of AFAN to appreciate you and your government for the
support given to AFAN since you came on board. I want to re-echo here the one
billion naira you gave to farmers in this state in the year 2011. Also, I will
not forget to appreciate you for the current two billion naira Anchors Borrowers
loan you also gave us now."

He added: "Although we are non-partisan, but we cannot thank you enough for the
massive development in Edo State, particularly in education, health, road
construction, erosion control and rehabilitation.

"To this end, AFAN promise to support you in all ramifications to vote massively
for our choice candidate Mr. Godwin Obaseki come 28th September 2016 to
guarantee the sustainable development of Edo State. We hereby officially endorse
our choice candidate, Obaseki."

The APC governorship candidate, Obaseki promised to support farmers when he
emerges Governor of the state.

He said: "I will make sure that everybody under this Anchor Borrowers scheme, I
will make sure you get your Certificate of Occupancy for your land free of
charge because, with that Certificate of Occupancy, you now have an access. We
will also make sure that in every local government, we sit down with the various
local governments and the various communities to help you acquire hectares of
land that are together rather than putting your farm here in this community,
then somebody is going ten kilometres to put another farm.

For you to clear your own, and for the other person to clear his own, he will
rent a tractor one day and it will take two days for the tractor to go to
another farm.

"So, what we will do is to acquire a contiguous piece of land in every local
government. There are many other things that we can now do as a government to
support you so that the cost of production, the cost of cultivating our land
goes down so that you can make a profit."

He concluded: "So, in a nutshell, this Anchors Borrowers Programme will ignite
the agriculture revolution in this country because it is based on the practical
topic of demand and supply. That is where we hope and pray that the bulk of the
jobs we require and which we are going to create in Edo State will come from.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             262 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Global Capital Euroweek

                                  May 5, 2000

ASIA

SECTION: LOANS

LENGTH: 1761 words


China

Arrangers and underwriters Bayerische Hypo-und Vereinsbank, Commonwealth Bank of
Australia, NM Rothschild & Sons (Australia) and SG have launched a $143.5m term
loan facility for Sino Mining Alumina.

The 7-1/2 year deal pays a margin of 300bp over Libor and fees on three levels.
Co-arrangers committing $20m will earn 100bp, senior lead managers providing
$15m gain 85bp and lead managers lending $11m receive 70bp. The transaction is
arranged out of Europe with banks in Australia, Hong Kong and Singapore being
targeted.

Proceeds will be used to refinance a $180m 10 year deal arranged by Crédit
Lyonnais, Barclays Capital, IBJ Asia and NatWest Markets in May 1997. The
$143.5m being raised is the remaining principal from the existing amortising
loan.

Responses are due by May 20.

Sino Mining Alumina - $143.5m

Term loan

Terms: 7-1/2 years at 300bp over

one, two, three or six month Libor. Repayment in 31 unequal quarterly payments

Arrangers: Bayerische Hypo-und Vereinsbank, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, NM
Rothschild & Sons (Australia), SG

Facility agent: NM Rothschild & Sons (Australia)

Bookrunner: SG

Security agent: NM Rothschild & Sons (Australia)

Fees: Commitment fee - 0bp

Participation fees - Co-As - 100bp for $20m

SLMs - 85bp for $15m

LMs - 70bp for $11m

Hong Kong

Dairy Farm International Holdings Co, Dairy Farm Co and Franklins Holdings are
tapping the market for a $3HKbn five year multi-currency revolver through
arrangers ABN Amro, Chase Manhattan Asia and Standard Chartered Bank.

Banks have been offered a margin of 62bp over Hibor and front end fees on three
levels. Arrangers with top tier commitments of $250HKm or more will earn 30bp,
co-arrangers contributing $150HKm-$249HKm gain 22bp and lead managers receive
15bp for $75HKm tickets.

Funds will be available in Hong Kong dollars, US dollars and Australian dollars.
The arrangers expect an enthusiastic response for this credit as it is the blue
chip borrower's first excursion into the syndicated loan market. All of its
previous funding has come the way of private bilaterals provided or arranged by
Jardine Fleming.

Proceeds are for general corporate funding purposes for the Hong Kong and
Australian based subsidiaries. Responses are due by May 24.

Dairy Farm Holdings International, Dairy Farm Co and Franklins Holdings - $3HKbn

Guaranteed by Dairy Farm Holdings International

Revolving credit

Terms: Five years at 62bp over

Hibor, available in HK$, US$ and A$

Bullet repayment

Arrangers: ABN Amro, Chase Manhattan Asia, Standard Chartered Bank

Fees: Commitment fee - 37.5bp if

under 50% is utilised, 25bp if 50% or more is utilised

Participation fee - As - 30bp for $250HKm

Co-As - 22bp for $150HKm

LMs - 15bp for $25HKm

The sub-underwriting group for the $2HKbn five year revolving credit facility
for CRE Finance (Hong Kong) guaranteed by China Resources Enterprises has been
completed.

Co-ordinating arrangers Dresdner Bank (Hong Kong) and Rabobank Nederland (Hong
Kong) underwrote $300HKm apiece, while HSBC Investment Bank Asia took $200HKm.
Arrangers, underwriting $200HKm each, are Bank Austria Creditanstalt
International, Hang Seng Bank, Industrial & Commercial Bank of China, Guangdong
Provincial Bank and Nan Yang Commercial Bank.

Fees to the market are 50bp for co-arrangers pledging $100HKm-$150HKm and 42.5bp
for senior managers contributing $50HKm-$99HKm. Proceeds are for general working
capital, with responses due by May 19.

CRE Finance (Hong Kong) - $2HKbn

Guaranteed by China Resources Enterprises

Revolving term credit facility

Terms: Five years at 68bp over

one, two, three or six month Hibor

Availability is one year

Available in US$ or HK$

Bullet repayment

Co-ordinating arrangers: Dresdner Bank AG (Hong Kong), HSBC Investment Bank
Asia, Rabobank Nederland (Hong Kong)

Arrangers: Bank Austria Creditanstalt International, Hang Seng Bank, Industrial
& Commercial Bank of China, Guangdong Provincial Bank, Nan Yang Commercial Bank

Facility agent: Rabobank Nederland (Hong Kong)

Fees: Commitment fee - 25bp

Participation fees - Co-As - 50bp for $100HKm-$150HKm SMs - 42.5bp for
$50HKm-$99HKm

Co-ordinating arranger HSBC Investment Bank Asia is forming a sub-underwriting
group for a $250m fundraising for Asia Satellite Telecommunications Co. The deal
is guaranteed by listed company Asia Satellite Telecommunications Holdings.
Banks will be offered a margin of 125bp over Libor and a management fee of 90bp.
Underwriting fees are 12.5bp for lead arrangers, who take $30m-$40m, and 7.5bp
for arrangers who take $20m-$25m.

Of the proceeds, $100m will finance the borrower's existing debt and $150m will
fund the construction of a new satellite in the US. Responses are due by May 15.

Asia Satellite Telecommunications Co - $250m

Guaranteed by Asia Satellite Telecommunications Holdings

Tranche A - $100m term loan

Tranche B - $150m term loan

Terms:Five years at 125bp over

one, two, three or six month Libor

Repayment in five equal SAIs

Grace period three years

Co-ordinating arranger and facility agent: HSBC Investment Bank Asia

Fees: Commitment fee - tranche B

- 40bp

Management fee - 90bp

Underwriting fees - Las - 12.5bp for $30m-$40m

As - 7.5bp for $20m to $25m

Syndication for Kerry Properties' $3HKbn revolving credit/term loan facility has
been extended to accommodate several banks still waiting for head office
approval. BOCI Capital, Hang Seng Finance and National Australia Bank are the
co-ordinating arrangers.

The deal is already oversubscribed. The final amount is likely to be increased
to about $3HK.5bn.

The deadline for responses is May 8.

Responses have been encouraging for the $100m dual currency loan for Shanghai
Industrial Investment (Holdings) Co. Hang Seng Bank and SG are the co-ordinating
arrangers.

The five year deal pays 90bp over either Libor or Hibor, depending on which
currency the funds are drawn in. All-in pricing for participants committing at
least $12m is 120bp. Responses are due today (Friday).

Citicorp International has launched a $500HKm FRCD for Fuji Bank (Hong Kong).

The two year issue pays a monthly coupon of 29bp. The tentative payment date for
the privately placed deal is May 25.

HSBC has issued a $200HKm fixed rate CD for Bayerische Hypo-und Vereinsbank
(Hong Kong). The three year deal pays a quarterly coupon of 7.2%. Payment is on
May 5.

Japan

Arrangers IBJ, Sakura Bank and Tokai Bank have closed syndication for the ¥70bn
revolving facility for Chubu Electric Power. The 364 day deal pays 25bp over
Tibor and no upfront fees. About 10 domestic institutions have joined the deal.

Korea

Arranger and underwriter Standard Chartered Bank has extended the deadline for
banks still awaiting approval for Hanvit Bank's $100m transferable term loan
/FRN.

Banks may commit to the loan, FRN, or both. Participants may choose maturities
for either instrument of 364 days or two years. An increase to the final amount
is likely. Banks have until early next week to respond.

Syndication of the $150m transferable term loan/FRN for KorAM Bank is scheduled
to close today (Friday). Bayerische Landesbank (Singapore) and Standard
Chartered Bank are the arrangers.

Banks may commit to either instrument and can also choose to take part in either
the two or three year tranches. The top tier all-in fee for the two year and
three year deals is 135bp and 160bp respectively.

Arrangers ABN Amro Bank, Standard Chartered Bank and WestLB have closed the
$300m debt facility for Hana Bank. Proceeds are split between a three year
transferable loan and FRN tranches. The arrangers are keeping $27.666m each.

Co-arrangers are Norddeutsche Landesbank, taking $25m, and Arab Bank, Fuji Bank
and Norinchukin Bank, providing $20m apiece.

Lead managers, lending $10m each, are Bank of Kaohsiung, Bank of Nova Scotia,
Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Commercial Bank of Kuwait, Den Danske Bank,
First Union National Bank and United Overseas Bank.

Co-lead managers are Banco Comercial Portugues, pledging $9m and Hua Nan
Commercial Bank, signing up for $7m.

The managers are Bank Hapoalim, Landesbank Schleswig-Holstein, United World
Chinese Commercial Bank, Yamaguchi and Zurcher Kantonalbank, contributing $5m
apiece; International Commercial Bank of China, absorbing $4m; China
Construction Bank, Comerica Bank and Indover Bank, taking $3m; and Commercial
Bank of Greece, Israel Discount Bank of New York, Unicredito Italiano and WGZ
Bank, committing $2m. Signing has been tentatively scheduled for May 19 in Hong
Kong.

Philippines

ABN Amro has won the mandate to arrange a $95m, six year export credit financing
for Smart Communications Inc.

The structure has yet to be finalised but the deal will include 95% political
and commerical risk, and 50% commercial risk cover from a prominent European
export credit agency. The deal will be launched next week.

Taiwan

GE Capital Taiwan has invited a number of banks to bid for its $5NTbn funding
requirement. They include Citibank (Taipei), Standard Chartered Bank, ABN Amro
(Taipei), BA Asia and BNP Paribas. It will be the first time a GE Capital
facility has raised funds in the Taiwanese currency, following numerous visits
to the Hong Kong dollar market. Bids are due today (Friday).

The $50m FRCD for E.Sun Commercial Bank (Offshore Banking) has been completed.
Arrangers are Bayerische Landesbank (Hong Kong) is keeping $12m and Citicorp
International and Standard Chartered Bank holding $11.5m each. Co-arrangers are
Nomura International, committing $10m, and Toronto Dominion Bank (Singapore),
providing $5m.

The three year issue has put and call options at the end of year two and pays a
semi-annual coupon of 32.5bp. Payment date is tentatively set for May 12.

Arranger Citibank NA (Taipei) has closed the $120m, three year financing for
Affluence International Co, guaranteed by Ritek Corp. The deal was
oversubscribed and increased from $80m. The arranger held $7m.

Signing up as lead managers pledging $7m apiece are Hua Nan Bank, Taiwan Land
Bank, Changhwa Commercial Bank, Taipei Bank, Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank, Generale
Bank, Bank Brussels Lambert SA and Banca Nazionale del Lavoro SpA.

Managers comprise Bank of Overseas Chinese lending $5m, International Commercial
Bank of China and Norinchukin Bank contributing $4.5m and Taiwan Business Bank
committing $4m.

Joining as co-managers are E.Sun Bank, absorbing $4m, and International Bank of
Taipei, Shanghai Commercial and Savings Bank, Fubon Bank, Baodao Bank, Asia
Pacific Bank, Dah-An Bank, Central Trust of China, Chiba Bank, Banco di Napoli
and Banca Commerciale Italiana, providing $3.5m apiece.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EUROW


              Copyright 2000 Euromoney Institutional Investor PLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             263 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Farm Lenders Fear Road Ahead May Be Bumpy, Study Finds

                            January 6, 1995, Friday

By BARBARA F. BRONSTIEN


Agricultural bankers continue to be concerned about the long-term outlook for
farming and rural economic development, according to a recent survey.

In an informal study released last week by the American Bankers Association, 96%
of the bankers queried at its Agricultural Bankers Conference in November said
enough credit was available in their area.

However, 56% cited a decrease in the number of creditworthy borrowers in their
area in the past year, compared with 50% in a similar 1993 survey.

"There is some concern for potential credit problems due to commodities prices,
but overall there's significant funds available for lending to the farm sector,"
said Darcy L. Myers, chairman of the ABA's ag bankers division.

Mr. Myers, who also is vice president of Norwest Bank Denver, said that a drop
in prices on commodities, such as cattle and hogs, likely increased bankers'
questions about creditworthiness.

Topping bankers' overall concerns in the survey - as in 1993 - was the
regulatory environment, cited by 39% of respondents. Rural development and
competition followed, with 22% and 18% respectively.

About 37% of survey respondents said they would be able to make more Farmers
Home Administration-guaranteed farm loans because of the agency's certified
lender program - up from 27% in the previous year's survey.

However, only 32% of the ag bankers overall expected to make more FmHA
guaranteed loans in 1995, down from 47% in the 1993 survey. Further, 39%
expected to make fewer such loans, up from 30% the previous year.

Mr. Myers said that only some banks make the extra efforts to become certified
lenders, which streamlines the loan approval process. Those banks are more
likely to make Farmers Home Administration loans, he said.

Other survey responses:

* Only 17% of respondents said they had to pay clean-up costs on environmentally
contaminated collateral or property. Still, 73% of respondents said
environmental liability laws have affected whether they will make a loan.

* About 62% of respondents were unsure what effect the reorganization of the
U.S. Agriculture Department will have on farmers in their area, although 35%
said things would be better.

* Likewise, 62% of respondents were unsure how changes in federal crop insurance
would affect credit availability in their area. About 37% thought the changes
would increase available credit.

* Nearly two-thirds of respondents said there are not enough beginning farmers
in their area.

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 414 words

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1995 American Banker, Inc.


                             264 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 28, 1990, Saturday, Final Edition

Trade Sanctions Voted By Senate Against Iraq;
Measure Would Ban Loans for Farm Products

BYLINE: Guy Gugliotta, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A15

LENGTH: 716 words


The Senate voted yesterday to impose sanctions prohibiting Iraq from receiving
U.S. government-guaranteed loans for the purchase of American farm products.

The House passed a milder version of the sanctions, giving the secretary of
agriculture broad authority to waive them if he judged they hurt the export
competitiveness of U.S. farmers. Since Iraq became eligible for the program in
1983, it has purchased approximately $ 4.5 billion in U.S. commodities with the
credits.

Both measures were inserted as amendments to the House and Senate versions of
the 1990 farm bill, virtually assuring that they would appear in some form in
the final bill to be sent to President Bush later this year. They follow a week
of Iraqi military threats against neighboring Kuwait over an oil production
dispute, but also reflect a larger congressional concern about Iraq's human
rights record.

The Bush administration is known to oppose congressional imposition of sanctions
against the Iraqi government of President Saddam Hussein, feeling that such
action is the president's prerogative.

"It's been our view that the president should have the final decision on whether
to waive sanctions either on national interest or national security grounds,"
said a senior State Department official. "The amendments are not good enough."

State Department spokesman Richard Boucher said at a briefing that "Iraq's
recent behavior has caused us concern," and acknowledged that the administration
was looking at "export controls" as a way of manifesting its displeasure and had
a "general concern" about weapons proliferation in Iraq.

But he added the administration felt Congress's actions "would not help us
achieve our goals."

Iraq in 1979-82 was subject to U.S. trade sanctions as a nation supporting
international terrorism. Accusations have continued that the Iraqi government
has used poison gas against its enemies and is seeking advanced weapons
technology.

New congressional concern about Iraq arose last year with disclosures that the
Atlanta branch of the Italian Banca Nazionale del Lavoro had written nearly $ 2
billion in unauthorized loans to the Iraqi government in the previous two years.
Most of the loans had been used for the purchase in the United States and other
countries of industrial products, weapons and technology.

The portfolio, however, also included $ 750 million in loans guaranteed by the
U.S. government for grain and other agriculture commodities purchased from the
Department of Agriculture's Commodity Credit Corp.

The guarantees are meant to facilitate sale of U.S. agricultural products to
countries that would otherwise have difficulty obtaining credit.

Iraq joined the program in 1983, while mired in a bloody war against Iran. It
owes approximately $ 2 billion for the $ 4.3 billion in purchases it has made
since then, but is current on its payments.

Senate debate focused on Hussein and Iraq's questionable human rights record.
Sen. Alfonse M. D'Amato (R-N.Y.), sponsor of the amendment, called the Iraqi
leader "a butcher, a killer, a bully -- some day we're going to have to stand up
to him. Why not now?"

His amendment precluded the president from extending any new financial credits
to Iraq unless he certified to Congress that the Iraqi government had met a
series of human rights conditions.

In the House, Rep. Dan Glickman (D-Kan.) introduced a measure restricting
guaranteed loans for agricultural purchases by "any country" that had
demonstrated lack of respect for human rights or used chemical weapons or
supported terrorism.

The amendment passed 234 to 175, but was quickly followed by a second one
granting the agriculture secretary discretion to waive the sanctions. This
amendment, which passed 208 to 191, considerably softened the Glickman measure.

"We got 75 percent of what we wanted," Glickman said.

The Senate also passed an amendment to the farm measure, introduced by Sen.
Jesse Helms (R -- N.C.), that would prohibit U.S. financial institutions from
lending money to the Soviet Union for non-agricultural purchases at rates below
what they offer to U.S. farmers. Sources indicated, however, that the amendment,
which passed 64 to 32, was likely to be discarded by the House-Senate conference
that prepares the final farm bill.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: FOREIGN NEWS, NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 The Washington Post


                             265 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                          December 13, 1995 Wednesday

BYLINE: Jeff Olson

LENGTH: 328 words


Republican Gov. Ed Schafer will announce his re-election bid among hundreds of
friends at a fund-raising banquet Thursday night in Bismarck. Schafer, who took
office three years ago Thursday, will hit the campaign trail without having paid
all debts on the fish farm he is selling.

Late this past summer, Schafer said he wouldn't start the re-election run until
those debts were paid. ""When I originally made that statement I was confident I
could have all this done when I announced for re-election,'' Schafer said
Tuesday. ""It's (the sale to Golden Fisheries) not going to be finalized before
Thursday.'' Dan Hannaher, executive director of the North Dakota Democratic/NPL
Party, said Schafer's failure to pay off the bills before the campaign starts is
a broken promise. ""He's making legitimate the continued criticism from
Democrats and other North Dakotans of the way he's running his office and his
financial concerns,'' Hannaher said. Schafer said, ""The major portion of the
public debt (in the fish farm finance package) is out of there so I'm going to
move forward with the re-election campaign.'' The sale of the fish farm near
Beulah has been in the works since August 1994. Golden Fisheries had applied for
a federally guaranteed loan but that was denied late last week. Schafer said he
still expects the sale to go through. ""They were going for the federally
guaranteed loan first because that had the lower interest rate. Everyone I've
talked to is confident it'll stil go through.'' At Thursday's banquet, Schafer
will introduce his campaign team. Most members are back from the 1992 campaign
in which Schafer routed then-North Dakota Attorney General Nicholas Spaeth. The
only paid staffer now is Joan Wigen, a campaign coordinator. Schafer's
entrepreneur father, Harold, will be the campaign chairman. Yvonne Kroll returns
as treasurer. The finance chairman is Norm Jones of Fargo, the brother-in-law of
Schafer's wife, first lady Nancy Jones Schafer.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1995 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             266 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 April 20, 1998

Fannie Set to Buy More Rural Loans

BYLINE: BY MARK FOGARTY

SECTION: FARM AND RURAL MORTGAGES; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 388 words

DATELINE: Washington


Fannie Mae is predicating another increase this year in the volume of rural
mortgages it will purchase, in the wake of a $ 300 million increase last year.

Walt Patton, senior business manager, rural housing for the agency, thinks
Fannie Mae will go above the $ 16.9 billion in rural mortgages it bought last
year, itself a jump from 1996's volume of the $ 16.6 billion.  The 1997 volume
financed 216,942 home loans, down slightly from 1996's 218,043.

Fannie's volume divided by the number of loans would indicate an average
mortgage of almost $ 78,000.

The agency has $ 78 billion in rural outstandings, on more than one million
homes. For 1997, it financed more than 54,000 low-mod borrowers, nearly 13,500
minority homeowners, and 27,300 first-timers.

Mr. Patton did not have a breakout, but said that most of Fannie's rural
purchases go into its securitization program, with some going into the agency's
portfolio.

Mr. Patton pointed out that all of Fannie Mae's standard loans are available in
rural America.  The agency also purchases the section 502 loan guaranteed by
Rural Housing Services, the rural successor to the old Farmers Home
Administration.

It has also bought some loans made on rural Indian reservations guaranteed by
the Department of Housing and Urban Development's section 184 program.

The official says Fannie Mae has seen a "really good increase" in its business
in lower-income areas, part of an initiative to reach underserved areas.  The
agency has pledged to hit a trillion dollars in low-mod lending nationwide by
the end of the year 2000.

Besides working with lenders in rural America, Fannie Mae has gone into
partnership with bigger entities to increase its production.

Mr. Patton said Fannie is working with the Farm Credit System, which is the
largest provider of credit for agricultural mortgages in the country.

He said Agfirst Farm Credit Bank, Columbia, S.C., is acting as a conduit,
gathering loans from small commercial banks and FCS lenders, and selling the
production to Fannie Mae.,

Another partnership is with the National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance
Corp.

Here, Mr. Patton said, rural electricity cooperative are diversifying, in order
to retain their customer bases.  So they are offering a rural housing program,
and selling the production to Fannie Mae.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1998 Faulkner & Gray


                             267 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 March 1, 1993

Budget Plan Would Consolidate FmHA

SECTION: FARM AND RURAL MORTGAGES; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 281 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


President Clinton's economic plan calls for significant cuts in agricultural
income support programs and consolidation of farm agencies, including the
Farmers Home Administration.

The plan proposes that key U.S. Department of Agriculture agencies be combined
to form a new Farm Services Agency.

The Agricultural Stabilization and Conservation Service, the Soil Conservation
Service, and the Farmers Home Administration would be folded into a single
entity.

In many cases, the different agencies already share the same county office
sites.

The consolidation will save $ 730 million over four years, according to the
administration.

Like the Bush administration, the Clinton team wants to emphasize guaranteed
rather than direct lending under the Farmers Home Administration farm loan
programs.

Under the guarantee programs, lenders originate loans to qualified borrowers and
receive a guarantee from the FHA.

The administration has also proposed an increase in the rural housing guaranteed
loan program.

The Clinton plan would make changes designed to reduce losses in the Federal
Crop Insurance Program.

The plan would apparently save $ 550 million over four years by closing the gap
between Crop Insurance losses and premiums paid by farmers.

The administration also has proposed increased USDA user fees.

Fees for the Federal Grain Inspection Service, the Agricultural Marketing
Service, and the Agricultural Cooperative Service would all go up under the
Clinton plan.

In addition, meat and poultry inspection fees and fees for grazing on public
land would also be increased.

Farm subsidies under the Commodity Credit Corporation would be more restrictive
as well.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             268 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

USDA Adds $185 Million to Its Direct, Guaranteed Loan Program

LENGTH: 572  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jackson: Growing Mississippi has issued the following news release:



  USDA's Farm Service Agency announced today that it is offering some
much-needed relief to financially stressed farmers by making an additional $185
million worth of direct and guaranteed loans available in the short remainder of
this fiscal year.





 The additional funds will make it possible to issue or guarantee 1,900 loans to
farmers who already applied and have been waiting for the credit they need to
buy fuel, fertilizer, feed or other inputs, FSA said. The money won't be able to
meet nearly all of the pent-up demand, the agency said. In fact, it will only
cover about 30 percent of the outstanding need until the next fiscal year starts
on Oct. 1.



 "Some of our farming and ranching customers are experiencing challenges due to
market conditions and have been on a wait list for up to 60 days, so this will
help those applicants whose paperwork has been pending the longest period of
time to obtain credit or restructure loans as needed," FSA Administrator Val
Dolcini said in a release. "While the backlog in loan applications will grow
between now and the end of the fiscal year, it is important for borrowers to
continue to apply since we will process loans on a first-come-first-served basis
based on the application date, once funding is replenished in fiscal year 2017."




 The growing demand for the farm operating loans can be tied directly to years
of week commodity prices, said Bob Young, chief economist for the American Farm
Bureau Federation.



 "It is kind of a sign of the times, just as much as anything else," Young said.
"For the last several years... farmers that you talk to were basically
self-financing... They had the cash in hand so they didn't have to go to the
bank for loans to be able to put the crop in the ground. Some farmers have
obviously chewed through that money and are now saying I need to go to the bank
and get a loan."



 FSA in its statement confirmed that the loans it makes or guarantees are in
much higher demand than in past years.



 It's a problem that was pointed out earlier this year by Nathan Kauffman,
assistant vice president and Omaha branch executive with the Federal Reserve
Bank of Kansas City. Default rates are still low, Kauffman told the Senate
Appropriations Subcommittee on Agriculture in a special session in March, but he
stressed that prolonged declines in commodity prices and farmer income threaten
to weaken agricultural credit conditions and put pressure on farmland values.



 Farm income is expected to fall in 2016 for the third year in a row, according
to a new forecast released this week by USDA's Economic Research Service. The
updated prediction for net farm income is $71.5 billion, down from $80.7 billion
in 2015 and $92.6 billion in 2014.



 The FSA also reminded farmers today that they can get similar loan guarantees
from the Small Business Administration and may even be able to switch back into
the FSA program after they get a loan.



 But Young said there is a danger of farmers taking on too much debt.



 "The concern is that if we get to the stage where they're rolling these
operating loans from one year to the next and some of that may be what's going
on here," he said. "I suspect that the demand level for those loans is going to
remain high," Young said.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             269 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            January 22, 1995 Sunday

LENGTH: 634 words


The Bank of North Dakota's history includes plenty of times of both prosperity
and economic downturns. Its history began with $2 million in capital nearly a
decade before the stock market crashed in 1929. þ June 28, 1919: Opening day.
The bank begins its first day of business with $2 million in capital. The
Industrial Commission approved the sale of state bonds to raise the capital.

þ October 1922: Industrial Commission recalled for having too much power. þ 1919
to 1933: BND loans almost $41 million to approximately 17,000 farmers with notes
bearing 6 to 6.5 percent interest over a 26- to 30-year term. The bank loses
$18.8 million on these loans. þ 1929: First profit of $240,276, a 12 percent
earning. þ 1932: Nonpartisan League regains control of North Dakota government.
Gov. William Langer replaces a third of BND's employees and suspends farm loans
for mortgages. þ 1935: BND becomes a certified Farmers Home Administration
lender. þ 1937: Frank Vogel becomes bank manager. þ 1940: BND forecloses on
6,421 farms, accumulating 1.6 million acres of farmland for the state. Langer
imposes a three-year moratorium on debt. þ 1948: BND becomes a certified
Veterans Administration lender. þ 1956: State Scholarship Revolving Fund for
college students passes the ballot. BND funds the $1 million fund. þ Aug. 10,
1967: BND makes the first federally insured student loan to Grady Porter, a
Valley City State College student. þ 1969: Advisory board of directors forms. þ
Nov. 19, 1970: BND makes its 10,000th federally insured student loan. þ March 9,
1970: Senate and House approve $750,000 remodeling project for BND þ March 17,
1970: Industrial Commission authorizes BND to commit up to $1 million to provide
supplemental housing loans to low-income persons. þ July 28, 1969: 50th
anniversary. þ 1970: BND publishes its first annual report. þ June 3, 1971: A
new loan program opens. BND may buy federally-insured loans about to go into
repayment from any eligible student loan lender in the state. þ July 8, 1971:
Industrial Commission authorizes BND to lease a computer to use for data
processing operations from the Burroughs Corporation for $2,695 per month. þ
Dec. 2, 1971: In partnership with the Farmers Home Administration, BND begins
direct farm ownership lending for the first time in 30 years. þ April 7, 1972:
BND becomes a Federal Funds market center, allowing North Dakota banks to
maintain a fully invested position on a day-to-day basis. This reduces the
amount of funds that must leave the state. þ April 13, 1972: Electronic data
processing system installed in BND's new computer center. þ April 30, 1972: All
checking accounts processed by computer. þ November 1972: BND's newly remodeled
interior displays wagon wheel patterns across desk fronts and throughout the
carpet. þ November 1973: Exterior remodeling complete. The bank building now
ties into the ""Rough Rider'' theme of the interior, sporting the BND logo
nested in a wagon wheel. þ July 1974: BND agrees to try the paperless exchange
system, an electronic fund transfer. þ 1975: Municipal Bond Bank, a source for
public improvements financed by BND, is approved by the state Legislature. þ
October 1976: BND increases its lending limit for one borrower to $5 million or
25 percent of BND's capital and surplus. þ 1977: Parking lot is expanded. þ
1978: Third and fourth floors remodeled. þ 1979: Beginning Farmer program
initiated. þ 1982: Beginning Farmer program suspended for one year due to lack
of state deposits. þ July 1982: State guaranteed student loan program developed.
More than $25 million in guaranteed loans were made by the end of the year. þ
July 1995: 75th anniversary

CUTLINE From TRIBUNE Files In 1973, a remodeling project resulted in a "Rough
Rider' theme, featuring wagon wheels throughout the bank.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1995 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             270 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Farm Credit Bailout Sets Pattern for FSLIC Solution

                          December 7, 1988, Wednesday

By WELDON V. BARTON


THE Bush administration and the 101st Congress face a financial crisis of
unprecedented magnitude. The deposit insurance fund (FSLIC) of the savings and
loan industry is insolvent.

Hundreds of essentially failed savings and loans must still be shut down while
protecting their depositors. Can the money be found to clean up this mess?

Is there any budget-acceptable solution to this crisis? The answer to both
questions is yes, and there is even a road map leading to a solution. The road
map is the recent legislation bailing out the troubled multibillion dollar Farm
Credit System.

The Farm Credit System and the S&L industry - and their problems - are
remarkably similar. Each is a loose conglomeration of hundreds of local lending
institutions serving more or less a special class of borrowers: farmers and home
buyers.

In both cases, the local lenders operate within the domain of 1 of 12 major
regional banks, and under the tutelage of a national regulatory agency that has
traditionally acted as a friendly supervisor and promoter of its entourage of
local lenders. Furthermore, a common plight - plunging values of the real estate
assets securing the loans - has been the bottom line of the disastrous financial
problems for both farm credit banks and the S&Ls.

Legislation passed in 1985 and 1987 put real muscle into government regulation
of the farm credit banks, and is restoring the $50 billion financially troubled
system to viability. In slowly returning to profitability, the system's assets
will shrink substantially, and some farm credit banks will not survive.

But farm foreclosures have all but ceased, and most repossessed farmland has
been absorbed back into the market. Less than one-fourth of a $4 billion bailout
package approved in 1987 has been used.  Order-of-Magnitude Difference

Of course there are important differences between the problems of the farm
credit banks and the savings and loans, not the least of which is that resolving
the FSLIC mess could cost 10 or more times the amount of the farm credit bank
bailout. But the basic farm credit blueprint fits the S&Ls. Here are the major
building blocks:

* Put a presidential board in charge. The first step in the farm credit bailout,
which began in 1985, was to charter a captive corporation of the farm credit
banks themselves as a mechanism for shifting the banks' accumulated reserves
from stronger to weaker banks within the system.

Taxpayer funds were made available in the 1987 act, when $4 billion of bond
funds were approved. That legislation established a three-person presidential
board headed by the Treasury secretary to take charge of all disbursements of
funds from those bonds.

In the case of the FSLIC, the $10.8 billion recapitalization bill that passed in
1987 obligated up to $3 billion of the S&L industry's own reserve capital. No
public funds were authorized.

However, unlike the farm credit situation, the back door of the Treasury
remained open. During 1988 the Federal Home Loan Bank Board made commitments
exposing the Treasury to some $25 billion of liabilities. Unquestionably, it is
past time to take cues from how the farm credit bailout was handled, and put a
presidential board in charge of the FSLIC bailout.

* Recapitalize, but use the industry's capital first. The First Commandment of
the farm credit bailout was that the farm credit banks share and deplete their
own at-risk capital, before public funds were used. Then in 1987, when the $4
billion of U.S. government-guaranteed 15 year bonds were finally authorized, the
legislation required that the farm credit banks repay all of the principal, 50%
of the interest for the second five-year interval, and all of the interest for
the last five years until maturity.

Treasury is obligated to pay the rest of the interest, but a general recapture
provision stipulates that the farm credit banks must reimburse the government
for the cost of that interest, if and when they become financially able to do
so.  Sidestepping the Bottomless Pit

The logic of this arrangement is compelling: it avoided squandering taxpayer
dollars in a seemingly bottomless pit that defied any close approximation of
bailout costs on the front end. And it will keep pressure on the Farm Credit
System to hold down the eventual cost of the bailout.

This pattern is applicable to the S&L situation. A new FSLIC legislative package
should make further use of the S&L industry's own capital, in two respects.

First, Congress should complete action authorizing the $5 billion of additional
bonds that can be leveraged out of the $3 billion of S&L industry reserve
capital obligated in 1987 for the $10.8 billion of bonds. This action would make
a total of $15.8 billion available from that source.

Second, the S&Ls hold about $12.6 billion of capital stock in the Federal Home
Loan banks. While not liquid reserves, this holding represents accumulated
capital assets on which at least the earnings should be obligated toward
recapitalizing the FSLIC. The new legislative package should preserve the
availability of that stock for recapitalizing the FSLIC.

The Bush administration and Congress will need to decide if it is workable to
further capitalize future earnings of the S&L industry with special assessments.
They also must decide the amount and form of outside funds - basically Treasury
funds - that needs to be allocated for bailing out the FSLIC.

Since Treasury's obligations will be stretched out over many years, the
legislation should include some type of recapture provision patterned after the
Farm Credit System bailout. Such a provision would, at least, prevent windfalls
to surviving and acquiring institutions if real estate values improve in Texas
and other places.

The moratorium on S&L conversions to commercial banks may need to be applied
throughout the bailout period since, unlike the farm credit banks, the S&Ls
would have the alternative of converting to FDIC-insured banks and avoiding the
liabilities associated with the bailout. The legislative package can be made
more palatable in connection with the budget deficits by stretching out the
bailout period longer than the 15 years used for the Farm Credit System bonds.
In that respect, the $15.8 billion of funds derived from leveraging the $3
billion of S&L industry reserve capital is based upon a 30-year amortization
period.  Limits on Bonding Authority

The question remains: How much dollar authority should be included in the new
savings and loan legislative package to issue uncollateralized bonds, with the
timely payment of principal and interest guaranteed by the U.S. government
(similar to the $4 billion authorized for the Farm Credit System bailout)?
Whatever amount of guaranteed bonds is authorized, the presidential board should
be given authority to control drawdowns as is done with the farm credit bonds.

The principal on the bonds can be repaid from: 1) the earnings on the $12.6
billion of capital stock held by the S&Ls in the Federal Home Loan banks, and 2)
the sale of repossessed property from liquidated savings and loans. Those
sources should be enough for tens of billions of dollars of bonds, providing the
cash needed for closing bankrupt savings and loans and other assistance.

Like the $ billion of farm credit bonds, the principal on those bonds should be
off-budget since the principal would be repaid without Treasury funds. Even if
Treasury paid all of the interest, the legislative package becomes thinkable -
and of necessity doable.

* Make the regulation of savings and loans effective. The FSLIC recapitalization
and bailout package would be incomplete unless it corrects the deficiencies in
regulation that exposed the insurance fund to runaway losses. Regulatory
restructuring is certainly mandated.

Here, the Farm Credit System blueprint fits, but only partially. The 1985
legislation replaced the farm credit banks' friendly supervisory body with a
three-member "arm's length" regulatory board that was given examination and
enforcement powers patterned after those available to the Comptroller of the
Currency in supervising commercial banks.

The new Farm Credit Administration Board's job of reining in the farm credit
banks is not as difficult as that posed by the savings and loan situation
because the farm credit banks' powers are completely federally determined and
the farm credit banks had not been allowed to stray into major new lending
activities.  Examiners Need Greater Authority

The FSLIC bailout package needs to follow the farm credit precedent and
strengthen the Federal Home Loan Bank Board into an effective regulator and
examiner. Examining officials need more discretion to remove officers and
directors, use cease-and-desist orders, and generally take timely action against
abuses on a case-by-case basis.

But more is required. Congress probably needs to redraw the lines on permissible
financing activities of the S&Ls.

* Finally, two other guideposts can be taken from the Farm Credit System
experience. First, Congress kept the Farm Credit bailout focused primarily on
the farm credit banks themselves, and resisted including direct subsidies to
farm borrowers such as interest rate "buydowns." Similarly, it would do well to
avoid taking on the housing-affordability problem in the S&L bailout.

Second, if the savings and loan bailout follows the farm credit blueprint, both
instances assume that a set of financial institutions will survive that is
devoted more to financing farms and houses respectively than to any other class
of borrowers. Obviously, neither the farm credit banks nor the savings and loans
that survive will emerge from their problems with a lock on, or completely
locked into, farm or housing finance. Evolution in the roles of these financial
institutions will go on in future years.

Meanwhile, the hemorrhaging in the FSLIC's liabilities at the rate of $1 billion
a month makes the S&L situation a true crisis that needs to be resolved quickly
and convincingly. As indicated, the handling of the much smaller, but
conceptually similar, Farm Credit System problem provides specific guidelines
for getting this done in 1989.

Getting it done will include major decisions unique to the savings and loan
situation. But Congress has proven adept at hammering out acceptable policy in
complicated areas once it settles on the basic parameters.

During the past year, following completion in 1987 of the legislation providing
real solutions to the Farm Credit System's problems, farmland prices firmed up
and active markets for farm real estate revived in the midwestern Farm Belt.
With that, the expected cost of the farm credit banks' bailout dropped.

For taxpayers, the FSLIC - and the depressed economies of Texas and other areas
afflicted by the savings and loan mess - that could be the real payoff resulting
from decisively adapting the Farm Credit System blueprint to the FSLIC-savings
and loan crisis.

SECTION: COMMENTARY; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1833 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1988 American Banker, Inc.


                             271 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 18, 2014 Saturday

Farm Service Agency: Supervisory Loan Specialist (Agricultural)
FSA-15-0020-DAFLP-RMO

LENGTH: 2459  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Supervisory Loan Specialist (Agricultural)

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Farm Service Agency

Job Announcement Number:FSA-15-0020-DAFLP-RMO
SALARY RANGE:
 $89,924.00 to $138,136.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Friday, October 17, 2014 to Thursday, October 30, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1165-13/14
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
14
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Washington DC, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Restricted to current permanent FSA Federal/County employees Nationwide and
USDA CTAP candidates.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 Yes
JOB SUMMARY:

The Farm Service Agency (FSA) is an exciting and rewarding place to start, build
and/or continue your career. Be part of our team and support the well-being of
American agriculture and the American public.

FSA's diverse culture and benefits allow for a healthy balance between your
career and home life. In addition to a generous salary, FSA offers a friendly
and professional working environment with a diverse workforce, flexible
hours/work schedules, and other family-friendly benefits such as: paid vacation
and sick leave, paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide
array of health, dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending
accounts, and long-term care insurance.

PLEASE READ ALL THE INSTRUCTIONS UNDER "HOW TO APPLY" BEFORE YOU BEGIN.
FARM SERVICE AGENCY (FSA) COUNTY EMPLOYEES:  Permanent County employees without
prior Federal tenure who are selected for a Civil Service position under Public
Law 105-277 will be given a career-conditional appointment and must serve a
1-year probationary period.

TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    10% Greater

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

You must be a U.S. Citizen or National to apply.
    Required to pass a background investigation and fingerprint check.
    Registered for Selective Service, if applicable.
    Successful completion of a one year probationary period.
    Meet experience requirements.
    Complete the Occupational Questionnaire/submit resume/supporting documents.
    Relocation Incentive may be authorized up to 25%.

DUTIES:
Back to top

This position is assigned to the Deputy Administrator Farm loan Programs, Loan
Making Division, located in Washington, DC.

Duties:

Develop and recommend nationwide procedures for making direct and guaranteed
loans, for debt settlement and for managing inventory property;
    Train field staff in all phases of direct and guaranteed loan making;
    Monitor, inspect and evaluate the administration of Agency direct and
guaranteed loan making programs at the State and county levels;
    Recommend administrative, legal and legislative actions to be taken as a
result of program reviews;
    Review and recommend action on direct and guaranteed loan making cases which
present complex problems or exceed the delegated authority of field offices;
    Formulate and administer loan allocations for direct and guaranteed farm
loan programs.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all qualification requirements by 11:59 p.m. EST on the
closing date including time-in-grade restrictions and experience as defined
below:

Time-in-grade:  Applicants who have held a General Schedule (GS) position within
the last 52 weeks must meet the time-in-grade restrictions.  Applicants must
meet one year at the next lower grade level to be considered for the next higher
grade (i.e., one year at the GS-12 grade level for consideration at the GS-13
grade level).

You may start at the GS-13 level if you have one of the following
qualifications:


At least one full-time year (12 months) of specialized work experience
equivalent in difficulty and responsibility to the GS-12 grade level in the
Federal service that demonstrates competence in guaranteed loan making programs.
Broad experience and seasoned judgment in providing financial management
guidance to borrowers and evaluating the general economic and financial
conditions that affect the Government's risk in granting, guaranteeing, or
insuring agricultural loans.


You may start at the GS-14 level if you have one of the following
qualifications:

At least one full-time year (12-months) of specialized work experience
equivalent in difficulty and responsibility to the GS-13 grade level in the
Federal service.  experience that demonstrates a comprehensive knowledge of
analytical and evaluative methods in addition to an understanding of farm loan
activities and how they are administered for assessment and improvement of
program effectiveness or the improvement of complex management process and
systems.

THE SUBSTITUTION OF EDUCATION IS NOT QUALIFYING
FOR THE GS-13-14  LEVEL

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done
through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other
organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual;
community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies,
knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that
translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all
qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

Supervisory Probationary Period: Section 303 of the Civil Service Reform Act
(Public Law 95-454) established a probationary period of one year for newly
appointed managers and supervisors.


BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in this
position is contingent upon a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.

CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected for this position you will
be required to submit an Annual Financial Disclosure Report within 30 days of
your initial appointment date, and annually thereafter.

HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

Applications and all required documentation (see below) will be reviewed to
determine if applicants meet eligibility and job requirements.  Qualified
applicants will be rated on the extent and quality of experience, education, and
training they possess relevant to the duties of the position and the extent
applicants possess the following knowledge, skills and abilities (or
competencies):

Technical Competence
        Organizational Awareness
        Writing
        Planning and Evaluating
        Customer Service

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your rating in this
occupational questionnaire is subject to evaluation and verification based on
the documents and references you submit.  Be sure your resume clearly supports
your responses to all the questions addressing experience and education relevant
to this position.  If a determination is made that you have rated yourself
higher than is supported by your description of experience and/or education OR
that your application is incomplete it may result in receipt of a lower or
ineligible rating.   Errors, omissions, or providing inaccurate information on
federal documents could also be grounds for dismissing you from the
position/agency.  Please follow all instructions carefully.

To view the application form, visit:
https://fsa.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=e694a09e-7c79-
4dd7-8fba-a3c40084aed0

BENEFITS:
Back to top
The Federal service offers a comprehensive benefits package.  To explore the
benefits offered to most Federal employees click here .  Permanent employees are
eligible to elect life and health insurance coverage and will be covered by a
Retirement System.  Employees will earn annual and sick leave.

OTHER INFORMATION:

Reemployment Priority List (RPL), Career Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP) or
Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming
RPL/CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide a copy of your most recent annual
performance appraisal (at least "fully successful" or equivalent), and proof of
eligibility, i.e., a RIF separation notice or Certification of Expected
Separation, and SF-50 noting current position, grade level, and duty location.
RPL/CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a rating
of 85 or above excluding veterans points.

Selective Service:  If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959,
you must certify that you have registered with the Selective Service, or are
exempt from having to do so under Selective Service law.  See www.sss.gov.

Direct Deposit:   Per Public Law 104-134 all federal employees are required to
have federal payments made by direct deposit to a financial institution of their
choosing.

E-Verify:  Federal law requires agencies to use E-Verify system to confirm the
employment eligibility of all new hires.  If you are selected as a newly hired
employee, the documentation you present for purposes of completing the
Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty date will
be verified through the DHS "E-Verify" system.  Under the system, the new hire
is required to resolve any identified discrepancies as a condition of continued
employment.

Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact:
USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).

If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will be
placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted if
you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management.
However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.

This announcement may be used to fill multiple vacancies.

This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.

HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Standard Time (EST) on the closing date of
this announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.

Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.

NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded resumes must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

In addition to your Occupational Questionnaire and Online Resume, other
documents may be required.

1) If you are a current or former Federal employee, you must provide the most
current Notification of Personnel Action (Form SF-50) that verifies
career-conditional/career status, position title, series and grade (do not
submit an Award SF-50). FSA County employees must provide the most recent
Notification of Personnel Action (Form SF-50-B or FSA-50) that verifies
permanent status. Also provide the SF-50 that reflects the highest grade level
held on a permanent basis or the full performance level of your current
position, whichever is higher. Failure to do so will result in an ineligible
rating.

2) If you are a current or former Federal employee, you must submit your most
recently completed annual performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) which
identifies the employee's official rating of record, signed by the supervisor,
or a statement advising why the performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not
submit a performance plan.  Please select document type "Other" to upload your
performance appraisal/rating.  Failure to do so will result in an ineligible
rating.
AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Reda Owens
Phone: 202-401-0524
Fax: (xxx)xxx-xxxx
TDD: (800) 735-1966
Email: reda.owens@wdc.usda.gov
Agency Information:
Farm Service Agency
1400 Independence AVE S W stop 0596
Washington, DC,
20250
United States
Fax: (xxx)xxx-xxxx
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
Once your online Occupational Questionnaire and resume has been received, you
will receive an acknowledgment email that your submission was successful. After
a qualification review of your complete application package has been made, you
will be notified as to the status of your application. If further evaluation or
interviews are required, you will be contacted. We will notify you, via your
USAJOBS account of the outcome after each of these steps have been completed.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             272 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

Farm Service Agency: Supervisory Loan Specialist (Agricultural)
FSA-15-0020-DAFLP-RMO

LENGTH: 2459  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Supervisory Loan Specialist (Agricultural)

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Farm Service Agency

Job Announcement Number:FSA-15-0020-DAFLP-RMO
SALARY RANGE:
 $89,924.00 to $138,136.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Friday, October 17, 2014 to Thursday, October 30, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1165-13/14
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
14
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Washington DC, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Restricted to current permanent FSA Federal/County employees Nationwide and
USDA CTAP candidates.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 Yes
JOB SUMMARY:

The Farm Service Agency (FSA) is an exciting and rewarding place to start, build
and/or continue your career. Be part of our team and support the well-being of
American agriculture and the American public.

FSA's diverse culture and benefits allow for a healthy balance between your
career and home life. In addition to a generous salary, FSA offers a friendly
and professional working environment with a diverse workforce, flexible
hours/work schedules, and other family-friendly benefits such as: paid vacation
and sick leave, paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide
array of health, dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending
accounts, and long-term care insurance.

PLEASE READ ALL THE INSTRUCTIONS UNDER "HOW TO APPLY" BEFORE YOU BEGIN.
FARM SERVICE AGENCY (FSA) COUNTY EMPLOYEES:  Permanent County employees without
prior Federal tenure who are selected for a Civil Service position under Public
Law 105-277 will be given a career-conditional appointment and must serve a
1-year probationary period.

TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    10% Greater

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

You must be a U.S. Citizen or National to apply.
    Required to pass a background investigation and fingerprint check.
    Registered for Selective Service, if applicable.
    Successful completion of a one year probationary period.
    Meet experience requirements.
    Complete the Occupational Questionnaire/submit resume/supporting documents.
    Relocation Incentive may be authorized up to 25%.

DUTIES:
Back to top

This position is assigned to the Deputy Administrator Farm loan Programs, Loan
Making Division, located in Washington, DC.

Duties:

Develop and recommend nationwide procedures for making direct and guaranteed
loans, for debt settlement and for managing inventory property;
    Train field staff in all phases of direct and guaranteed loan making;
    Monitor, inspect and evaluate the administration of Agency direct and
guaranteed loan making programs at the State and county levels;
    Recommend administrative, legal and legislative actions to be taken as a
result of program reviews;
    Review and recommend action on direct and guaranteed loan making cases which
present complex problems or exceed the delegated authority of field offices;
    Formulate and administer loan allocations for direct and guaranteed farm
loan programs.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all qualification requirements by 11:59 p.m. EST on the
closing date including time-in-grade restrictions and experience as defined
below:

Time-in-grade:  Applicants who have held a General Schedule (GS) position within
the last 52 weeks must meet the time-in-grade restrictions.  Applicants must
meet one year at the next lower grade level to be considered for the next higher
grade (i.e., one year at the GS-12 grade level for consideration at the GS-13
grade level).

You may start at the GS-13 level if you have one of the following
qualifications:


At least one full-time year (12 months) of specialized work experience
equivalent in difficulty and responsibility to the GS-12 grade level in the
Federal service that demonstrates competence in guaranteed loan making programs.
Broad experience and seasoned judgment in providing financial management
guidance to borrowers and evaluating the general economic and financial
conditions that affect the Government's risk in granting, guaranteeing, or
insuring agricultural loans.


You may start at the GS-14 level if you have one of the following
qualifications:

At least one full-time year (12-months) of specialized work experience
equivalent in difficulty and responsibility to the GS-13 grade level in the
Federal service.  experience that demonstrates a comprehensive knowledge of
analytical and evaluative methods in addition to an understanding of farm loan
activities and how they are administered for assessment and improvement of
program effectiveness or the improvement of complex management process and
systems.

THE SUBSTITUTION OF EDUCATION IS NOT QUALIFYING
FOR THE GS-13-14  LEVEL

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done
through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other
organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual;
community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies,
knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that
translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all
qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

Supervisory Probationary Period: Section 303 of the Civil Service Reform Act
(Public Law 95-454) established a probationary period of one year for newly
appointed managers and supervisors.


BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in this
position is contingent upon a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.

CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected for this position you will
be required to submit an Annual Financial Disclosure Report within 30 days of
your initial appointment date, and annually thereafter.

HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

Applications and all required documentation (see below) will be reviewed to
determine if applicants meet eligibility and job requirements.  Qualified
applicants will be rated on the extent and quality of experience, education, and
training they possess relevant to the duties of the position and the extent
applicants possess the following knowledge, skills and abilities (or
competencies):

Technical Competence
        Organizational Awareness
        Writing
        Planning and Evaluating
        Customer Service

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your rating in this
occupational questionnaire is subject to evaluation and verification based on
the documents and references you submit.  Be sure your resume clearly supports
your responses to all the questions addressing experience and education relevant
to this position.  If a determination is made that you have rated yourself
higher than is supported by your description of experience and/or education OR
that your application is incomplete it may result in receipt of a lower or
ineligible rating.   Errors, omissions, or providing inaccurate information on
federal documents could also be grounds for dismissing you from the
position/agency.  Please follow all instructions carefully.

To view the application form, visit:
https://fsa.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=e694a09e-7c79-
4dd7-8fba-a3c40084aed0

BENEFITS:
Back to top
The Federal service offers a comprehensive benefits package.  To explore the
benefits offered to most Federal employees click here .  Permanent employees are
eligible to elect life and health insurance coverage and will be covered by a
Retirement System.  Employees will earn annual and sick leave.

OTHER INFORMATION:

Reemployment Priority List (RPL), Career Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP) or
Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming
RPL/CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide a copy of your most recent annual
performance appraisal (at least "fully successful" or equivalent), and proof of
eligibility, i.e., a RIF separation notice or Certification of Expected
Separation, and SF-50 noting current position, grade level, and duty location.
RPL/CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a rating
of 85 or above excluding veterans points.

Selective Service:  If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959,
you must certify that you have registered with the Selective Service, or are
exempt from having to do so under Selective Service law.  See www.sss.gov.

Direct Deposit:   Per Public Law 104-134 all federal employees are required to
have federal payments made by direct deposit to a financial institution of their
choosing.

E-Verify:  Federal law requires agencies to use E-Verify system to confirm the
employment eligibility of all new hires.  If you are selected as a newly hired
employee, the documentation you present for purposes of completing the
Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty date will
be verified through the DHS "E-Verify" system.  Under the system, the new hire
is required to resolve any identified discrepancies as a condition of continued
employment.

Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact:
USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).

If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will be
placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted if
you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management.
However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.

This announcement may be used to fill multiple vacancies.

This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.

HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Standard Time (EST) on the closing date of
this announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.

Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.

NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded resumes must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

In addition to your Occupational Questionnaire and Online Resume, other
documents may be required.

1) If you are a current or former Federal employee, you must provide the most
current Notification of Personnel Action (Form SF-50) that verifies
career-conditional/career status, position title, series and grade (do not
submit an Award SF-50). FSA County employees must provide the most recent
Notification of Personnel Action (Form SF-50-B or FSA-50) that verifies
permanent status. Also provide the SF-50 that reflects the highest grade level
held on a permanent basis or the full performance level of your current
position, whichever is higher. Failure to do so will result in an ineligible
rating.

2) If you are a current or former Federal employee, you must submit your most
recently completed annual performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) which
identifies the employee's official rating of record, signed by the supervisor,
or a statement advising why the performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not
submit a performance plan.  Please select document type "Other" to upload your
performance appraisal/rating.  Failure to do so will result in an ineligible
rating.
AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Reda Owens
Phone: 202-401-0524
Fax: (xxx)xxx-xxxx
TDD: (800) 735-1966
Email: reda.owens@wdc.usda.gov
Agency Information:
Farm Service Agency
1400 Independence AVE S W stop 0596
Washington, DC,
20250
United States
Fax: (xxx)xxx-xxxx
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
Once your online Occupational Questionnaire and resume has been received, you
will receive an acknowledgment email that your submission was successful. After
a qualification review of your complete application package has been made, you
will be notified as to the status of your application. If further evaluation or
interviews are required, you will be contacted. We will notify you, via your
USAJOBS account of the outcome after each of these steps have been completed.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             273 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             June 6, 2002 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Official Criticizes Marketing Of Government Agencies' Debt

BYLINE:  By ALISON LEIGH COWAN

SECTION: Section C; Column 3; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 523 words


A Treasury official waded into the debate over government-sponsored enterprises
yesterday by releasing a letter she had sent to the Securities and Exchange
Commission voicing concern about the way some of the enterprises' debt
securities are marketed to small investors.

Government-sponsored enterprises are privately owned companies that get benefits
from Congress in exchange for furthering a public mission. Fannie Mae and
Freddie Mac, the two best known, support the secondary market for home
mortgages, while the much smaller Farmer Mac does the same thing for farm loans.

Provisions in their charters typically allow the Treasury to lend them money in
certain circumstances to shore up the guarantees they issue on loans. But their
own obligations are in no way guaranteed by the government and are supposed to
carry a disclaimer making that clear.

In a letter dated Tuesday, Sheila C. Bair, assistant secretary of the Treasury
for financial institutions, complained to S.E.C. officials that sales literature
circulated by some brokerage firms seems to skimp on the warning label.

In one example cited by Ms. Bair, Edward D. Jones, a regional brokerage firm,
was offering Freddie Mac bonds in denominations sized for retail investors. The
brochure notes that the issuer was "created by Congress" but never states that
its debts are not guaranteed by the government. Sharon McHale, a spokeswoman for
Freddie Mac, said the company had already asked the brokerage firm to
discontinue the brochure.

Ms. Bair's letter also urged the S.E.C. to crack down on mutual funds whose
names conjure up images of securities backed by the full faith of the government
but actually hold securities issued by government-sponsored enterprises, a
lesser credit.

The example she cited in her letter was TD Waterhouse's U.S. Government Money
Market Portfolio. Of the fund's $1.18 billion in assets on Oct. 31, 2001, at
least 93 percent came from government-sponsored enterprises including the Farm
Credit System, the Federal Home Loan Bank System and Fannie Mae.

A spokeswoman for TD Waterhouse, a unit of the TD Bank Financial Group of
Toronto, did not return a phone call seeking comment yesterday, and an S.E.C.
spokesman said the agency would have no comment.

The letter was not the first instance of Treasury officials' going on record
about the enterprises, although its tone and content was milder than previous
skirmishes.

Two years ago, Gary Gensler, then under secretary of the Treasury for domestic
finance, startled the bond markets when he testified in Congress about the
potential systemic risk these entities posed to taxpayers. In particular, he was
concerned that the perception of government support could force the government
to do even more than what is envisioned in the charters.

In going after intermediaries on issues of disclosure and investor protection
rather than striking directly at the enterprises' benefits or franchise, the
letter was perceived by some as an effort to coax the private sector into doing
more to educate investors about the risks without picking a fight with some
powerful entities in an election year.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                             274 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 6, 1985, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

FARM CREDIT BILL IS PASSED BY HOUSE

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 772 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 5


Ignoring threats of a Presidential veto, the House of Representatives today
passed an emergency measure on farm credit that could provide some immediate
cash to financially distressed farmers preparing to plant their spring crops.

By a 255-to-168 vote, the House accepted a bill passed last week by the Senate
that provides advances on loans to grain and cotton farmers who would normally
not receive the money until harvest time, as well as $100 million to help rural
banks lower interest rates on troubled farm loans.

In the voting, 225 Democrats and 30 Republicans supported the measure and 150
Republicans and 18 Democrats opposed it. About half the Republicans in favor
were from Farm Belt states. Most of the Democrats voting no were from urban
districts.

The measure also makes it easier for bankers to get Government guarantees on
commercial farm loans in danger of default if the banks agree to reduce the
monthly charges on the loans by at least 10 percent.

Agriculture Secretary John R. Block, the Republican leaders of the House and
Senate and the press spokesman for the White House all have said that President
Reagan would veto the measure soon after it reaches the White House Wednesday.
They argued that the bill was too costly and was not needed to save farmers in
the worst financial condition.  The Senate majority leader, Bob Dole of Kansas,
today told a group of Missouri farmers lobbying for the emergency credit bill
that he was sure a veto could be sustained in the Republican-controlled Senate.
That would kill the sections aiding farmers as well as a measure to provide $175
million for famine relief in Africa. The farm amendments were attached to the
famine bill.

House Republican leaders, arguing against accepting the Senate's emergency
credit bill, accused the Democrats of taking advantage of Farm Belt difficulties
to embarrass Mr. Reagan by forcing him to veto a ''budget-busting'' measure.

The House minority leader, Robert H. Michel of Illinois, said the ''need and
urgency'' of many farmers was evident.

''But it seems the Democrats are more interested in harvesting votes than in
harvesting crops,'' he said. ''The Senate bill the Democrats are pushing will
cost billions more than the emergency credit bill this House passed last week.
If we could have gone to conference, we would have modified these proposals
enough to persuade the Presdent to accept them.''

Earlier, the Speaker of the House, Thomas P. O'Neill Jr. of Massachusetts, told
the House: ''The President can veto the farm bill before you, but he can't veto
the problem. If we can spend hundreds of billions putting missiles in the
ground, we can spend half a billion to put seed in the ground.''

Estimates of the cost of the emergency credit provisions have ranged from a
House Democratic figure of $279 million over the next five years, to Secretary
Block's figure of at least $8.7 million in this year alone. The Congressional
Budget Office estimated that the advance payments on crop loans alone could
reach $7.26 billion this year, but they would not be repeated next year unless
Congress approved them again next spring.

Factors Determining Cost

In the end, the total cost of the measure passed today will depend on how many
of guaranteed loans and interest reductions the banks agree to and how many of
the guaranteed loans fail. The cost of the advance loan payments will depend on
how many farmers take the loans and how many are not paid back in cash when they
are due.

Under the interest-reduction section of the bill, if a commercial bank agreed to
reduce the interest rate on a threatened farm loan by two percentage points, the
Government would pay the bank the equivalent of an additional two percentage
points. This, in effect, would lower the farmer's interest rate by four
percentage points. The bill provides $100 million for this program.

The bill adopted today also adds $1.85 billion to the $650 million the Reagan
Administration has already allocated for interest guarantees on commercial farm
loans in danger of default.

If Mr. Reagan vetoes the measure and that veto is sustained, the advance
payments on the crop loans would be the only thing the farmers would lose.

The loan guarantees have been available since last October, though the
regulations for granting them are more restrictive than those provided today.

The Administration has already promised to increase the original $650 million
allocation by any amount needed for additional loan guarantees. So far, only
about $67 million in guarantees has been committed, Representative Michel said
today.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: graph of farm banks in trouble (page B11)

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             275 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                    June 15, 2002 Saturday Michigan Edition

Expert: Farm bill no windfall;
Agriculture economist says 2002 legislation not farmer's safety net

BYLINE: By WAYNE FALDA; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B10; FOCUS ON FARMING

LENGTH: 749 words


INDIANAPOLIS -- The new farm bill will rescue the American farmer in times of
economic distress, but it is not the windfall that has been portrayed in some
sectors of the media, argues Purdue University agricultural economist Allan
Gray.

"I've seen lots of press that says there is a 80 percent increase in spending
for agriculture (in the new farm bill)," he said. "If you compare it to the 1996
farm bill and you don't include the emergency payments that have been received
in '97,'98, ' 99 and 2000 and 2001, then it's about an 80 percent increase in
spending."

But when the total outflow from the U.S. Treasury in recent years is taken into
account since 1996, "then it's almost no increase at all."

"We don't want farmers to start thinking they have this windfall of cash coming
to them. It's not true," he said.

Nor should the 2002 farm bill be considered the ultimate safety net, he said.

It is true that an average Hoosier farmer is guaranteed an effective price of
$2.49 for a bushel of corn, even if the market price for that bushel drops to
zero, he said.

Through the use of loan deficiency payments (LDPs), fixed payments and
counter-cyclical payments patterned after the old target price system, farmers
are guaranteed a price of $2.49 a bushel for corn and $5.36 a bushel for
soybeans. Loan deficiency payments are payments made to farmers whenever the
price of a commodity like corn drops below a certain point. Fixed payments are
direct transfers of money. Counter-cyclical payments are awarded when market
prices are low as a means to stabilize farm income. When market prices move
higher, counter-cyclical payments and LDPs are reduced or even eliminated.

"That is the safety net," Gray said.

But that safety net goes lower when yields go lower, as during a drought, flood
or other crop catastrophe.

Since the farm bill continues the loan deficiency payment program, a farmer must
have a crop to get a payment.

"If you don't have a crop, you don't get the money," Gray said.

Otherwise the new farm bill does a good job of protecting cash flow risk, he
said.

Agricultural lender Connie Lemler believes this new farm bill represents an
improvement over the 1996 farm bill.

"I wasn't fond of Freedom to Farm the first time around," said Lemler, a vice
president of the 1st Source Bank office in Plymouth.

"But thankfully it gave loan deficiency payments (LDPs) that farmers could
receive -- I don't want to say was decent -- but a better price for their
commodities than what the market would allow," she said.

Her clients learned to work within the rules of the 1996 farm bill and will do
so again with the 2002 version.

"You still need bushels to make the LDP work," she said.

It worked last year when Indiana farmers produced a whopping 884.5 million
bushels of corn and lead the Corn Belt with a 156-bushel-an-acre average.

This year after a cold and rainy May, the crops were planted late and now look
ragged.

"It doesn't not look like we will have records crops this year," she said. "It
will be a sobering year."

Both Lemler and Gray are concerned that the new farm bill and subsidies will be
viewed as trade-distorting by U.S. trading partners who are part of the World
Trade Organization.

"The estimate right now is that there is a 20 percent chance we will exceed our
$19.1 billion spending limit in 2002," Gray said. That cap is the total amount
of money the United States is allowed to spend to subsidize its agricultural
sector.

The Bush administration is arguing that the counter-cyclical payments do not
count against that $19.1 billion cap unless the U.S. spends more than $9 billion
in subsidy payments.

"We are playing little games with the WTO rules by hiding (counter-cyclical
payments)," Gray.

But if the counter-cyclical payments exceed $9 billion, then the U.S. will
greatly exceed its cap limitations.

"Then you can guarantee that our trading partners will start screaming about
it," he said.

"The problem is that we are trying to negotiate a new trade agreement with our
partners in WTO and negotiators. They have been arguing all along that we've got
to reduce subsidies for agriculture around the world," he said.

"We are being laughed at by our partners like Australia, Canada, Japan, Brazil
and all the South American countries. We have no credibility left with respect
to negotiating a trade agreement," Gray said.

Staff writer Wayne Falda:

wfalda@sbtinfo.com

(574) 235-6326


LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2002 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             276 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Nation (Kenya)

                           November 14, 2015 Saturday

Greedy officials turned our farms into bushes of sorrow

BYLINE: PATRICK NZIOKA

LENGTH: 1035  words


This is one example of how mismanagement of cooperatives has led to the collapse
of the coffee sector.


Muka Mukuu Farmers Cooperative Society, a prominent grouping of coffee farmers,
will go down in history as the best example of how massive plunder can bring a
thriving organisation to its deathbed.
The company, which produced one per cent of the total coffee in Kenya in 1989,
and reputed to have had the best irrigation and coffee processing system in
Kenya developed by the German organisation GTZ, is now a pale shadow of itself.


This is after the company's machinery was looted and its land sold illegally,
and general theft of other company's assets by the management cheered on by a
compromised regulator.
This is one example of how mismanagement of cooperatives has led to the collapse
of the coffee sector.
A visit to the company's premises at Donyo Sabuk on the edges of Machakos County
revealed a firm whose potential is evident but which is now on the throes of
death.
The sorry state of affairs would certainly make settler farmer, Sir William
Northrup McMillan, who sold the 28,000-acre farm to the locals turn in his
grave.
There is not a single coffee tree in the whole farm.
Only the office building that was declared a national monument by the National
Museums of Kenya remains intact.
The building has underground tunnels constructed by Mr McMillan as escape
routes.
The irrigation system and the coffee processing plant was stripped of its
machinery and later sold out without the consent of the farmers.
Part of its land was also sold by subsequent management committees.
EXPIRY OF AGREEMENT
As they plundered the company, they kept the farmers busy with a myriad of
litigations arising from agreements signed without due care.
A citrus fruit section, a nursery site and a sisal processing plant have all
collapsed, with the more than 800 acres covered by the three activities being
the subject of a land case between the farmers' company and investors, who
leased the land for a song and who do not undertake any activities leaving it
idle.
And as espoused in the Cobweb theorem, which argues that farmers do not learn
from previous events and therefore continue to make the same mistakes, the
previous management of Muka Mukuu leased out the land previously under coffee to
a fruit processing plant for period of 21 years for a pittance.
The company pays Sh800 per acre per month for the more than 1,200 acres, with
Muka Mukuu earning about Sh9.8 million per year.
Besides the machinery and land, the management further descended on the
indigenous trees, selling more than 10,000 that regulated the climate in the
area.

This left the land bare and exposed to vagaries of climate change.
Current Chairman George Mutiso says while members would wish to restore the farm
to former glory, he is categorical it would take a miracle to take it back it to
the nostalgic GTZ era.
"We would want to restore the farm to its former glory but that would be a tall
order following the massive looting and theft of the company assets. The land
that would have been available for farming is now leased out for 21 years, which
means it may only be available for generations to come. If some of us will be
still alive then, we can see whether we can bring in a strategic partner."
Mr Mutiso says the rain started beating Muka Mukuu after GTZ left following the
expiry of the agreement between them and the Kenyan government.
GTZ had come in as a management agency following a loan agreement advanced to
the farm by German Bank KfW and guaranteed by the government.
The money would be passed through the Co-operative Bank for onward transmission
to the farm.
GTZ developed the irrigation system as well as setting up of the modern coffee
processing plant at the time.
It invested in machinery, including tractors, and the infrastructure.
MISMANAGEMENT
As a result, the farm became the biggest employer in the area since the
irrigated coffee was being harvested and processed throughout the year.
Water was available from the River Athi that crosses the farm.
It is due to this investment that it produced one per cent of the total coffee
yield released in the country in 1989.
In addition, it guided the settlement of members of the society who were
initially squatters and workers in the colonial farm. They were allocated land
after paying Sh1,050.
By the time GTZ handed over the management of the farm to locals in the early
1990s, Muka Mukuu was a thriving business capable of sustaining itself.
The organisation handed over the management of the company to the elected
members of the board while a local management agency, East Africa Agencies, was
appointed to offer technical advice.
By 1992, the local management agency appointed to manage the loan was kicked out
by the members, with the leaders who had no expertise in managing the outfit
taking charge.
Wrangles and mismanagement set in as the fees charged by the bank for managing
the loan piled up.
THREATENING TO AUCTION
According to Mr Stephen Kiania, a committee member, the wrangles opened an
opportunity for the officials to plunder the company.
The fees charged by the Co-operative Bank for managing the loan began to pile up
as the company could not service its obligations.
Following bilateral talks between the Kenyan and German governments which
resulted in debt write-off, the company benefitted after KfW also demanded the
government writes off the loan it guaranteed the company.
This did not, however, pull the company out of its debt because the fees charged
by the bank continued to attract interest.
By 2008, the interest had piled to a whooping Sh200 million, with the bank
threatening to auction the farm to recover its money.
It took the intervention of President Kibaki's administration to write off  all
the debts for coffee farmers to save the company's land from the auctioneer's
hammer and free its title deed.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/338/1144/90/144762029395.jpg

Muka Mukuu Farmers Cooperative Society Chairman George Mutiso. The Society will
go down in history as the best example of how massive plunder can bring a
thriving organisation to its deathbed. PHOTO | ROBERT NGUGI | NATION MEDIA GROUP


LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1144


                       Copyright 2015 Nation Media Group
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             277 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                  May 21, 1989, Sunday, SUNDAY SECOND EDITION

What cabinet members own, owe

SECTION: INSIGHT; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 7456 words


   A search by The Star of MPPs' statements of private holdings, reveals that
some Ontario politicians, including key cabinet members and their spouses,
appear to hold huge stock portfolios. Under a new conflict of interest law the
130 members of the legislature every year muat declare their private holdings -
including those of spouses and childern under 18 - to a commission.

Elizabeth Joan Smith

London South

Income:Salary from the Province; Dividends - Mutual Funds; Interest - Mutual
Funds, Government Bonds and Bank Deposits

Assets:Recreational Property, Grand Bend; Recreational Property, Collinwood;
Canada Savings Bonds and Investments Guaranteed by Government: -CSBs; Government
of Canada; RRSP not Self-Administered: -Bank of Montreal, London; Ontario
Municipal Employees Retirement Plan; Ontario Government Members Plan; Open-Ended
Mutual Funds: AGF Preferred Income Fund; AGF American Growth Fund; AGF Hitch
Fund Ltd.; AGF Canadian Security Growth Fund; AGF Canadian Trusteed Income Fund;
AGF Convertible Income Fund; Templeton Growth Fund; AGF Excell Canadian Bond
Fund; Annuities and Life Insurance Policies: Sovereign Life Insurance Co.;
Transamerican Life Co.; Pension: L.A.R.A.A.; Mortgage - Grand Bend-Oakwood Inn -
Part Lot 4, LRW Concession, Township of Stephen

Liabilities:Loan - Sovereign Insurance Co., Alberta

SPOUSE Donald J. Smith

Income:Dividends, Interest, Capital Gains; Pension; Ellis-Don Ltd. - wages

Assets:Principal Residence, London; Recreational Property, London; Principal
Residence, Toronto; Banks, Trust Companies, and Other Financial Institutions:
Bank of Nova Scotia, London - Joint Chequing/Savings; Wood Gundy Inc., London;
Richardson Greenshields, London; Nesbitt Thomson, London; Canada Savings Bonds
and Investments Guaranteed by Government: -CSB; Goverment of Canada; Open-Ended
Mutual Funds: Sentinel Canada Money Market Fund, Toronto

Pension: Ellis Don Inc.; L.A.R.A.A.; Mortgage - Grand Bend-Oakwood Inn - Par Lot
4, LRW Concession, Township of Stephen; Mutual Funds - First Australia Fund,
Australia; (See Schedule A, "Shares and Other Interests in Public Companies")

Financial interests: (See Appendix B, "Private Business Interests" -See Appendix
C, "Direct Interests in Private Companies"); Private Companies - Ellis-Don Inc.:
Income: Ellis-Don Inc. and its subsidiary companies obtain contracts by tender
from the Province of Ontario; Ellis-Don Inc. and its subsidiary companies are
engaged in construction work throughout Canada and other countries

Assets:(See Appendix D, "Real Property Interest of Company and Subsidiaries");
Canada Savings Bonds and Investments Guaranteed by Government: -Ellis Don Inc. -
Government of Canada, Province of Alberta, Province of Saskatchewan, Federal
Business Development Bank, Ontario Hydro; Ellis Don Construction Ltd. -
Government of Canada, Province of Quebec; Elron Developments Ltd. - Ontario
Hydro; Aztec Contractors Inc. - Ontario Hydro; Ellis Don Ltd. - Government of
Canada; Ellis Don Ltd. Dome Division - Government of Canada

Open-Ended Mutual Funds: Not listed; Annuities and Life Insurance Policies:
Ellis Don Inc. - Financial Life; Ellis Don Ltd. - London Life; Ellis Don Ltd. -
Northern Life; Ellis Don Ltd. - Confederation Life; Pension: Not listed; Mutual
Funds - Canada Income Plus Fund 87; (See Appendix E, "Company and Subsidiaries'
Interest in Public Companies")

Gifts and Personal Benefits: Not listed; Financial interests: (See Appendix F,
"Financial Interests")

Appendic A - Smith - Spouse: Shares and other interests in public companies:
Denison Mines Inc. - Preferred shares; First Preferred Trust Units;
Manufacturers Life - Preferred Shares; Royal Bank - Preferred Shares; Trizec -
Preferred Shares; AGF Management - Preferred Shares; Bank of Nova Scotia -
Common Shares; Bell Canada - Common Shares; Campeau - Common Shares; Conwest -
Common Shares; R.L. Crain - Common Shares; Crownx - Warrants; Hee's
International - Warrants; Hope Brook Gold - Common Shares; Multibank - Preferred
Shares and Warrants; National Victoria & Grey Trustco. - Common shares; Nelson
Holdings - Common Shares; Pacific Western Airlines - Common Shares; Paguarien
Corp. - Common Shares; Plastic Engine Technology - common shares; Royal Trust
Co. - Common Shares; Tridel Corp. - Common Shares; Trilon Corp. - Warrants;
Wardair B - Common Shares; Paragon Oil & Gas - Common Shares; Campeau -
Debenture; APPENDIX B - Smith - Spouse: Private business interests: Smith Family
Trust; D.J. Smith; Geoff Smith; Michael Smith; Donald J. Smith; Donald J. Smith
Holdings Inc.; Ellis-Don Inc.; Sunderland Steel; Ellis-Don Forming Ltd.;
Ellis-Don Ltd.; Ellis-Don Construction Ltd.; Ellis-Don (Quebec) Ltee.; Ellis-Don
(U.K.) Ltd.; Ellis-Don Investments Ltd.; Ellis-Don Wallbridge Inc.; Ellis-Don
Management Services Ltd.; E-D Residential Inc.; 776575 Ontario Ltd.; Talon
Contracting Ltd.; Boyd & Garland Management Ltd.; Boyd & Garland Construction
Ltd.; Aztec Contractors Inc.; Kirk Contracting and Gravel Ltd.; Prefab Ltd.;
Tobac Construction Ltd.; Elron Developments Ltd.; Oxford Builders Supplies Ltd.;
McDonald Construction Company Ltd.; Stony Plain Electrical Contractors Ltd.

Appendix C - Smith - Spouse: Direct interests in private companies: Lakewood
Tennis Club; Smith Family Trust; Smith Windjammer Landing Company Ltd.;
Windjammer Landing Company (Nassau) Ltd.; Windjammer Landing Company (St. Lucia)
Ltd.; Ellis-Don Inc.; Donald J. Smith Holdings Inc.; Bodon Developments Inc.;
Suffolk Building Corporation; London Hunt and Country Club Ltd.; London Club
Ltd.; Sagemace Country Club Ltd.

Appendix D: Real property interests of company and subsidiaries: Ellis Don Ltd.;
The Marley Estate, London - 142 Lots; Ellis Don Land North - Richmond/Fanshawe
Roads, South of Masonville Mall, London; 23-43 Becher St., London; 2045 Oxford
St. East, London; Kirk Contracting and Gravel Ltd.; Gravel Pit, Sudbury;
Windjammer Landing Company (Nassau) Ltd.; Labrellotte Bay, St. Lucia - 41 Acres;
Bodon Developments Inc.; Adelaide Street N.E., London - 25 Acres; Elron
Developments; Stead Property, Lot 10, Concession 5, Township of London, 50
acres; 776575 Ontario Ltd.; 130-150 Oxford Street, London; Appendix E - Smith -
Spouse: Company and subsidiaries' interests in public companies: Ellis Don Inc.;
TransAlta Utilities; Nova Scotia Municipal Finance Corp.; Imasco; Chrysler
Credit Canada Ltd.; Bank of Nova Scotia; BCE Place - Preferred Shares; Campeau
Corp. - Preferred shares; Consolidated Bathurst - Preferred shares; Crownx -
Preferred Shares; Fletcher Challenge - Preferred Shares; Growth Investment Corp.
- Preferred Shares; Multibanc - Preferred Shares; Norcen - Preferred Shares;
Nova Corporation - Preferred Shares; Power Corporation - Preferred Shares;
Pacific Western Airlines - Preferred Shares; Royal Trust Co. - Preferred Shares;
TBM NT Corp. - Preferred Shares; Trilon - Preferred Shares; Trizec Corporation -
Preferred Shares; Elron Developments Ltd.; Loblaws - Debenture; Ellis Don
Limited:; Bank of Nova Scotia; Ellis Don Limited - Dome Division; Bank of Nova
Scotia Mortgage Corp.; General Motors Acceptance; Appendix F: Financial
interests: Sunderland Steel; Ellis-Don Forming Ltd.; Ellis-Don Ltd.; Ellis-Don
Construction Ltd.; Ellis-Don (Quebec) Ltee.; Ellis-Don (U.K.) Ltd.; Ellis-Don
Investments Ltd.; Ellis-Don Wallbridge Inc.; Ellis-Don Management Services Ltd.;
E-D Residential Inc.; 776575 Ontario Ltd.; Talon Contracting Ltd.; Boyd &
Garland Management Ltd., Boyd & Garland Construction Ltd.; Aztec Contractors
Inc.; Kirk Contracting and Gravel Ltd.; Prefab Ltd.; Tobac Construction Ltd.;
Elron Developments Ltd.; Oxford Builders Supplies Ltd.; McDonald Construction
Company Ltd.; Stony Plain Electrical Contractors Ltd.

Gerald L. Phillips

Scarborough-Agincourt

Income:Salary from the Province; rental income from property; interest on
investments.

Assets:Principal residence, Agincourt; condominium - 211 Queen's Quay West,
Toronto; Burns Fry - cash investment; RRSP - self-administered Moneymax fund;
C.S.B.s; Canada Bonds. (Trustee - Burns Fry); promissory note - T.A. Sweeney.

Liabilities:Mortgages - Bank of Montreal, Concord; Olympia & York, Toronto;
Financial Interests: BLS Retail Resources Ltd - Common and Preferred Shares
(held in Management Trust, Terrance Austin Sweeney)

SPOUSE Kathryn Phillips

Income:Management fee - property management; Interest on investments; quilting
class fees.

Assets:Canada Savings Bonds and Investments guaranteed by government; RRSPs;
Guaranteed Investment Certificates and similar instruments: GICs - Bank of
Montreal, Agincourt.; Pension: L.A.R.A.A.

Liabilities:Mortgages - Bank of Montreal, Concord.

Lyn (Marilyn) Jean McLeod

Fort William

Income:Salary from the Province

Assets:Recreational Property, Sabbandowan; RRSP not Self-Administered: -CMA
Retirement Savings Plan, Ottawa; Guaranty Trust, DIC Retirement Savings, Thunder
Bay; Annuities and Life Insurance Policies: O.M.A. Term Insurance, New York
Life, Toronto; Pension: L.A.R.A.A.; Mutual Funds-M.D. Growth Fund, Ottawa

SPOUSE Neil Stanley McLeod

Income:Fort William Medical Clinic-Fees; McKellar General Hospital, Thunder Bay
- Honorarium; Sale of MURBS, Scarborough

Assets:Principal Residence, Thunder Bay; Canada Savings Bonds and Investments
Guaranteed by Government: -CSBs; RRSP not Self-Administered: -CMA Retirement
Savings Plan-MD Management Ltd., Ottawa; GIC Retirement Savings Plan-Guaranty
Trust, Thunder Bay; Annuities and Life Insurance Policies: New York Life
Insurance, Toronto; The Citadel Assurance, Winnipeg; Pension: L.A.R.A.A.; Mutual
Funds-M.D. Realty Fund, Ottawa; Shares-Tudor Resources Ltd.; Scottish and York;
AMD US Money Account; Preferred Shares-Orbit Oil and Gas; Shares -Peregrine
Instr.; Units-Pan Pacific Development Corp.; MURB-The Summit Limited Partnership
Shelter Corp. of Canada-King St. Estates; MURB-The Summit Limited Partnership
Shelter Corp. of Canada-The Summit Ltd. Partnership; Gifts and Personal
Benefits: Not listed

Liabilities:Mortgages: Canada Trust, Ottawa; -Loan-Royal Bank of Canada, Thunder
Bay; Financial interests: Fort William Clinic Realty Co.; 287 Spanish River
Drive Ltd.

Ed Fulton

Scarborough East

Income:Salary from the Province; Rental - Condominium, Pickering

Assets:Condominium, Pickering; Banks, Trust Companies, and Other Financial
Institutions: General Trust, Scarborough - Savings; Canadian Imperial Bank of
Commerce - Combination; Canada Savings Bonds and Investments Guaranteed by
Government: CSBs; RRSP not self-administered: Royal Bank of Canada, Scarborough;
CIBC, Scarborough; Toronto Dominion Bank, Scarborough; Guaranteed Investment
Certificates and Similar Instruments: GICs - CIBC, Scarborough; Annuities and
Life Insurance Policies: Legislative Assembly Life Insurance; Pension:
L.A.R.A.A.; Canada Pension Plan; Ontario Municipal Employees Retirement System,
Toronto; Share - Frenchmen's Bay Yacht Club, Pickering

Liabilities:Mortgages: General Trust, Scarborough; Loan - General Trust,
Scarborough; 1987 Income Tax

Vincent G. Kerrio

Niagara Falls

Income:Salary from the Province

Assets:Principal Residence, Niagara Falls; Canada Savings Bonds and Investments
Guaranteed by Government: -CSBs; l RRSP not Self-Administered: -Royal Trust,
Niagara Falls; Annuities and Life Insurance Policies: London Life; Crown Life;
Metropolitan Life; Pension: L.A.R.A.A.; Notes Receivable - Kerrio Ltd.; Border
Marine Ltd.; CanMar Manufacturing; Loan Receivable - Club Italia, Niagara Falls

SPOUSE Rose M. Kerrio

Assets: RRSP not self-administered: Royal Trust, Niagara Falls; Bank of
Montreal, Niagara Falls; CIBC, Niagara Falls; Pension: L.A.R.A.A.

Ian G. Scott

St.George-St.David

Income:Salary from the Province; bank interest and Investment Income.

Assets:Principal residence, Toronto; recreational property, Erin Township; Units
53-64, Level 1, Plan No. 2, Peterborough (Administered by Trustees, Stephen Cole
and Andrew Freedman, Don Mills); Canada Savings Bonds and Investments Guaranteed
by Government - Treasury Bill - Walwyn, Stodgell, Chocran, Murray, Toronto;
Registered Retirement Savings Plans not self-administered - Sun Life Assurance
Company of Canada, Toronto; Guaranteed Investment Certificates and Similar
Instruments - Term Deposit, CIBC, Toronto.

Pension: L.A.R.A.A.

Liabilities:Mortgages - Standard Trust, Toronto; Royal Trust, Ottawa

John Eakins

Victoria-Haliburton

Income: Salary from the Province: Old Age Security - Government of Canada ;
Canada Pension Plan; GIC - Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce

Assets: Principal Residence, Coboconk Lot, Bahamas Recreational Residence,
Florida Canada Savings Bonds and Investments Guaranteed by Government -CSB
RRSPs: Investorsm Winnipeg, Manitoba Guaranteed Investment Certificates and
Similar Instruments: GIC - Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, Lindsay Annuities
and Life Insurance Policies: Confederation Life Insurance Co. Pension:
L.A.R.A.A.

Liabilities: Loan - Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, Lindsay

John Keith Riddell

Huron

Income:Salary from the Province; Farm Income

Assets:Principal Residence, Hay; Farm - Lot 14, Concession N.B., Stephen
Township, Huron County; Recreational Property - Lot 43, Conc. 5, Robinson
Township, Manitoulan Island; Annuities and Life Insurance Policies: Great-West
Life Assurance; Mutual Life Assurance Co. of Canada; London Life Insurance Co.;
Pension: L.A.R.A.A.; Mutual Funds - Mutual Equifund (Mutual Investco Inc.); Farm
Equipment

Liabilities:Mortgages: Jack Riddell, R.R..1, Hay; Loans - Mutual Life, Waterloo;
London Life, London; Tile & Drainage, Stephen & Hay Townships; Royal Bank,
Exeter

SPOUSE Anita Riddell

Income:Ministry of Consumer and Commercial Relations - Special Assistant to
Minister

Assets: Banks, Trust Companies, and Other Financial Institutions: CIBC, Toronto
- Chequing/Savings; CIBC, Toronto - Savings; Canada Savings Bonds and
Investments Guaranteed by Government: -CSBs; Guaranteed Investment Certificates
and Similar Instruments: -GICs - Mutual Life Assurance Co. of Canada; Annuities
and Life Insurance Policies: London Life Insurance Co.; -Great West Life
Assurance; Pension: L.A.R.A.A.; Public Service Superannuation Fund; RRSP -
Self-Administered - Anita Riddell, Toronto; Gifts and Personal Benefits: Not
listed

Remo Mancini

Essex-South

Income:Salary from the Province

Assets:Principal Residence, Amherstburg; Annuities and Life Insurance Policies:
Canadian General Life; Great West Life Assurance; Pension: L.A.R.A.A.

Liabilities:Mortgages: Les Hudson, Malden Township

SPOUSE:Jo-Anne M. Mancini

Assets:Annuities and Life Insurance Policies: North American Life Assurance;
Pension: L.A.R.A.A.; Shares - Anyox Metals Ltd.

Liabilities:Loans-Bank of Nova Scotia, Amherstburg; Guarantee-CIFUS Investments
Limited; Financial Interests: J.M.M. Business Consultants Incorporated,
Amberstburg; 692035 Ontario Limited, Amherstburg; Private Companies: J.M.M.
Business Consultants Inc.; 692035 Ontario Ltd.

Income:J.M.M. Business Consultants Inc. - Fees from private sector

Liabilities:Loan-Bank of Nova Scotia, Amherstburgh; Financial Interests: J.M.M.
Business Consultants Inc.-The Fairways at Pointe West, condominium development;
J.M.M. Business Consultants Inc.-The Crownridge Corp., housing and community
development.

Hugh P. O'Neil

Quinte

Income:Salary from the Province; 546372 Ontario Inc.-Dividends; Bank of
Montreal-Interest; Trenton Columbus Club-Interest; Fraser & O'Neil Ltd.-Benefit

Assets:Principal Residence, Trenton; RRSP not self-administered: Sun Life
Assurance Company, Toronto; Annuities and Life Insurance Policies: Sun Life;
North American Life; Great West Life Assurance; North American Life; Pension:
L.A.R.A.A.; Canada Pension Plan; Loan Receivable from 546372 Ontario Inc.; Loan
Receivable from Fraser & O'Neil Ltd.; Loan Receivable from Fraser & O'Neil
Developments Ltd.; Debenture Receivable from Knights of Columbus Trenton
Council; Gifts and Personal Benefits: String of pearls presented to the Member
for the Member's wife, during a Tourism Mission to Japan and an official visit
to the Japan Entrepreneurs and Presidents Association. The pearls were donated
to the Quinte Dane Centre in Belleville for fundraising purposes

Liabilities:Mortgages: Fraser & O'Neil Limited, Trenton; Financial interests:
546372 Ontario Inc., Trenton; Fraser & O'Neil Ltd., Trenton; Fraser & O'Neil
Developments Ltd., Trenton; C.F.O. Properties Ltd., Trenton; The Member's
interest in the above companies are held in a blind trust by Lyn Harrington,
Jerry Silverthorn and Harold Van Winssen of the County of Hastings

SPOUSE Donna Grace O'Neil

Income:Fraser & O'Neil Developments Limited - Salary; Sun Life Assurance Company
- Interest

Assets:Annuities and Life Insurance Policies: Sun Life; North American Life;
Pension: Canada Pension Plan; L.A.R.A.A.

Loan Receivable-Fraser & O'Neil Developments Ltd.; Financial interests: Fraser &
O'Neil Developments Ltd. Trenton; Private companies: 546372 Ontario Inc.; Fraser
& O'Neil Ltd.; Fraser & O'Neil Developments Ltd.; C.F.O. Properties Ltd.

Income:546372 Ontario Inc.-Capital dividend from Fraser & O'Neil Ltd. -546372
Ontario Inc.-Dividend from Fraser & O'Neil Ltd.; 546372 Ontario Inc.-Interest
from Treasury Bills from Gov't of Canada; Fraser & O'Neil Limited-Real Estate
Commissions/Appraisal; Fraser & O'Neil Ltd.-Income; Fraser & O'Neil
Ltd.-Interest from the Bank of Nova Scotia;-Fraser & O'Neil Ltd.-Capital Gain
from sale of investment; Fraser & O'Neil Developments Ltd. -Rentals; Fraser &
O'Neil Developments Ltd.-Interest from the Bank of Montreal; Property: Fraser &
O'Neil Developments Ltd.; 25/29 Quinte St., Trenton; 73 Dundas St. W., Trenton;
111/117 Dundas St. E., Trenton; 144 Dundas St. E., Trenton; 15 Byron St.,
Trenton; W Pt. Lot 83 south side of John St., Trenton; C.F.O. Properties Ltd.;
28 E. Moira St., Belleville; Banks, Trust Companies, and Other Financial
Institutions: 546372 Ontario Inc-Bank of Nova Scotia, Trenton-Current; Fraser &
O'Neil Ltd.-Bank of Nova Scotia, Trenton-Current; Fraser & O'Neil Ltd. Bank of
Nova Scotia, Trenton -Trust; Fraser & O'Neil Developments Ltd. Bank of Montreal,
Trenton-Current; Fraser & O'Neil Developments Ltd. Bank of Montreal,
Trenton-Savings; C.F.O. Properties Ltd. -Bank of Montreal, Trenton -Current;
RRSP not self-administered: Not listed; Open-Ended Mutual Funds: Not listed;
Guaranteed Investment Certificates and Similar Instruments: -Fraser & O'Neil
Ltd.-Term Deposit, Bank of Nova Scotia, Trenton; Fraser & O'Neil Developments
Ltd.-Term Deposit, Bank of Montreal,Trenton; 546732 Ontario Inc.-Treasury Bill,
Government of Canada, Ottawa; 546732 Ontario Inc.-Term Deposit, Bank of Nova
Scotia, Trenton; Annuities and Life Insurance Policies: Fraser & O'Neil Ltd. -
Citadel Insurance Co.; Fraser & O'Neil Ltd. - Northern Life; Pension: Not
listed; Other Assets: 546732 Ontario Inc.-Receivables, Prepaids, Equipment;
Fraser & O'Neil Ltd. Receivables, Prepaids, Equipment; Fraser & O'Neil
Developments Ltd.-Receivables, Prepaids, Equipment -C.F.O. Properties
Ltd.-Receivables, Prepaids, Equipment; Gifts and Personal Benefits: Not listed

Liabilities:Mortgages: Fraser & O'Neil Developments Ltd. - Sun Life Assurance
Co., Toronto; C.F.O. Properties Ltd. - Sun Life Assurance Co., Toronto; Other
Liabilities: Fraser & O'Neil Developments Ltd. - Loans: Shirley Fraser, Trenton;
Donna G. O'Neil, Trenton; Hugh P. O'Neill; C.F.O. Properties Ltd. - Loans: J.D.
Coad, Trenton; Fraser & O'Neil Developments Ltd., Trenton; Fraser & O'Neil Ltd.
- Loan; Hugh P. O'Neil, Trenton; 546372 Ontario Inc. - Loan; from Hugh P.
O'Neil, Trenton

Chaviva Hosek

Oakwood

Income:Salary from the Province

Assets:Principal Residence, Toronto; Banks, Trust Companies, and Other Financial
Institutions: CIBC, Toronto - Savings; CIBC, Toronto - Chequing; CIBC, Toronto -
U.S. Dollar; National Trust, Toronto; Canada Savings Bonds and Investments
Guaranteed by Government: CSBs; RRSP not self-administered: National Trust,
Toronto; Shares - New Brunswick Telephone; -Common Shares - CIBC; Common Shares
- Canadian Pacific; Common Shares - Enfield Corp. Ltd.; Shares - Transalta
Utilities; Government of Canada Bonds; Ontario Hydro; Open-Ended Mutual Funds:
National Trust Co., Toronto, Trustee; Global Strategy Fund, Toronto; Industrial
Equity Fund, Ltd.; Industrial Growth Fund; Mackenzie Equity Fund; Pension:
L.A.R.A.A.; National Trust Co., Toronto, Trustee; Preferred Shares - Laidlaw
Transportation; Common shares - Sato Stevia International Inc. Com.

SPOUSE Alan Thomas Pearson

Income:Dividends - Pan Canadian Pete Ltd.; Interest - Savings Accounts

Assets:Banks, Trust Companies, and Other Financial Institutions: Royal Bank of
Canada, Toronto - Savings; Toronto Dominion Bank, Toronto - Chequing; Pension:
L.A.R.A.A.; Mutual Funds - Global Strategy Fund; Shares - Pan Canadian Pete
Ltd.; RRSP - Self-administered - Guaranty Trust - Ontario Hydro Residue; Abitibi
Price; First Aust Inv. Wt.; Gandalt; AGF CDN Trusteed; Dynamic Fund of CDA;
First Aust Inv.; CDA T-Bill; RRSP - Self-administered - Montreal Trust CPN-CDN;
Growth Equity Fund; Trimark CDN Fund; Financial interests: Alan Pearson
Associates Inc., Toronto; Private companies: Alan Pearson Associates Inc.

Income:Ontario Place Corporation - Consulting Fees; Ontario Arts Council -
Consulting Fees; consulting fees; Dividends - CP Ltd.; Interest - National Trust
term deposit; Interest - Counsel Trust term deposits; Interest - Prudential
Bache; Interest - Royal Bank (U.S.); Assets: Banks, Trust Companies, and Other
Financial Institutions: Royal Bank of Canada, Toronto - Current; Royal Bank of
Canada, Toronto - U.S. dollar savings; Canada Savings Bonds and Investments
Guaranteed by Government: Canada Treasury Bill; Guaranteed Investment
Certificates and Similar Instruments: Counsel Trust - Short Term Deposits;
Annuities and Life Insurance Policies: Maritime Life; Mutual Funds - AGF Global
Government Bond Fund; Mutual Funds - Global Strategy Fund; Common Shares -
Canadian Pacific Ltd.; Automobile; Furniture and equipment

Lillie Oddie Munro

Hamilton Centre

Income:Salary from the Province; support payments for son

Assets:Principal Residence, Hamilton; Canada Savings Bonds and Investments
Guaranteed by Government: CSBs; RRSP not self-administered: CIBC; Bank of
Montreal; Guaranteed Investment Certificates and Similar Instruments: National
Trust; GIC-CIBC, Hamilton; Term Deposit-Bank of Montreal, Hamilton; Term
Deposit-Royal Bank of Canada, Hamilton; Annuities and Life Insurance Policies:
North American Life Insurance; State Farm Life Insurance; Great West Life
Assurance; Pension: McMaster University, Hamilton; Sun Life; Great West Life
Assurance

Minor children:John Oddie Munro

Income:Canada Savings Bonds and Investments Guaranteed by Government: CSBs

Gregory Sorbara

York Centre

Income: Salary fromt he Province: Management Trust - Distributions from Trust
(Richard Eldon Burgess, Toronto)

Assets: Recreational Property, Haliburton; TBL: 270 & 275 PL: 115 DL: 3462,
Kootenay Land District Residential 01:230 Belfield Rd., Etobicoke (Error
Investments Inc., Trustee as to interest for Richard E. Burgess in Trust for
Gregory Sorbara): Leasehold interest in family residence, Maple; Shares - HCI
Holdings Inc. (managed by Trustee): Interest in Director Industrial General
Partners Inc. (Elio Rosati in trust for Gregory Sorbara); The Following loans
receivable are held in the Management Trust: Sam-Sor Enterprises, Wedgewood
Columbus Ltd, Harpenden Holdings Ltd, Grace Sorbara, Sam Sorbara; Gifts and
Personal Benefits: Silver Ceremonial Sword was presented to the member on behalf
of the Omani Minister by Mrs. Sonya Lambert, Ontario International Corporation,
upon the Omani minister's arrival at Person Airport. Mr. Sorbara greeted the
Minister in his capacity as minister of labor, formerly minister of colleges and
universities on behalf of the present minister of colleges and universities.

Liabilities: Loan - Joseph D. Sorbara, Downsview; 1987 income tax; Financial
Interests: The following companies are held in trust by Richard E. Burgess:
Harpenden Holdings Ltd, Toronto; Sorcan Holdings Inc.; The member's interests in
the following companies are managed by the Trustee: Hada Partnership; Estate
Industrial Park; Drew Road Business Court Development Company.

Spouse Katherine Oda Sorbara

Income:From the Province: Ministry of community and social services - supplement
for foster daughter.

Assets:Recreational Property, Haliburton; Pension: L.A.R.A.A.

Minor children Carla, Ginger, Noelle, Martina and Nicholas.

Assets:The assets of The Gregory Sorbara Family Trust comproise of loans
receivable from Discount Plaza Ltd., Estate Industrial Park, NHD Developments
Ltd., Sam Sor Enterprises Inc., and Sam Sorbara Personal, and investments in
Descendants Holdings Ltd., and Lucknow; Financial interests: Carla, Ginger,
Noelle, Nicholas and Martina are beneficiaries under the Gregory Sorbara Family
Trust; Private companies: Harpenden Holdings Ltd.; Sorcan Holdings Inc.

Income:Harpenden Holdings Ltd. - Income from limited partnership interest in
Hady Construction Associates; Harpenden Holdings Ltd. - interest' Sorcan
Holdings Inc. - stock dividends and interest on term deposits.

Assets:Sorcan Holdings; Banco Commerciale Italiano of Canada.; GICs and similar
instruments: Harpenden Holdings Ltd. - term deposit, CIBC Toronto; Sorcan
Holdings - term deposit, Banco Commerciale Italiano of Canada; Open-ended Mutual
Funds - not listed; RRSPs not self-administered - not listed; pension rights -
not listed; Harpenden Holdings - 18 per cent interest in Hady Construction
Associates limited partnership; Harpenden Holdings - loans receivable; Sorcan
Holdings - loans receivable.

Liabilities:Harpenden Holdings - loans to Sorcan Holdings; Sam Sorbara and Sam
Sor Enterprises, all of Toronto; Sorcan Holdings - loan to Sam Sor Enterprises;
Harpenden Holdings - shareholder advance, Gregory Sorbara; Harpenden Holdings -
1987 income tax; Sorcan Holdings - 1987 income tax; Financial interests (Sorbara
private companies); Harpenden Holdings: Antica Investments Ltd - voting shares;
N.H.D. Developments Ltd - voting shares; Sam-Tax Holdings Inc. - voting shares;
Sorcan Holdings Inc. - Class A special shares; Multilingual Television (Toronto)
Ltd. - voting shares; Nu-Wall Contracting Ltd. - voting shares; Hady Financial
Corp. - voting shares; 531610 Ontario Ltd. - voting shares; Borcan Holdings,
Wedgewood Columbus Ltd. - voting shares; Alpine Investments Ltd. - voting
shares; N.H.D. Developments Ltd. - voting shares; Director Industrial General
Partner Inc. - voting shares.

Companies affiliated with private companies listed abote:Wedgewood Columbus
Ltd.; Columbus Investments Ltd.; Hady Construction (1971) Ltd.;Dew Investment
Company; Sam-Tax Holdings Inc.: Adriatic Insurance Brokers Ltd.; Sam-Sor
Enterprises; N.H.D. Developments Ltd.: Director East Industrial Park; Bergamot
J.V. (441601 Ontario Ltd.); The Dundas/Edward Centre Inc.; Sante-Steeles; Apex
Office Services Ltd.; Dominion Square

James Bradley

St. Catharines

Income:Salary from the Province

Assets:Annuities and Life Insurance Policies; Government of Ontario Life
Insurance

Pension:Teachers' Superannuation Fund, North York; L.A.R.A.A.

Mavis Wilson

Dufferin-Peel

Income:Salary from the Province; interest - Canada Savings Bonds; dividends -
industrial growth

Assets:Recreation Property - Parry Sound; Lot 1, Conc 9, Plan 27R438, Township
of Artemesia, County of Grey; -317 Owen Sound Street, Shelburne - Held in Trust
for parents; Canada Savings Bonds and Investments Guaranteed by Government:
Canada Savings Bonds; RRSP not self-administered: -Industrial Equity, Waterloo;
-Victoria & Grey Trust, Orangeville; -Royal Bank of Canada, Montreal; Annuities
and Life Insurance Policies: -Crown Life Insurance; -Great-West Life Asurance;
Pension: L.A.R.A.A.; Mutual Funds - Anne Welwood, Trustee - Industrial Global;
-Industrial American Common Share - 630288 Ontario Inc.; Financial interests:
630288 Ontario Inc., Shelburne, carrying on business as Wilson Forms (Trustee,
Anne Welwood)

SPOUSE Bruce Wilson

Income:Wilson Forms - Salary; -630288 Ontario Inc. - Salary; -Dividends -
Industrial Growth; -Interest - Canada Savings Bonds

Assets:Principal Residence, Shelburne; -Lot 27, Conc 205, Township of
Melancthon; -Lot 27, Conc 4W05, Township of Melancthon

Banks, Trust Companies, and Other Financial Institutions: -Royal Bank of Canada,
Shelburne - Joint; Canada Savings Bonds and Investments Guaranteed by
Government: -CSBs; RRSP: Investors Syndicate Kitchener; -T.D. Bank, Shelburne;
-Industrial Equity; -Victoria & Grey Trust, Orangeville; Annuities and Life
Insurance Policies: -Great-West Life; -Gerling Global Life; -Sovereign Life;
Pension: L.A.R.A.A.; Mutual Funds - Industrial American; -Note Receivable -
352965 Ontario Ltd.

Financial interests: -630288 Ontario Inc., Shelburne, carrying on business as
Wilson Farms; -H & B Wilson Farms, Shelburne; 352965 Ontario Ltd., Shelburne,
carrying on business as Wilson Farms Produce Distributors; -H & B Wilson Farms
(inactive)

Minor Children Vanessa Brooke Wilson; Taylor Dean Wilson; Hunter James Wilson

Income:Vanessa - Interest - CSBs; -Taylor - Interest - CSBs; -Hunter - Interest
- CSBs

Assets: Canada Savings Bonds and Investments Guaranteed by Government: -Vanessa
- CSBs; -Taylor - CSBs; -Hunter - CSBs; Private Companies: -630288 Ontario Inc.
cob Wilson Farms; -H & B Wilson Farms; -352965 Ontario Ltd. cob Wilson Farms;
-Produce Distributors

Income: 630288 Ontario Inc.: -Ministry of Skills & Development - Youth
Employment Grant; -Ministry of Agriculture & Food - Land Stewardship Program;
-Property Tax Rebate, Disaster Fund Interest, Form Safety & Repair, Subsidies on
Advance Payment Subsidies; -Potato Marketing Board - Advance Payment Plan;
-630288 Ontario Inc. - Farming; -H & B Wilson Farms; -352965 Ontario Ltd. -
Trucking; Assets: 630288 Ontario Inc - Lot 21 Conc. 3W05, Township of Melancthon

Assets: Banks, Trust Companies, and Other Financial Institutions: 630288 Ontario
Inc. - Royal Bank of Canada, Shelburne; 352965 Ontario Ltd. - Toronto Dominion,
Shelburne; 630288 Ontario Inc. - Lot 18, Con. 4ED5, Township of Melancthon

Liabilities:Mortgages: 630288 Ontario Inc. - Royfarm, Royal Bank of Canada,
Shelburne; 630288 Ontario Inc. - Loan - Ford Credit Corp., Winnipeg

Sean Conway

Renfrew-North

Income:Salary from the Province

Assets:Principal Residence, Pembroke; Recreational Property, Renfrew County

Pension:L.A.R.A.A.

Gifts and Personal Benefits: Gold Coin - American Barrick Resources. The coin
has been forwarded to the Province Archivist to be retained or disposed of by
him in his discretion for purposes related to the heritage of Ontario

John Sweeney

Kitchener-Wilmot

Income:Salary from the Province

Assets:Principal Residence, Kitchener; Annuities and Life Insurance Policies:
Great West Life; London Life; -Imperial Life; Pension: L.A.R.A.A.; Teacher's
Superannuation Fund

Liabilities:Guarantee - Toronto Dominion Bank, Kitchener for Stephen Sweeney,
Kitchener

SPOUSE Kathleen Sweeney

Assets:Banks, Trust Companies, and Other Financial Institutions: -Canada Trust,
Kitchener - Joint Chequing; -Canada Trust, Kitchener - Joint Savings; Pension:
L.A.R.A.A.

William Wrye

Windsor Sandwich

Income:Salary from the Province; Interest - GICs; Interest - CSBs; Interest -
Bank Accounts

Assets:Principal Residence, Windsor; Canada Savings Bonds and Investments
Guaranteed by Government: -CSBs; RRSP not self-administered: -Canada Trust,
Toronto; -Bank of Montreal, Windsor; -Royal Trust Company, Windsor; Guaranteed
Investment Certificates and Similar Instruments: GICs - Central Trust, Windsor;
Annuities and Life Insurance Policies: -London Life; -Great West Life Assurance;
Pension: L.A.R.A.A.

SPOUSE Gay Wrye

Income: -Interest - GICs; -Interest - CSBs; -Interest - Bank Accounts

Assets: Banks, Trust Companies, and Other Financial Institutions: -Bank of
Montreal, Windsor - Joint Investment Savings; -Bank of Montreal, Windsor - Joint
True Savings; -Bank of Montreal, Windsor - Joint Chequing; -Bank of Montreal,
Windsor - Savings; Canada Savings Bonds and Investments Guaranteed by
Government: -CSBs; RRSP not self-administered: -Royal Trust Company, Windsor;
-Central Trust, Windsor; Guaranteed Investment Certificates and Similar
Instruments: -GICs - Central Trust, Windsor; Annuities and Life Insurance
Policies: -Crown Life Insurance; Pension: L.A.R.A.A.

Richard Patten

Ottawa Centre

Income:Salary from the Province

Assets:Principal Residence, Ottawa; Annuities and Life Insurance Policies:
Mutual Life of Canada; Great West Life Assurance; Pension: L.A.R.A.A.; R.R.S.P.
Self-Administered-Acc'm Annuity

Liabilities:Mortgages: YM/YWCA, Ottawa; Loan-CIBC, Ottawa

Spouse:Penny Patten

Income:First Avenue Public School, Ottawa-Part-time teacher

Assets: Banks, Trust Companies, and Other Financial Institutions: Ottawa
Community Credit Union, Ottawa-Savings; Bank of Nova Scotia, Ottawa-Savings;
Canada Savings Bonds and Investments Guaranteed by Government: -C.S.B.;
Annuities and Life Insurance Policies: Eaton Bay Life Assurance; L.A.R.A.A.;
Pension: Not listed; Ottawa Community Credit Union-Shares; RRSP
Self-Administered-Ottawa Community Credit Union; RRSP Self-Administered-Acc'm
Annuity; Gifts and Personal Benefits: Not listed

David Ramsay

Timiskaming

Income:Salary from the Province; Tony Tobler, New Liskeard - Farm Income - land
rental; Ricky Jackson, New Liskeard - Farm Income - land rental

Assets:Principal residence - Timiskaming; Farmland - Lot 6, Concession 5, Parcel
7583 N.N.D., Timiskaming; Annuities and Life Insurance Policies: Mutual Life
Assurance Co.; Pension: L.A.R.A.A.; Shares - United Co-Op Ontario; Farm
machinery; Gifts and Personal Benefits: Gold coin presented by American Barrick
Resources Corp., Toronto on the occasion of the opening of the Holt McDermott
Mine, Kirkland Lake

Liabilities:Mortgages: Bank of Nova Scotia, New Liskeard; Federal Business
Development Bank, Timmins; Loan - Bank of Nova Scotia, New Liskeard; Loan -
Township of Casey Tile Drainage Loan - Belle Vallee; Loan - Canada Trust, New
Liskeard

SPOUSE Kathleen Ramsay

Income:Dr. Nolan, New Liskeard - Wages; Ramsay, Ramsay, Kemp, Andrew & Maille,
New Liskeard - Wages

Assets: Banks, Trust Companies, and Other Financial Institutions: Bank of Nova
Scotia, New Liskeard - Joint Chequing/savings; Pension: L.A.R.A.A.; Gifts and
Personal Benefits: Not listed

Rene Fontaine

Cochrane North

Income:Salary from the Province; Claybelt Lumber Limited - Dividends; Rene
Fontaine Holdings Limited - Dividends; Evolution Hearst Limited - Interest on
Loan

Assets:Recreational Property, Florida; Recreational Property, Casgrain; RRSP not
self-administered: Manulife; Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce Guaranteed
Investment Certificates and Similar Instruments: -GIC - Knights of Columbus;
Annuities and Life Insurance Policies: Sovereign Life; Toronto Mutual; Manulife;
Pension: L.A.R.A.A.; Canada Pension Plan; Mutual Funds - Trimark CDN; Investor's
Syndicate; Shares - Rene Fontaine Holdings Limited, Hearst; Share - United
Sawmill; Loan - Evolution Hearst Limited; Promissory Note - United Sawmill;
Promissory Note - Rene Fontaine Holdings Limited, Hearst

Liabilities:Mortgages: First Nationwide Bank, Sacramento, Calif.; Loans -
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, Hearst; Guarantee - Canadian Imperial Bank
of Commerce, Hearst; Guarantee - Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, Claybelt
Lumber, Hearst; Loan - Rene Fontaine Holdings Ltd.; Financial Interests: Rene
Fontaine Holdings Ltd. and Claybelt Lumber Ltd., Hearst, are controlled by the
Member, his spouse and family. Rene Fontaine Holdings Limited owns 63,293 shares
of United Sawmill Ltd. which owns 50% of Hearst Forest Management Inc., 5,250
shares of Chantier de Barker Ltd., and 1 share of Heast Farmers Co-op, and a
minor interest in Les Presses du Nord Est de l'Ontario Ltd. Claybelt owns 1
share in Co-op Mattice, Le Panache, Les Industries Nordex Inc., Evolution Hearst
Limited, Co-Operative Agricole d'Hearst and United Sawmill, all of Hearst. All
of the above interests are held in a Management Trust of which Roger Paquin and
Guy Pratte are co-trustees.

SPOUSE

Yolande Fontaine

Income:Rene Fontaine Holdings Ltd. - Dividends; College Universitaire de Hearst
- Salary; Government of Canada - UIC

Assets:Principal Residence, Hearst; Recreational Property, Hearst Banks, Trust
Companies, and Other Financial Institutions: CIBC, Hearst - savings; Bank of
Nova Scotia, Hearst; CIBC, Hearst - chequing; CIBC, Hearst - savings, in trust
for Sylvie -Fontaine; CIBC, Hearst - Joint Key; CIBC, Hearst - Joint Chequing;
CIBC, Hearst - Joint Savings; Canada Savings Bonds and Investments Guaranteed by
Government: -CSBs; RRSP not self-administered: CIBC; Manulife; Bank of Nova
Scotia; La Sauvegarde; Guaranteed Investment Certificates and Similar
Instruments: -GICs - CIBC Mortgage Corporation; Annuities and Life Insurance
Policies: Manulife; La Sauvegarde; Annuity - Maritime Life Annuity; Pension:
Canada Pension Plan; L.A.R.A.A.; Mutual Funds - Trimark CDN; Share - Hearst
Farmer's Co-op; Shares - Rene Fontaine Holdings Limited

Liabilities:Loan - Rene Fontaine Holdings Limited; Financial interests: Rene
Fontaine Holdings Limited, Hearst; Evolution Hearst Limited, Hearst;
Co-operative Agricole d'Hearst; (See "Financial Interests" in Member's
Disclosure Statement); Private companies: Rene Fontaine Holdings Ltd.; Claybelt
Lumber Ltd.

Income:Rene Fontaine Holdings Ltd. - United Sawmill Limited - Dividends -Rene
Fontaine Holdings Ltd. - United Sawmill Limited - Principal and Interest

Assets:Rene Fontaine Holdings Limited - Parcel 1962, Centre Cochran, E 1/2 Lot
13, Concession 4, Township of Hanland, District of Cochrane Banks, Trust
Companies, and Other Financial Institutions:

Rene F. Holdings Ltd. - CIBC, Hearst; Rene Fontaine Holdings Ltd. - Shares -
United Sawmill Ltd., Hearst -Claybelt Lumber Limited - Share - Co-op Mattice

Liabilities:Rene Fontaine Holding Ltd. - Promissory Note to Rene Fontaine -Rene
Fontaine Holding Ltd. - Promissory Note to Yolande Fontaine; United Sawmill
Limited - Promissory Note to Rene Fontaine; Evolution Hearst Limited -
Promissory Note to Rene Fontaine; (See "Financial Interests" in Member's
Disclosure Statement.)

Monte Kwinter

Wilson Heights

Income:Salary from the Province

Assets:Principal Residence, Toronto; Recreational Property, Florida; Banks,
Trust Companies, and Other Financial Institutions: AMCU Credit Union,
Scarborough - Share savings; Annuities and Life Insurance Policies: EPIC Life
Insurance; Pension L.A.R.A.A.

Liabilities:Mortgages: AMCU Credit Union, Scarborough; -Mrs. Gleurange Beatty,
Florida

Spouse:Wilma Kwinter

Income:Scarborough Board of Education - Salary; Ministry of Education - Salary -
Teacher - Correspondence courses; Annuities and Life Insurance Policies: Canada
Life; Pension: L.A.R.A.A.; Scarborough Board of Education, Scarborough

Chris Ward

Wentworth North

Income:Salary from the Province

Assets:Principal Residence, Troy; Annuities and Life Insurance Policies:
Manulife; Pension: L.A.R.A.A.

Liabilities:Mortgages: Bank of Montreal; Loan - CIBC

SPOUSE

Carol Hunter-Ward

Income:John Robson Consultants - Salary

Assets:Banks, Trust Companies, and Other Financial Institutions: CIBC, Dundas -
Chequing; RRSP not self-administered: Commercial Union Life; Pension: L.A.R.A.A.

Alvin Curling

Scarborough North

Income:Salary from the Province

Assets:Principal Residence, Agincourt; vacant property, Huntsville

Liabilities:Mortgages: Royal Bank of Canada, Scarborough

Elinor Caplan

Oriole

Income:Salary from the Province. Interest: Canada Savings Bonds, State of Israel
Bonds

Assets:Principal Residence; North York; Recreational Property, Huntsville; RRSP,
self-administered; Ontario Hydro; Sent-CDA; CPN-CDA; B.C. Tel; Domtar Ltd.;
Transalta Util.; Tridel Ent. Inc.; WTS-CROWNX Inc.

Liabilites:Loan. Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, Willowdale; Salary to
housekeeper, Eulalia Narval, Willowdale

SPOUSE

Mayer Wilfred Caplan

Income:Salary from Taurus Metal Trading Corp. Interest: State of Israel Bonds,
Taurus Metal Trading Corp., H.F. Pollock International Ltd.

Assets:Annuities and Life Insurance Policies: Acadian Life Insurance Co.,
National Life. Common Shares: Century Ballast Inc. RRSP, self-ddministered.
CSBs, Ontario Hydro, Sent-CDA, CPN-CDA, CPN-CDA, Prov Que CPN, Canada CPN, Bell
Canada, B.C. Tel, Scott Paper, TD Centre, Transalta Util., Tridel Ent Inc.,
WTS-Crownx Inc.

Liabilities:Loans: Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, Toronto; Bank of Nova
Scotia, Markham. Guarantees: Bank of Nova Scotia, North York; Taurus Metal
Trading Corp.; Universities and Colleges Credit Union, Toronto; Paul Arato,
North York; Financial interests: H.F. Pollock International Ltd., shares & debt;
Taurus Metal Trading Corp, shares & debt; Damaza Consultants Ltd., shares &
debt; Xenium Vending Ltd. (inactive), shares; Toronto Airport Hotel Development
Partnership, voting units; The Polar Freeze Limited Partnership, voting units;
Century International Inc., shares; Wonderlites Inc., shares.

Murray J. Elston

BRUCE

Income:Salary from the Province

Assets:Principal Residence, Walkerton

RRSP not Self-Administered: Standard Trust, Wingham; Annuities and Life
Insurance Policies: Citadel Insurance; Great West Life Group Insurance; Canada
Life; Canadian Bar Association Group Insurance; Pension: L.A.R.A.A.; Canada
Pension Plan

Liabilities:Mortgages: Bank of Montreal, Walkerton; Ed and Laura McLeish,
London; Loan - Mutual Life Insurance Policy

Spouse:Trudy Elston

Income:Family Allowance

Assets:Guaranteed Investment Certificates and Similar Instruments: -GICs -
Standard Trust, Wingham; Annuities and Life Insurance Policies: Mutual Life
Assurance Policy; Legislative Assembly Life Insurance; Pension: Canada Pension
Plan; L.A.R.A.A.

Bernard Grandmaitre

Ottawa East

Income:Salary from the Province; Rental of apartment, Vanier

Assets:Principal Residence, Vanier; Toronto Residence - Condominium; Guaranteed
Investment Certificates and Similar Instruments: GICs - Toronto Dominion Bank,
Ottawa; Annuities and Life Insurance Policies: Amex Life Assurance Company;
Societe Co-Operants; Pension: L.A.R.A.A.; Municipal Pension, Vanier

Liabilities:Mortgages: Canada Trust, Ottawa

SPOUSE Mariette Grandmaitre

Assets:Pension: Municipal Pension, Vanier

Robert Wong

Fort York

Income:Salary from the Province. Investment income

Assets:Principal residence, Toronto. RRSPs not self-administered: National
Trust, Toronto; Montreal Trust, Toronto. Open-ended mutual funds: Renaissance
Canada Bond & Bullion Growth, Toronto; Eaton International, Toronto. GICs:
Montreal Trust; National Trust. Mortgage Investment Certificate: Royal Bank of
Canada, Toronto. Mutual Funds: Industrial Horizon Partnership 1987; Common
Shares, Samoth; Common Shares, Walwyn. Units: Mithras 9, Mithras 15 and Mithras
47 Limited Partnership -RRSP - Self-Administered - National Trust - Gtd Dep;
Artesian Pete Corp Comm; BCE Inc Com; Bolton Tremblay International Fund Mutual
Fund; Corporate Inv. Stock Fd Ltd. Mut. Fd Shs; Industrial Horizon Fund Mut Fd;
Jamestown Resources Inc. Com; Trimark Cdn Fund Com; Watson Resources Corp Com;
Unts Equity Fund for RRSP

Liabilities: Loans: Manulife IAAC, Toronto; Mithras 9, Mithras 15, Mithras 47
Limited Partnership

Financial interests: Interests in the following companies are held in trust by
the Trustee, National Trust Company Limited:

Abico Management Ltd.; Multilingual Television (Toronto) Ltd.; Erintec Corp.,
Toronto

SPOUSE:

Alice Wong

Income: Attendance fee from the Ontario Advisory Council for Occupational Health
& Safety. Salary from Wellesley Hospital. Investment income. Assets:RRSPs not
self-ddministered: York Community Credit Union, North York Open-ended mutual
funds: Dynamic Fund of Canada, Toronto; AGF Japan Funds, Toronto; MD Growth,
Ottawa; MD Real Estate, Ottawa. GICs: Montreal Trust; National Trust; Guaranty
Trust; Deposit certificate: North York Credit Union Discovery Quay (Vancouver),
limited partnership real estate investment units

Financial interests: Abico Management Limited, Toronto Private Companies:Abico
Management Limited Income:Investment income from Treasury bills, GICs and credit
balance

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Joan Smith and husband Donald; Hugh O'Neil; Gregory Sorbara;
Mavis Wilson; Rene Fontaine; Elinor Caplan.

                  Copyright 1989 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             278 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               Sunday Herald Sun

                              May 17, 1992 Sunday

HOW BUSH ARMED HUSSEIN

LENGTH: 3166 words


ON DECEMBER 5, 1989, an Iraqi scientist pressed a button at a tiny desert
military installation 220kms south-west of Bagdad. Several hundred metres away,
the sands boiled and an ungainly rocket lifted uncertainly into the air.

The rocket had three stages. The first was composed of five Scud missiles
bundled together for lifting power. The second was a single Scud; the third, a
less powerful surface-to-air missile. Despite the failure of the second stage,
the third limped into Earth's orbit, but soon fizzled.

The Iraqi space-flight vehicle sent intelligence agencies around the globe
scrambling, and in less than 24 hours an American spy satellite found and
photographed the desert launch pad. It was a triumph of American intelligence.

What nobody knew at the time was that US taxpayers had helped finance the
research and development of the missile technology inside the big new Iraqi
rocket.

In the aftermath of the Persian Gulf war, President Bush and Secretary of State
James Baker have been dogged by criticism of American policy towards Iraq before
its invasion of Kuwait.

Despite Saddam Hussein's gassing of Iraqi Kurds, his destabilisation of Lebanon
with extensive weapons shipments, his generous support for some of the world's
most dangerous terrorists and his obsessive quest for weapons of mass
destruction, the Bush administration defined as its policy "improved relations"
with the Iraqi leader.

Central to this policy was a well-funded but little-known program within the
Department of Agriculture.Presidents have used it for nearly three decades as a
handy source of foreign aid because its disbursements are not directly
controlled by the Congress.

Initially, the program, administered by the Agriculture Department's Commodity
Credit Corporation, was intended to expand foreign markets for American farm
products by guaranteeing repayment of loans used for their purchase. A US News
examination of the CCC loan guarantees for Iraq, however, has found that the
program was badly abused.

Relying on more than 100 recently declassified documents and dozens of
interviews with Government officials, bankers and arms merchants in the US and
Europe, the inquiry found that tens of millions of dollars - perhaps much more -
was diverted from "profits" generated by the loans.

The diversion scheme was a classic. Iraqi representatives secured loans for
commodities purchases at prices far above prevailing market rates. By paying
suppliers less than the amount borrowed, Iraqi representatives were left with
millions of dollars in profits.

At least some of this money was used to finance weapons research and purchases
by a variety of Iraqi banks and businesses. Among the recipients were:

Two German engineering firms, which received contracts worth more than $2.3
million to modify the drive systems and thus enhance the range of Iraqi Scud
missiles of the type used in the launch of the prototype rocket in December
1989.

During Operation Desert Storm, one of the modified Scuds landed on a barracks in
the Saudi Arabian city of Dhahran, killing 28 Americans, the largest number of
US casualties from a single attack in the entire war.

Gerald Bull, the genius weapons designer who was hired by Iraq to design three
"superguns", the largest of them capable of launching a satellite into space.
Bull was murdered outside his Brussels apartment in March 1990.

According to Mr Sarkis Soghanalian, an Armenian-born arms dealer who introduced
Bull to the Iraqi Defence Ministry officials, some of Bull's work on the
supergun was financed with profits generated by the CCC loans."Bull told me (the
money) came from the grain sales," Mr Soghanalian said.

Two weapons companies - one Portuguese, the other Cypriot - which sold South
African-built G-5 howitzers and ammunition to Iraq. The transactions were
consummated with the help of a freight-forwarding company that handled many of
the commodities purchases guaranteed by the CCC.

A number of unidentified nuclear-engineering firms. According to an April 1990
memorandum obtained from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, CCC loan money
obtained by an Iraqi intermediary from the Atlanta branch of Italy's state-owned
Banca Nazionale del Lavoro was apparently used to buy nuclear triggers later
seized by British Customs inspectors.

Agriculture Department officials were also concerned that Iraq was using CCC-
guaranteed loans to pay for research on or procurement of nuclear weapons. An
October 1989 "memorandum of conversation" notes that the flow of those loans
through BNL "may have led to a diversion of CCC-guaranteed funds from commodity
programs into military sales either directly, through barter arrangements during
transit, and/or through requiring fees to be paid on various transactions in
violation of US regula$tions".

The memo states that diverted money may have been used to "procure
nuclear-related equipment, including a nuclear fuel compounder". It is
impossible to trace, dollar for dollar, how much of the CCC-generated profits
was used by Iraqi officials to finance weapons research or purchases. But as
early as spring 1989, international bankers and US intelligence officials say,
Iraq had grave difficulty in securing new loans from abroad.

After its eight-year war with Iran, in August 1988, Iraq refused to begin paying
off some $108 billion in debt incurred during the conflict.Officials at the US
embassy in Bagdad were aware of the problem and reported on it in many
cables.Lenders also complained.

A New York banker who had extensive dealings with Bagdad recalled: "They said,
basically, that if we didn't extend new credits, they wouldn't start paying on
the old debt." For that reason, Iraq's sources of new credit were drying up.

Conveniently, by that time the State Department had succeeded in more than
doubling the CCC guarantee program from $530 million in loans in 1986 to more
than $1.3 billion a year in 1988, 1989 and 1990.Suddenly, Iraq was the largest
participant in the CCC program. This despite the fact that US, European and
Israeli intelligence services had already identified much of Iraq's
weapons-procurement network.

"There was just about no other place for the money to come from," said a US
official who reviewed the most sensitive intelligence on Iraq during this
period.

Mr Patrick Leahy, the Vermont Democrat who chairs the Senate Agriculture
Committee, promises an investigation of the CCC-guaranteed loans to Iraq and the
diversion of profits to weapons purchases.

"It is a complete misuse of US foreign aid or agricultural aid to help prop up a
dictator at a time when he is involved in outrageous human-rights abuses against
his own people," Mr Leahy said.

"And it becomes completely abhorrent when that money is used for weapons
purchases and development.The whole policy (towards Iraq) was short-sighted,
poorly devised and unbelievably ill-managed." Not too long ago Iraq had more
supporters than it knew what to do with. Shi'ite Iran under the Ayatollah
Khomeini was the bogyman of the Persian Gulf, and Bagdad was seen by its
neighbors and by Washington as the great counterweight.

Hence the American "tilt" towards Iraq. Officially, Washington was a neutral
party in the conflict. But less than two years after Iraq invaded Iran to secure
its long-sought access to a large Persian Gulf port, the State Department
removed Iraq from its list of countries that sponsor terrorism. Yet, with Syria
and Libya, Iraq was among the more enthusiastic practitioners of state
terrorism.

In the second year of the war, Iran's superior air force and numerically
superior army were chewing up the inferior Iraqi forces.King Hussein of Jordan
urged Washington to sell arms to Bagdad. Soon after, the Reagan administration
approved the export of helicopters and other goods having military applications.

AS IRAN pressed the war against Iraq, Washington tilted further towards Bagdad.
In June 1984, records show, Vice-President George Bush telephoned Mr William H.
Draper III, a Yale friend who was chairman of the US Export-Import Bank.

Despite concerns by many administration officials about Iraq's ability to repay
a big loan, Mr Bush pushed Mr Draper to secure approval of a $654 million
guarantee so that Iraq could proceed with construction of a much-needed oil
pipeline to the Jordanian port of Aqaba.

Iran was the obvious enemy; no one doubted that Washington's discreet help for
Iraq made perfect sense.In November 1984, the policy crystallised: after 17
years, Washington and Bagdad resumed full diplomatic relations. Within a month,
the administration began sharing intelligence with Iraq. Three years later, the
war between Iran and Iraq was still raging, but by then Baghad had the upper
hand. The Reagan administration continued favoring Bagdad.

In February 1987, Mr Bush lobbied Mr John Bohn, the new chairman of the
Export-Import Bank, for more Iraqi aid. By then, however, Iraq was a far greater
credit risk. Its debts exceeded $80 billion, and Ex-Im officials were bound by
their charter to make no loans if there was reasonable doubt about the
recipient's ability to repay.

The political pressure carried the day, however. In May 1987, Ex-Im officials
authorised $270 million in loan guarantees for Bagdad. The bank's staff, who
opposed the measure, did win one concession: the $270 million would be available
to Iraq as a revolving line of credit that had to be repaid within 180 days.

In August 1988, Iran and Iraq - exhausted, broke and bloodied - staggered to a
ceasefire. In Washington in 1989, the State Department's formidable new troika
of Secretary Mr James Baker, Under Secretary for Political Affairs Mr Robert
Kimmitt and Deputy Secretary Mr Lawrence Eagleburger applied pressure to keep
the CCC loan guarantees for Iraq at more than $1.35 billion annually.

Trouble came quickly, however. Citing Saddam Hussein's orders to gas restive
Kurds in the village of Halabja, where an estimated 2000 people died, members of
Congress began pushing for sanctions against Bagdad.Separately, in August 1989,
FBI agents raided the Atlanta branch of BNL and unearthed what they described as
a "massive fraud".

In Iraq, BNL had found a client willing to borrow billions, apparently to buy
food. Thanks to the CCC guarantees, the loans were risk-free. By 1989, BNL's
Atlanta branch had extended nearly $100 million for Iraqi commodity buys. It
also issued an additional $4 billion in letters of credit to Iraqi banks and
businesses unrelated to the CCC guarantees.

From mid-1989 on, officials of the State and Defence departments and the
National Security Council devised a Bush administration policy of embracing
Saddam in a cocoon of moderation.

In October 1989, President Bush signed National Security Decision Directive 26,
concluding it was in America's "national interest" to seek "improved relations"
with the Government of Saddam Hussein.

ENDORSEMENT of the policy came just a month later. The Bush administration
pushed through $1.35 billion more in CCC loan guarantees for Iraq. To mollify
those concerned about Iraq's credit-worthiness, it was agreed that the
guarantees would be allocated $675 million at a time.

The appeal of potentially rich markets overwhelmed worries about Iraq's
obsessive weapons purchases.Senior officials now concede this was perhaps the
critical error.

Since the end of the Gulf war, US intelligence agencies have identified 44
individuals and 48 companies engaged in Iraqi weapons procurement worldwide.
Senior US officials say many had been identified as early as 1989.

Well into 1990, after Saddam Hussein began boasting of his chemical weapons and
threatening to strike Israel with them, Iraq received no high-level attention
until a group of senior administration officials convened on April 16, 1990.

Known as the "deputies committee", this group listed options available to the
President if he wanted to send a harsh message to Hussein. Only one of these
options - suspending the second $675 million in CCC loan guarantees - was
ultimately approved, but not before six more weeks had elapsed.

At the same time, incredibly, the administration continued to provide limited
military intelligence to Bagdad. A senior CIA official says now that the agency
should have produced a new "estimate", a lengthy and detailed review of Iraqi
behavior, in June 1990.

"Had we done so," the official said, "I am confident we would have concluded
that Iraq would have attacked Israel. As for Kuwait, nothing we were seeing
pointed to that scenario." To this date, no one outside Bagdad understands just
how many ways Iraqi middlemen flimflammed the US through the CCC program.

Auditors from the Agriculture Department and the General Accounting Office
speculate that some farm goods purchased by Iraq with CCC-guaranteed loans were
swapped, for instance, for arms from the Soviet Union. US and European officials
say there are credible intelligence reports of grain being off-loaded from Iraqi
vessels in Black Sea ports in 1987 and later.

The key to the Iraqi network was the CCC guarantees. Arms dealer Soghanalian
says he was approached in 1987 to assemble a shipment of various weapons for
Iraq. The deal, he was told, would be financed with proceeds from loans
guaranteed by the CCC.

Soghanalian says he declined to go forward with the proposed transaction. He
also says that because the BNL loans guaranteed by the CCC were never properly
recorded, Iraqi intermediaries were sometimes able to obtain duplicate loans for
the same shipment of farm goods. US officials say there is no evidence for that.

The basic element of the diversion scheme, however, is clear. By securing loans
for purchases of commodities at inflated prices, Iraqi middlemen guaranteed
excess profits on many sales.

A May 1990 Department of Agriculture review of Iraqi shipments found that one
firm, Entrade International Ltd, charged up to $50 above the prevailing price
per tonne for sugar, and $27 above the tonne market price for rice and corn. The
potential for profit was enormous. Iraq was importing roughly 187,000 tonnes of
food supplies a month - much of that from the US.

Another Agriculture Department review analysed 64 commodity sales to various
countries and found that 53 $were guaranteed at prices well above market rates.
Those sales resulted in excess profits of about 105 million. CCC-guaranteed
sales of farm goods to Iraq numbered in the hundreds.

The Iraqis were nothing if not brazen. In 1987, Iraqi representatives complained
about the high costs of shipping food to Bagdad. Loans guaranteed by the CCC
were not intended to cover freight, but the Agriculture Department made an
exception for Iraq.

This was done despite the Agriculture Department's reviews documenting Iraqi
middlemen's demands for blatant kickbacks from shippers of CCC-guaranteed
commodities.

With many deliveries, Agriculture Department inspectors found, shippers were
required to fill Iraqi shopping lists of everything from trucks and copiers to
telephones and calculators. Many exporters referred to these blandly as
"after-sales services".

The Agriculture Department - again, according to its own review - found that it
had guaranteed the cost of the Iraqi kickbacks, on top of the cost of the farm
goods and the charges for shipping them.The few shippers who complained about
the Iraqi kickback scheme soon found themselves shut out of the CCC program.

SIFTING the truth from the Bush administration's conflicting statements about
its Iraq policy is not easy.

Representative Gonzalez, Senator Leahy and others complain that the
administration has done little to assuage their concerns about the diversions of
CCC-guaranteed loans, the role of BNL and the involvement of US companies in
arming Iraq.

In April 1991, the White House established a vetting process directed by the
National Security Council's chief lawyer, C. Nicholas Rostow. Under his
direction, administration lawyers refused to provide Congress with some
documents.

Instead, Mr Rostow offered oral briefings. Executive-branch departments were
advised by the White House that "alternatives to providing documents should be
explored." Mr Gonzalez, who has issued more than 100 subpoenas for documents,
says the "Rostow Gang" has a single purpose: to "cover up embarrassing and
potentially illegal activities of persons and agencies responsible for the
US-Iraq relationship".

A White House spokesman says that Mr Rostow's office has merely coordinated the
document-sharing effort and has played no part in limiting what government
agencies share with Congress. That may be, but the administration has been
anything but forthcoming when questioned about its Iraqi policy.

The Commerce Department, for example, was responsible for licensing goods bound
for Iraq. But when questions were raised about $1 billion worth of heavy trucks
bound for Iraq, the military designation Commerce had originally assigned to the
shipment was deleted from a list of US exports to Iraq that was prepared for
Congress.

The Commerce Department's inspector general subsequently found the deletion
"unjustified and misleading." The Justice Department is investigating.

Was the US policy toward Iraq justified in its inception? Certainly.But late in
the Iran-Iraq conflict and especially after the war ended and Iraq began
shopping for weapons around the globe, America did not rethink the policy.

The Saudis and others among America's friends in the Arab world reinforced
Washington's desire for "improved relations" with Saddam Hussein. This jibed,
too, with the Bush administration's desire to expand overseas markets for
American farm goods.

The few criticisms were evidently drowned out by the steady flow of positive
signals from Washington.It was almost as if the administration viewed its policy
as a self-fulfilling prophecy.

In a memo prepared in February 1990, Mr John Kelly, the assistant secretary of
state for Near Eastern and South Asian affairs, argued that $500 million in CCC
credits to Iraq should be released. (Iraq had used up $500 million in CCC
guarantees in January 1990 alone.) There was evidence by this time that some CCC
loan proceeds had been used to buy weapons.The Bush administration was
nevertheless determined.

Failing to approve the CCC guarantees, Mr Kelly wrote, "will feed Saddam's
paranoia and accelerate his swing against us".

It seems as if it was the Bush administration that was paranoid, however: Worry
over Saddam Hussein's wrath had paralysed the president and his men. The Iraqi
leader had shrewdly converted those worries to his own advantage.

As a result, the US is stuck with more than $2 billion in bad Iraqi loans.
Because the CCC guaranteed them, American taxpayers will now have to repay them.

US NEWS & WORLD REPORT

END OF STORY

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Thumbs up from US President George Bush after victory in the Gulf
War.But evidence suggests US Government money helped pay for Iraqi weapons,
suchas the 350mm "supergun" shown (RIGHT) north of Bagdad. ABOVE: Kurds on
therun from Iraq . . . US dollars kept flowing to Saddam Hussein's
armorers,despite his orders resulting in the deaths of an estimated 2000
Kurdishvillagers.  RIGHT: Massive firepower . . . the largest of three
Iraqisuperguns, designed by Gerald Bull and apparently partly-funded by US
loans,was capable of launching a satellite into space.  Ricardo illustration
ofSaddam Hussein.

JOURNAL-CODE: SHS

                   Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             279 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Farm Bankers React Coolly to New Aid Plan;
Program's Provisions Seen As Unpalatable for Lenders

                           February 5, 1985, Tuesday

By ANDREA BENNETT and ROBERT TRIGAUX


A new, broader farm debt assistance program being approved by the Reagan
Administration might not be of any more use than the program it replaces,
bankers say.

Certain provisions in the plan lessen the likelihood that bankers who have
shunned the previous program will flock to the latest plan, they said.

''We don't think it's going to improve the acceptance on the part of lenders,''
said Alan R. Tubbs, president of the First Central State Bank, DeWitt, Iowa. He
is also chairman of the American Bankers Association agricultural bankers
committee.

Bankers have objected to the current debt restructuring plan because in order to
get a government guarantee for a bank farm loan, they must forgive at least 10%
of the principal of the loan. They said such a program would immediately lower
the capital and income of banks, many of whom are already in trouble because of
growing amounts of bad farm loans.

The Reagan Administration's latest effort to aid the agricultural sector is, in
fact, a modification of a guaranteed or ''debt adjustment'' loan program
unveiled last October by the Farmers Home Administration of the Department of
Agriculture.

That program called for a farm lender to write off permanently at least 10% of
the total outstanding principal and interest owed on an existing loan by making
a new loan for the adjusted amount due.

Reducing Interest or Principal

With farmers under still increasing financial pressure, the latest modification
of this program would have the Farmers Home Administration guarantee up to 90%
of a loan to a farmer. In this case, the banker must agree to reduce either a
farmer's annual interest charges or his debt principal - or a combination of the
two - by at least 10%. A bank could reduce interest rates or principal by more
than 10%. In turn, the federal government would pay a bank up to 90% of the
reduced principal and interest if the farmer defaulted.

The program, which is expected to go into effect this week, would allow the
borrower to retain a positive cash flow under the new loan terms, while most of
the lender's exposure would be guaranteed by the Farmers Home Administration
(FmHA). The purpose of the program, according to FmHA, would be to provide
lenders with a tool to enable them to continue to provide credit during a
''work-out'' period.

So far, Republicans in Congress have been briefed by the administration about
changes to the lending program, and the FmHA is talking ''unofficially'' about
the modifications. But no formal guidelines or programs have been announced.

Last fall, the program attracted little response from financial institutions,
which viewed the federal agency program guidelines as too restrictive. Bankers
advocated instead that they be allowed to lower interest rates on farm loans
rather than write down the principal, since lowering interest rates would allow
them to spread their losses over longer periods of time.

Administration officials and FmHA spokesmen acknowledge bankers' displeasure
with the current program. Since the plan was announced nearly four months ago,
only 38 loans have been guaranteed, according to Marlyn Aycock, public affairs
officer with the Farmers Home Administration in Washington, D.C.

'Double-Hit'

The Reagan administration's new debt restructuring plan would liberalize the
terms under which a lender could participate in the program. But bankers say
provisions in the plan as it has been outlined to them could actually make it
less likely lenders would use the program.

Mr. Tubbs said the plan described to the ABA agricultural committee by the
administration means that a lender who has reduced the interest on a loan that
subsequently goes into default will only get a guarantee on the loan as if he
had also taken a write-down on the principal.

Neil Harl, professor of economics at Iowa State University, who has been pushing
for the inclusion of interest rate reductions in the program, said such a
provision would force bankers to take a ''double-hit.''

''If that's the case, I think lenders might be smart enough to avoid it,'' he
said.

The Independent Bankers Association of America today is expected to propose
alternatives to the interest rate write-down currently promoted in the
administration program.

Other bankers said that even without such a provision, there are other
uncertainties that could weaken use of the program.

''I'm more encouraged with the [interest rate reduction] plan than the debt
restructure program that was announced in the fall,'' said A.C. ''Skip'' Hove,
chairman of Minden Exchange Bank & Trust Co. in Minden, Neb.

Mr. Hove, who is also president of the Nebraska Bankers Association, said he had
not used the plan requiring a principal write-down, and his use of the current
program would depend on how ''tight and binding'' regulations are.

No Cure-All

Rather than use the previous plan, he said the bank decided ''maybe we'll just
restructure here and face the possibility of not taking the hit on'' the
principal of the loan required to be written down.

He said the inclusion of an interest rate reduction in the program ''will help
some.  But it's not going to be the cure-all.''

Even with the interest rate write-down, Mr. Hove said, the guarantee
applications will not be processed quickly enough if they have to go through the
Farmers Home Administration.

''If we still have to go through the FmHA, we still have the problem of their
backlog of workload,'' he said. ''They can't process what they've got, let alone
new applications.

''This program would work if you don't have to go through the FmHA.''

He said the program would either need a simplified application form that could
be approved quickly or increased staffing at the FmHA.

Roger Winterhof, senior vice president of the agricultural division of Brenton
Banks Inc. in Des Moines, said the bank holding company was using the current
debt restructuring program and was experiencing long delays because of lack of
staffing at the FmHA.

''I don't know that we've encountered any delay because of attitude but because
of lack of staffing,'' he said.

Brenton Banks is a holding company with 16 banks, 12 of which can be considered
agricultural banks.  Mr. Winterhof said these banks have used the current
guarantee program but he was not aware of any applications being approved.

He also added that it would be necessary to put more money into the program
before it could be successful.

''There is definitely going to be totally inadequate funds,'' he said.

He said it was essential that action to improve the program be taken immediately
as farmers come closer to March 1, when many of their loans become due. ''The
timing is so essential,'' he said.  ''We needed action 90 days ago and we
certainly need it today.''

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1136 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             280 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 29, 2013 Thursday

Section 538 Guaranteed Rural Rental Housing Program for Fiscal Year 2013

LENGTH: 383  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:

Action

Notice; Amendment.
Summary

The Rural Housing Service (RHS) is amending a Notice published May 23, 2013 (78
FR 30854-30860). This action is taken to extend the eligible properties to
include Rural Development financed Farm Labor Housing properties. This amendment
is to ensure that all eligible properties are included.
Correction

In the Federal Register May 23, 2013, in FR Doc. 2013-12325, on page 30857, the
first column, first paragraph, is amended to read as follows:

Also eligible is the revitalization, repair and transfer (as stipulated in 7 CFR
3560.406) of existing direct Section 515 and Section 514/516 Farm Labor Housing
(FLH) (transfer costs are subject to Agency approval and must be an eligible use
of loan proceeds as listed in 7 CFR 3565.205), and properties involved in the
Agency's Multi-Family Preservation and Revitalization (MPR) program. Equity
payment, as stipulated in 7 CFR 3560.406, in the transfer of existing direct
Section 515 and Section 514/516 FLH, is an eligible use of guaranteed loan
proceeds; however, the amount of funding available for transfers of existing
Section 515 and Section 514/516 FLH properties involving equity payments will be
limited to 25 percent of the FY 2013 funding level through July 31, 2013 * * *

On page 30858, under the heading "Data element" the 18th data element is amended
to read Revitalization, Repair, and Transfer (as stipulated in 7 CFR 3560.406)
of Existing Direct Section 515 and Section 514/516 FLH or MPR.

On page 30859, in the third column, under the heading "Priority 6" is amended to
read: Responses for the revitalization, repair, and transfer (as stipulated in 7
CFR 3560.406) of existing direct section 515 and section 514/516 FLH and
properties * * *

On page 30859, in the third column, under the heading "Priority 7" is amended to
read: Section 515 Rural Rental Housing and Section 514/516 FLH
Projects--Projects in which Section 538 funds will not be used to finance new
construction of Section 515 Rural Rental Housing or Section 514/516 FLH projects
* * *

Table of Contents Back to Top

Correction

Dated: August 20, 2013.

Richard A. Davis,

Acting Administrator, Rural Housing Service.

For more information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             281 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                  June 1, 1992

Rural Home Provisions Gain

BYLINE: By TED CORNWELL

SECTION: FARM AND RURAL MORTGAGE; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 679 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


While congressional attention has bene focused on urban problems recently,
lawmakers have quietly continued to pursue rural housing initiatives as well.

In the House, both a housing reauthorization bill and beginning farmer bill
include provisions that may affect lenders and buyers who participate in
government housing propaganda.

A congressional housing subcommittee has voted to increase the number of buyers
eligible to receive FmhA guaranteed rural housing loans.

The bill would allow buyers with up to 115% of area median income to
participate.  Currently, the income cut-off is 100%.

An agricultural panel has voted to earmark some Farmers Home Administration
leading authority for beginning farmers and ranchers.

The legislation also would limit the number of years a borrower may participate
in FmHA loan programs.

While the Administration had proposed a 10-year Mmit in the past, Congress
previously has rejected any limit.

Under the new legislation approved by the Agriculture Committee's subcommittee
on credit, borrowers would only be allowed to participate in FmHA programs for a
maximum of 15 years.

Both FmHA direct and guaranteed loan programs are included in the 15-year limit,
after which borrowers must be graduated to commercial credit without guarantors.

The beginning farmer provisions would give farmers and ranchers with up to 5
years of experience a 10-year commitment from FmHA to help get farm operating
and ownership loans.

"What we are attempting to devise is a blueprint for the future of rural America
and a reasonable hope that these who choose farming and ranching as a way of
life have the means to do so," said Rep. Glenn English, D., Okla., a principal
author of the legislation.

"By using existing resources within FmHa, this bill enables us to extend
opportunities for a new generation of farmers while recognizing the budget
realities of the day."

Beginning farmers will be eligible for lower interest loans during the first
four years.

Afterward, they would receive only guarantees.

Congressman English said the program will help beginning farmers who have some
experience in agriculture to capitalize on that experience to obtain credit with
government help.

The bill also would target FmHA's direct farm ownership program to beginning
farmers with a new downpayment assitance program.

FmHA would be authorized to provide low-interest, 10-year "downpayment" loans
equal to 30% of the farmland's price up to a maximum purchase price of $
250,000.

The interest rate on the downpayment loans would be capped at 3%.

The downpayment loans would help beginning farmers obtain the rest of the
financing necessary for a farm mortgage.

Rep. Tim Penny, D., Minn., has been seeking the FmHA downpayment loan program
for several years.

The "Agricultural Credit Improvement Act of 1992" also would coordinate the FmHA
beginning farmer program with similar state programs.

Nineteen states have beginning farmer programs of their own, and eight more are
in the process of starting them, according to Rep. Penny.

"The average age of farmers in Minnesota is 60 years old," Congressman Penny
said.

"This legislation will give young farmers the chance to get started on their own
land and at the same time help ensure the survival of family farming in rural
America," he has said.

FmHA administrator La Verne Ausman has given qualified support to efforts to
direct FmHA resources to help beginning farmers and ranchers.

The General Accounting Office has raised concerns about FmHA's mission however.

GAO believes FmHA's role as a lender of last resort needs to be reconciled with
its mission to help make credit available to needy farmers.

Currently, some FmHA borrowers have been made financially weaker by FmHA
policies that allow them to accumulate large amounts of debt that they are
unable to repay, according to GAO.

The success of a beginning farmer program will depend upon FmHA's efforts to
provide conditional credit and supervise borrowers to make sure they have a
viable business plan, GAO concluded.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             282 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 17, 2015 Wednesday

Reserve Account

LENGTH: 2038  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, DC


This Rule document was issued by the Rural Housing Service (RHS)

Action

Final rule.
Summary

The Rural Housing Service (RHS or "Agency") is amending its regulation to change
the requirements of the reserve account for direct Multifamily Housing (MFH)
loans. The intended effect of this action is to address the reserve account
requirement of the Agency to countersign with the borrower when a Section 538
guaranteed loan is involved, and to also clarify that reserve account funds
cannot be used to pay for fees associated with the Section 538 guaranteed loan
program.
Dates

The effective date for this final rule is August 17, 2015.
For Further Information Contact

Tammy S. Daniels, Financial and Loan Analyst, Multi-Family Housing Guaranteed
Loan Division, Rural Housing Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, STOP 0781,
1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0781, Telephone: (202)
720-0021 (this is not a toll-free number); email: tammy.daniels@wdc.usda.gov
Supplementary Information
Executive Order 12866--Classification

This rule has been determined to be not significant and, therefore, was not
reviewed by the Office of Management and Budget under Executive Order 12866.
Executive Order 12988--Civil Justice Reform

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform.
If this rule is adopted: (1) Unless otherwise specifically provided, all State
and local laws that are in conflict with this rule will be preempted; (2) no
retroactive effect will be given to this rule except as specifically prescribed
in the rule; and (3) administrative proceedings of the National Appeals Division
of the U.S. Department of Agriculture (7 CFR part 11) must be exhausted before
bringing suit.
Executive Order 13132--Federalism

The policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial direct effect on
States, on the relationship between the national government and the States, or
on the distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
government. Nor does this rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on
State and local governments. Therefore, consultation with States is not
required.
Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments

This executive order imposes requirements on Rural Development (RD) in the
development of regulatory policies that have tribal implications or preempt
tribal laws. RD has determined that the final rule does not have a substantial
direct effect on one or more Indian tribe(s) or on either the relationship or
the distribution of powers and responsibilities between the Federal Government
and Indian tribes. Thus, this final rule is not subject to the requirements of
Executive Order 13175. If a tribe determines that this rule has implications of
which RD is not aware and would like to engage with RD on this rule, please
contact RD's Native American Coordinator at: AIAN@wdc.usda.gov
Regulatory Flexibility Act

The rule has been reviewed with regard to the requirements of the Regulatory
Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601-612). The undersigned has determined and certified
by signature on this document that this rule will not have a significant
economic impact on a substantial number of small entities. This rulemaking
action does not involve a new or expanded program nor does it require any more
action on the part of a small business than required of a large entity.
Paperwork Reduction Act

The information collection requirements contained in this regulation have been
approved by OMB and have been assigned OMB control number 0575-0189. There are
no new reporting and recordkeeping requirements associated with this regulatory
action.
E-Government Act Compliance

RHS is committed to complying with the E-Government Act by promoting the use of
the Internet and other information technologies in order to provide increased
opportunities for citizen access to Government information, services, and other
purposes.
Unfunded Mandate Reform Act (UMRA)

This rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory provisions of Title
II of the UMRA) for State, local and tribal Governments or the private sector.
Therefore, this rule is not subject to the requirements of sections 202 and 205
of the UMRA.
Environmental Impact Statement

This document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." RHS determined that the action does not constitute a
major Federal action significantly affecting the quality of the environment.
Therefore, in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969,
Pub. L. 91-190, an Environmental Impact Statement is not required.
Programs Affected

The programs affected by this regulation are listed in the Catalog of Federal
Domestic Assistance under numbers 10.405--Farm Labor Housing Loans and Grants;
10.415--RRH Loans; and 10.427--Rural Rental Assistance Payments.
Executive Order 12372--Intergovernmental Consultation

These loans are subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372, which
require intergovernmentalconsultation with State and local officials. RHS
conducts intergovernmental consultations for each loan in accordance with 2 CFR
part 415, subpart C.
I. Background Information

Reserve accounts are established by the recipient of direct MFH loans (the
"borrower") to meet the major capital expenses of a housing project. The amount
of the payments to the reserve account is established in the loan documents,
beginning with the first loan payment or the date specified in the loan
documents. The current requirement at 7 CFR 3560.306(e)(2) states that reserve
accounts require the Agency to countersign with the borrower on all withdrawals.
The Section 538 Guaranteed Rural Rental Housing (GRRH) program often provides
funding to an existing direct MFH loan property. Loan funds provided by the
lender and guaranteed by the GRRH program are critical to the rehabilitation and
preservation of older existing direct MFH loan properties. The GRRH program
regulation at 7 CFR 3565.402(a) requires that all property reserve accounts be
held by the lender, which eliminates the unauthorized use of these funds by the
borrower since the borrower does not have access to the funds. When an approved
Section 538 lender lends funds to an existing direct MFH loan-financed property,
this brings 7 CFR 3560.306 and 3565.402 into conflict, pitting the requirement
for the Agency to countersign for funds pursuant to 7 CFR 3560.306, against the
requirement that lenders have unfettered control of funds consistent with 7 CFR
3565.402. The GRRH program loan guarantees are sold on the secondary market as
long as the loan is closed and is not in default. In most cases, the Section 538
loans on direct MFH loan-financed properties are transferred to Ginnie Mae.
Ginnie Mae requires that property reserve accounts be pledged as collateral for
the loan and that it has unfettered access to those accounts. In order to meet
this secondary market requirement, the reserve accounts must be titled
exclusively in the lender's name. In order to meet Ginnie Mae's requirements,
the reserve accounts cannot be countersigned with any other party. Requiring the
Agency's signature on all withdrawals ensures that the borrower does not have
uncontrolled use of the funds and this requirement will remain unchanged for
properties that only have direct MFH loans. However, this amendment would
relieve the Agency of its countersignature responsibility for properties with
Section 538 funding, and thereby comply with Ginnie Mae's requirements,
described above. The Agency's interest in the reserve accounts would still be
protected by the change being made in the regulation, since the lender is
required to get prior Agency approval before funds disbursement. Therefore,
funds from the lender-controlled reserve account cannot be used for items not
agreed to by the Agency.

Additionally, RHS is amending 7 CFR 3560.306(g) to clarify that reserve account
funds cannot be used to pay fees associated with the loan guarantee. Lenders are
currently using the replacement reserve account to pay fees associated with the
loan guarantee, i.e., the annual renewal fee. These fees are considered a
project expense and must be paid from the operating account, not the replacement
reserve account.
II. Discussion of the Comments Received

The Agency received three responses to the proposed rule published in theFederal
Registeron August 13, 2014, (79 FR 47383). The comments came from RD employees
who work with the RD Multi-Family Housing programs. The topics of discussion
included: Putting in language regarding the Section 514/516 Farm Labor Housing
program; including all lenders in the amendment, not just Section 538 lenders;
and, providing additional guidance on how to implement the new requirements
involving direct MFH/538 transactions.

The comments were as follows:

1. One commenter wanted the Agency to address how the release of the reserves
will be internally implemented. The Agency will address this in our internal
guidance, HB-1-3565, on how to implement reserve requirements on direct MFH loan
transactions.

2. One commenter requested that the proposed rule change include language to
reflect that the Section 514/516 Farm Labor Housing loan and grant program
transactions be included in the final rule. The rule has been changed to reflect
that it pertains to all direct Multi-family housing loans; therefore, references
to Section 515 loans have been replaced with "direct MFH loans."

3. One commenter requested that the amendment address all lenders, not just
Section 538 lenders, when loan funds are leveraged for the construction and/or
rehabilitation of project involving direct MFH loans. The agency will not make a
change to address all lenders through this regulation change because the change
is only intended to resolve the conflict between 7 CFR parts 3560 and 3565. In
other words, the Agency will only address transactions involving an approved
Section 538 lender. In a direct MFH loan transaction involving lenders other
than a Section 538 lender, the rules in 7 CFR 3560.306 will prevail so that the
direct MFH loan borrower will maintain control of the reserve account through
supervised bank accounts.
List of Subjects in 7 CFR Part 3560

Accounting, Administrative practice and procedure, Aged, Farm labor housing,
Foreclosure, Grant programs--Housing and community development, Government
property management, Handicapped, Insurance, Loan programs--Agriculture, Loan
programs--Housing and community development, Low and moderate income housing,
Migrant labor, Mortgages, Nonprofit organizations, Public housing, Rent
subsidies, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural housing.

Therefore, chapter XXXV, title 7 of the Code of Federal Regulations, is amended
as follows:
Regulatory Text
Part 3560 Direct Multi Family Housing Loans and Grants

1. The authority citation for part 3560 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart G--Financial Management

2. Amend § 3560.306 by revising paragraph (e)(2) and adding paragraph (g)(5) to
read as follows:
§ 3560.306 Reserve account.

* * * * *

(e) * * *

(2) Reserve accounts must be supervised accounts that require the Agency to
countersign on all withdrawals; except, this requirement is not applicable when
loan funds guaranteed by the Section 538 GRRH program are used for the
construction and/or rehabilitation of a direct MFH loan project. Direct MFH loan
borrowers, who are exempted from the supervised account and countersigned
requirement, as described above, must follow Section 538 GRRH program regulatory
requirements pertaining to reserve accounts. In all cases, Section 538 lenders
must get prior written approval from the Agency before reserve account funds
involving a direct MFH loan project can be disbursed to the borrower.

* * * * *

(g) * * *

(5) Funds from the replacement reserve account cannot be used to pay any fees
associated with the Section 538 GRRH loan guarantee, as determined by the
Agency.

* * * * *
Dated: May 18, 2015.
Tony Hernandez,
Administrator, Rural Housing Service.
[FR Doc. 2015-14783 Filed 6-16-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             283 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                December 9, 1996

Agriculture Department Says Farmer Mac Securitizations Limited

SECTION: Pg. 21

LENGTH: 527 words

DATELINE: Washington


A Department of Agriculture study claims the market of outstanding loans
available for Farmer Mac to tap with its new securitization abilities is
limited, which may make it difficult for the agency to meet mandates for growth
essential to its survival.

"While Farmer Mac's new charter removes some past impediments to growth, it
still operates in a small and mature farm debt market that is already served by
another GSE - the Farm Credit System," the report said.

The study by two Agriculture Department economists says that the agency's
"qualifying standards and various characteristics of the total farm debt market
significantly limit the volume immediately available and eligible for the
secondary mortgage market."

When Farmer Mac's charter was revised this year, giving it securitization
powers, Congress also gave the agency a mandate to raise its capital to $ 25
million from $ 14 million by February 1998 and to "meet permanent capital
standards" by February 1999.

The report says that "if Farmer Mac fails to meet these deadlines, the
corporation must suspend its business activity and could be forced to liquidate
its assets."

The study's authors, Steven R. Koenig and James T. Ryan, said that they came to
the conclusion that the market available to Farmer Mac was limited by studying
the entire $ 160 billion farm debt market, of which $ 85 billion is real estate
secured.

The authors said that many factors prevent Farmer Mac from tapping the $ 75
billion non-mortgage debt market and added that $ 27 billion of the real
estate-secured market also "may not be available for refinancing or repackaging
commercially."

Barriers in the mortgage market include a lack of documentation needed to sell
loans to the agency without being refinanced, and the presence of a significant
amount of state-administered farm loan program debt which does not qualify for
the program, called Farmer Mac I.

Factors that prevent the conversion of non-real estate sector debt to qualifying
mortgages include the costs and difficulties related to standardizing the loans
for securitization.

The report's authors said the remaining commercial farm mortgage market was
"only about $ 58 billion at the start of 1996" and added that "when qualifying
standards and other factors are taken into consideration, the portion of the $
58 billion that is eligible or available to Farmer Mac I is likely to be
significantly less."

Mr. Koenig and Mr. Ryan did acknowledge that the Farmer Mac II program, in which
the agency operates a secondary mortgage market for certain U.S. Department of
Agriculture guaranteed loans, has given the agency some strength.  They said the
Farmer Mac II program "has been growing steadily" and had reached $ 66 million
by June 30, 1996.

But they said that they feel "the size and margins of this market are
insufficient alone to make Farmer Mac profitable."

The Farmer Mac II program also may be pressured by competition, the authors
said.

"While Farmer Mac II offers a variety of competitive purchasing options to
lenders, it faces competition from at least three other companies when buying
these guaranteed loans," they said.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph, Farm Debt Market, Source: U.S Dept of Agriculture

                         Copyright 1996 Faulkner & Gray


                             284 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Odessa American (Odessa, Texas)

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                            March 8, 2006 Wednesday

Agency accepting farm loan applications

BYLINE: Odessa American, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 138 words


Mar. 8--FORT -- STOCKTON The Farm Service Agency is accepting farm loan
applications to farmers and ranchers who are unable to obtain private,
commercial credit.

Producers interested in guaranteed loans must apply to a conventional lender,
who then arranges for the FSA guarantee.

The Farm Loan Office at 2306 W. Dickinson, Suite 1, in Fort Stockton serves
Ector, Brewster, Crane, Culberson, El Paso, Hudspeth, Jeff David, Loving, Pecos,
Presidio, Reeves, Terrell, Ward and Winkler counties.

Call (432) 336-5206 ext. 2, fax (432) 336-9620 or e-mail
bill.mcanally@tx.usda.gov.

Copyright (c) 2006, Odessa American, Texas Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune
Business News. For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800)
661-2511 (U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060308-OD-0308-Agency-accepting-farm-loan-applications

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OD


                         Copyright 2006 Odessa American


                             285 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                                 July 04, 2014

Stakeholders Hail A1 Permits

BYLINE: Elita Chikwati

LENGTH: 511 words


Newly-resettled farmers have welcomed the issuance of A1 settlement permits
which they say have brought finality to the land reform which should enable them
to increase investment and productivity now that there is security of tenure.

Most A1 farmers said before the latest developments they were not secure as they
did not have security of tenure, but that the permit guaranteed them land rights
for an indefinite period.

Speaking after receiving the permit at Chepfunde Farm in Makonde on Wednesday
where 79 farmers from Chipfundi and Emily Park Farms were issued with the
permits by President Mugabe, Mrs Stembiso Makohliso said the A1 settlement
permit was a confirmation of economic empowerment.

"I am now convinced that I am the real owner of the land and I can plan without
fear," she said. "I can now erect permanent structures on my farm. I am glad
that the document addresses inheritance issues and women are guaranteed of the
land even after the death of a spouse."

Another beneficiary, Mr Isdore Mtandwa, said he was glad that now he could use
the permit to secure loans from banks.

"I can use the permit to get funding from banks," he said. "We have been
experiencing challenges securing funds from banks because we had no collateral,
but with the permit we can access loans."

Zimbabwe Farmers Union director Mr Paul Zakariya said the issuance of the A1
permits was a positive development that should attract investment from local and
foreign players.

"Banks should take the permits as security," he said. "This is how we create
wealth. We may have some challenges, but in the long run financial institutions
will accept the document.

"In Brazil, farmers do not have title deeds for their farms, but rely on permits
to access funding from banks and the same can be done here."

Chiefs' Council president, Chief Fortune Charumbira, said the A1 permit was the
most precious gift to farmers as land was different from any other type of
wealth.

"The land is our heritage," he said. "It cannot be recreated. Land has been the
major cause of conflicts in most countries. In Zimbabwe we fought during the
liberation struggle to get the land."

Chief Charumbira said farmers should be reminded of the long history that saw
Zimbabweans getting back their land from the colonial regime.

"The permit will bring orderliness and proper administration of the land," he
said.

Farmers at Chipfunde and Emily Park Farm qualified for the A1 permits because
they were fully utilising land for agricultural purposes.

The farmers have developed a scheme code-named "Production assurance plots"
where they produced wheat, soyabeans and commercial maize.

Farmers at Chipfunde have resuscitated the irrigation system, while those at
Emily Park farm have kept the 80-hectare centre pivot irrigation equipment
intact.

There are no illegal settlers at the farm and livestock has enough grazing land.

The issuance of the tenure documents is itemised as one of the critical
strategies to optimise agricultural productivity which is a key target of
Zim-Asset under the Food Security and Nutrition cluster.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             286 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Odessa American (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 27, 2009 Sunday

BRIEF: USDA offers farm loans

BYLINE: Odessa American, Texas

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 192 words


Dec. 27--The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency is offering
direct and guaranteed farm ownership and operating loan programs for farmers and
ranchers who can't currently obtain private commercial credit, according to a
news release.

The loans, which guarantee loans made by conventional agricultural lenders for
up to 95 percent of principal, are designed to help beginning farmers who have
trouble getting financing because of insufficient financial resources and
established farmers who have financial setbacks because of natural disasters of
limited resources.

The farm loan office serving Ector County and 13 other West Texas counties is
located at 2306 W. Dickinson Blvd. in Fort Stockton. For information, call
432-336-5206.

To see more of the Odessa American, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.oaoa.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Odessa American, Texas Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091227-OD-BRF-USDA-offers-farm-loans-1227

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OD


                         Copyright 2009 Odessa American


                             287 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 16, 1991, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Senate Asks Bush to Back Loan Guarantees for Soviets

BYLINE: By KEITH BRADSHER,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 1; Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 658 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 15


The Senate passed a resolution today asking President Bush to approve an
additional $1.5 billion in loan guarantees for grain shipments to the Soviet
Union.

A request by President Mikhail S. Gorbachev in March for the additional
guarantees received little attention in Washington at first. But Soviet
officials have contended with increasing fervor in recent weeks that the
provision of additional food assistance is critical to the preservation of civil
order there and a test of Soviet-American relations.

President Bush said on April 29 that while he wanted to help the Soviet Union,
his options were limited because farm legislation passed by Congress late last
year included a provision banning agricultural loan guarantees for countries
that were not creditworthy. The resolution passed 70 to 28 by the Senate today
calls on the President to approve the loan guarantees anyway.

The debate over the resolution in the last two weeks brought out a deep division
in Washington over how to conduct relations with the Soviet Union. On one side,
led by the resolution's sponsor, Senator Bob Dole, Republican of Kansas, were
agricultural interests and politicians who believe that the United States must
help the Soviet Union to prevent its possible descent into civil disorder.

Senator Dole said that President Bush had expressed enthusiasm for the
resolution at a lunch with Republican senators before the vote.

The resolution asks the President not to intrepret the provision on
creditworthiness in the farm legislation as applicable to the Soviet Union and
links most of the guarantees to progress on political reform and Soviet interest
payments on previous guaranteed loans. The resolution provides political cover
for the President now to authorize the loan guarantees, trade officials said.

Senator Bill Bradley, Democrat of New Jersey, led opposition to the resolution.
The Soviet Union is a bad credit risk, he said, guilty of ruthless political
repression and still wed to a highly centralized system of economic management
that results in waste of much of the annual harvest.

Soviet officials have expressed enthusiasm for several years for putting more of
their economy on a free-market footing but have repeatedly shied away from doing
so, Senator Bradley said in an interview after the vote. "This resolution said
we'll send the money and they'll make promises," he added.

Subsidizing grain for the Soviet Union represents interference in that country's
internal politics, he said, by helping President Gorbachev at the expense of the
republics. In addition, he said, the Soviet Union will further postpone its
overdue debt payments to American companies if it is allowed to pile up more
agriculture loans for which the United States Government, a lender with more
leverage than private companies, demands repayment.

M. Ann Tutwiler, the associate director of the International Policy Council on
Agriculture and Trade, a Washington-based group that promotes free trade in farm
products, said that the Soviet leadership's current problems in feeding its
people were a combination of a poor harvest and an inefficient distribution
system. Huge quantities of food are wasted through mismanagement or diverted out
of official channels because of corruption, she said.

Additional credits for the Soviet Union would help farmers in the United States
who are suffering because of low whet prices and large stockpiles.

The resolution also coincides with controversy on Capitol Hill over the cost of
guaranteeing agricultural loans. A study issued on Tuesday by the General
Accounting Office, the Congressional research arm, estimated that foreign
governments would not repay $6.7 billion of the $11.2 billion in guaranteed
loans that they now owe to banks, forcing the United States Government to make
up the difference.

The G.A.O.'s loss estimate included $2 billion in guaranteed loans on which Iraq
has defaulted.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                             288 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Personal contract plans for cars are all the rage now but beware pros and cons

BYLINE: Eddie Cunningham

SECTION: FARMING;FEATURES; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 681 words


THE biggest problem with owning a car these days is not so much its capacity to
break down - but to run up heavy financing costs.

And on farms where margins are tight, borrowing more money may not be feasible.
You notice I say 'owning' a car. That is the critical phrase because
increasingly people are moving away from outright ownership.

Instead they are effectively leasing a new car for, typically, a three-year
span. And then starting all over again. Welcome to the 'leasership' era.

I know it challenges traditional perspectives but there has been a phenomenal
pick-up of it in the market.

And the deal that most people seem to be taking up is a relative newcomer. It's
called PCP or personal contract plan.

If you were to ask me to sum up its attraction in one sentence, it is that
monthly repayments are low.

If you were to ask me to sum up its key deficiency, I would say you will find it
hard to get out of the system and back into 'ownership'.

So what is a PCP? I view it a modern take on a hire-purchase agreement.

You pay a deposit (10pc to 30pc) and make monthly payments (usually for three
years). You agree the mileage you'll clock up. That is critical. I'll come back
to it.

Based partially on that, the car will have a pre-agreed value at the end of the
deal. That is known as the minimum guaranteed value. At the end of the three
years then you can: ÷buy the car outright for that guaranteed value; ÷use the
equity in it for another PCP deal; ÷or hand back the keys and walk away.

Remember, the car is never yours unless you buy it at the end of the term. One
of the reasons PCPs are so popular is really down to necessity for many people.
They weren't able to keep updating their cars during the bad years and by the
time they came to do so found a massive gap between the trade-in value and the
cost of a new one.

Research also shows younger people prefer the lower monthly payment rather than
buying a car outright with an ordinary loan.

It all sounds good so far and if you don't have hang-ups about ownership and if
there are tax benefits as part of the farm business then it could be a major
attraction. Interest rates are relatively low (and well worth haggling over).

However, I see drawbacks. First off, you have to agree the number of kilometres
you are going to clock up over the period of the agreement. This might be a big
problem on a farm.

If you keep to the limit, then fine, your pre-agreed value will hold.

But if you don't there are penalties - so much a kilometre over and above the
agreed.

Of course you can choose a higher limit when doing the deal in the first place.
Just be aware that will lower the guaranteed minimum value of the car at the end
of the three years - naturally enough.

It is also important to realise that if there is any unusual wear and tear you
will be penalised as well.

If, on the other hand, you meet all the terms and conditions you could find that
the car is worth MORE than the minimum guaranteed value on the open market when
the three years are up. So you could - and indeed should - bargain with the
dealer you bought it from. Or go to another one. Wherever you get the best deal.

Suppose the guaranteed value is (EURO)8,000 but equivalent cars are making
(EURO)10,000, then you are entitled to get that. Any dealer worth their salt
will factor that amount in.

That extra cash would give your next deposit a nice boost. Other elements you
should know about: If you have a crash and the cost of the repairs is greater
than 66pc of the original list price you may not get the guaranteed minimum
value.

See how the minimum guaranteed value is so critical? If it is set too low you
will be paying higher monthly instalments to compensate. If set too high you
will have lower payments but may have to top it up to make the next deposit.

Like any of these deals, it is important you are clear on all the details and
the pros and cons of buying straight (cash, bank or credit union loan) or going
PCP or other lease-type arrangement.

Always take plenty of time to scrutinise deals and above all make sure you can
comfortably meet the repayments.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DEAL: There are many options for buying a car nowadays

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             289 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 26, 1982, Friday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. REIMBURSES DEBT OF RUMANIA TO 2 BANKS

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 1, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 682 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 25


In a case similar to that of Poland, the State Department said today that the
Federal Government is reimbursing two private American banks $5.8 million
because Rumania has failed to meet payments due on Federally guaranteed loans
for grain purchases.

But neither the Reagan Administration nor the private American banks handling
the loans to Rumania have moved to declare that country in default, Dean
Fischer, a State Department spokesman, said.

Rumania owes $91 million for grain purchased with guarantees from the
Agriculture Department's Commodity Credit Corporation. That agency also has
guaranteed $1.6 billion in loans over several years for Polish food purchases.
The Administration announced last month that it would reimburse $71 million to
American banks because the Poles had missed that much in repayments.

A Credit Corporation official said the United States had not yet paid the $71
million to the banks because they had not yet formally asked for it. But the
Reagan Administration has notified the banks it will honor the guarantees, the
official explained.

Seeking 'Full Explanation'

Mr. Fischer said the department had learned only Wednesday that the Rumanian
repayments had not been made.

''We are asking them to bring their payments up to date immediately,'' Mr.
Fischer said. ''We are asking our embassy in Bucharest to seek a full
explanation as to why they are late with their payments. We will be asking the
same question of Rumanian representatives here in Washington.''

Asked why the Rumanians were being asked to pay immediately while the Poles were
not, Mr. Fischer said he could not give sny reason.  The official of the credit
corporation said the difference in his agency's handling of the matter was that
the banks had asked for payments on the Rumanian loans. They have not yet asked
for them on the Polish loans, he said.

The Rumanians in the last year have purchased corn, wheat, soybeans and soybean
meal, barley and cattle hides from American commodity exporters with credits
backed by the corpportion. The original three-year credit arrangement was made
by the Carter Administration.

Notifications by Banks

Of the $91 million outstanding, $41.5 is in direct loans from the Commodity
Credit Corporation. The remaining $49.5 million was made through private
American banks and guaranteed by the credit corporation.

Richard Lyng, Deputy Secretary of Agriculture, said today that the First Chicago
International Bank had notified the department on Jan.  30 that the Rumanians
had failed to pay $319,000 due that bank in mid-December. At the bank's request,
the credit corporation refunded this sum to the bank on Tuesday.

The department was notified earlier this month by the European American Bank of
New York City that the Rumanians had failed to pay $5.465 million due by Jan.
15.

A credit corporation official said later that the European American Bank was
scheduled to be paid this amount later.

It will now be up to the Credit Corporation to try to collect these funds
directly from the Rumanians, the official added.  Mr. Lyng said the Rumanians
had been buying American farm commodities for the past 10 years with direct or
guaranteed credits from the Commodity Credit Corporation. They had never missed
on payments before, nor had any of their loans had to be rescheduled, as the
loans to Poland were last summer.

''We have always been eager to sell farm products to them, as we have to the
Poles,'' Mr. Lyng said. ''We have been able to continue offering them credit or
credit guarantees because their payment record has, until now, been
unquestioned.''

But last fall Rumania began having trouble over loan repayments to Western banks
that have extended $11.4 billion in loans without government guarantees. A
tentative agreement was reached in January to postpone payment of some of this
debt.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             290 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Agriculture: Lenders Doubt Adequacy Of U.S. Guarantee Funding

                           October 28, 1999, Thursday

By CRAIG WOKER


Central Illinois banker David Combs turned to the U.S. Department of Agriculture
last summer for a government-guaranteed loan because a farmer wanted to
consolidate debt at a better interest rate.

Mr. Combs, president of the $91 million-asset First National Bank in
Taylorville, Ill., was rebuffed, however -- as were hundreds of other bankers
nationwide. The government program that backs billions of dollars of farm loans
per year had been tapped dry, and Mr. Combs missed out on the farmer's business.

Bankers and their association lobbyists now worry that this cupboard soon will
be bare again -- perhaps by Christmas -- despite the President's signature last
week on an agricultural bill that appropriates funds meant to last 12 months.
The $70 billion measure includes $3 billion for loan guarantees in fiscal year
2000, compared with $2.8 billion allotted in fiscal 1999, which ended Sept. 30.

"The bottom line is that they need to put even more money into those accounts,"
said Mark Scanlan, agricultural affairs director at the Independent Community
Bankers of America. "There's going to be big demand this fall and next spring.
There's not going to be enough money to cover the loan demand."

Almost 5,000 banks in the past two years have used the program operated by the
Agriculture Department's Farm Service Agency to minimize their lending risk.
Bankers worry that low commodity prices, which plagued farmers nationwide in
1998 and 1999, along with this year's Northeast drought and Great Plains
flooding, could lead to increasing defaults.

The guarantee program offsets much of that risk because the Farm Service Agency
backs 90% of most loans. It also helps farmers obtain better rates.

With demand at an all-time high, the government-guaranteed fund ran out of money
twice last fiscal year. This required Congress to appropriate emergency funds to
keep it running.

"You don't have to be a rocket scientist to see that the amount appropriated
this year, coupled with the ongoing strong demand, will put severe pressure on
these funds," said John Blanchfield, manager of agricultural banking and rural
development at the American Bankers Association.

Officials at the Farm Service Agency did not respond to repeated requests for
interviews. But Mr. Blanchfield and others said they are surprised the agency
did not request more money from Congress.

Bankers groups already expect that they will have to ask Congress for money this
fall because agricultural lenders don't believe the problems facing farmers are
going away anytime soon. The Agriculture Department already projects that farm
income this year will be the lowest since 1995 and could fall again next year.

"This year was just the tip of the iceberg," said Mr. Combs, the Illinois
banker. "Next year will be even worse."

Guaranteeing loans is relatively cheap by government standards. The bill signed
by the President includes $8.7 billion for cash payments directly to farmers.
However, Congress needed to set aside only $123 million to pay for the estimated
defaults and other costs associated with guaranteeing $3 billion of loans.

Bankers worry that their farm customers could face great strain if the
government runs out of guarantee money before early spring when farmers make
planting decisions.

"Getting those operating funds when they're needed is very critical," said
Michael Grove, president of $39 million-asset First National Bank of the Rockies
in White Sulphur Springs, Mont. "Farmers have a limited window when they can
plant and need to make plans based on the funds available."

Without government-backed loans, farmers might be out of luck because many banks
won't chance defaults on operating loans, which can range from $100,000 to
$200,000.

"Our farmers' ability to repay is definitely lower today than it was several
years ago, which increases the risk we face," said Marc Meyer, president of the
Adel, Iowa, office of $1.7 billion-asset Brenton Bank. "To make loans in times
like this, we need a partner to guarantee that risk."

Copyright c 1999 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: COMMUNITY/REGIONAL; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 691 words

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 American Banker, Inc.


                             291 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     January 6, 1985, Sunday, Final Edition

Free Veterans' Benefits Targeted;
Administration Seeks New Eligibility Restrictions

BYLINE: By Spencer Rich, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A4

LENGTH: 1032 words


The Reagan administration will propose denying free Veterans Administration
health care to veterans with income above $15,000 a year unless they have
service-connected disabilities, the Office of Management and Budget informed
veterans' groups and Congress last week.

Details of the proposal on veterans came as the White House put finishing
touches on its fiscal 1986 budget and Cabinet members made final appeals against
some of the proposed cuts. The administration also:

Yielded to pleas from Secretary of Agriculture John R. Block to modify a plan
for sudden cuts in farm subsidies. Federal dairy supports would be phased out
over three years instead of one year, in the latest OMB budget proposals. Direct
crop subsidies would be limited to $20,000 per farm in fiscal 1986, to $15,000
the next year and then to $10,000. The current limit is $50,000 per farm. The
OMB's original proposal would have cut it to $10,000 in 1986.

* Decided to allow students whose family income is over $30,000 to obtain
guaranteed student loans -- but without federal subsidy in the interest rate.
Under the administration student-aid proposal, eligibility for various types of
student grants and subsidized guaranteed student loans would be limited to those
with family adjusted gross income of $30,000 or less, and the grants and loans
would be limited to $4,000 per student, per year.

* Decided to proceed with a previously reported plan to make sharp cuts in
benefits to future retirees under the existing civil service retirement system,
including eventually raising the normal retirement age to 65. (Federal workers
with 30 years of service now may retire at age 55 without any loss of pension
benefits.) However, the administration may drop the part of that plan calling
for an increase in employe contributions from 7 percent to 9 percent.

The restrictions on free health care to many veterans would require the approval
of Congress. At present, veterans with medical problems that are not
service-related can receive free care if they are at least 65 regardless of
income. If they are under 65, there is no income test, but they must certify
that they can't pay for the services. The VA does not attempt to verify the
certification.

The administration also will seek to force private health-insurance firms to pay
the VA when a person insured by the company receives VA health care, except for
the treatment of service-connected disabilities, according to administration
documents. It would also seek to require private insurance companies to drop
standard clauses in many policies that declare that the policy will not pay for
care in a government hospital. Similiar insurance proposals have failed to get
through Congress.

Meanwhile, the OMB revealed plans to cut the number of VA hospital beds from
78,805 in 1985 to 65,000 in 1990. Some of the beds would be converted from
acute-care to nursing-home care, so that the latter would rise from 10,765 in
1985 to 20,000 in 1990. Even so, the total of all hospital, nursing-home and
domiciliary-care beds would go down over that period from 97,211 to 92,200.

The proposed cuts became known when the VA received its "passback" document from
the OMB containing OMB's answer to the agency's fiscal 1986 budget request. The
VA request for new budget authority for construction of medical facilities was
cut from $955 million for 1986 to $543 million (which includes some leftover
authority from earlier years). A 1987 request for $1.7 billion was cut to $554
million, and requests of $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion for each of the next three
years were cut to about $600 million each.

The eligibility and insurance provisions plus other changes in VA medical
programs would save the government an estimated $435 million in fiscal 1986,
rising to $948 million annually by 1988 compared with projected outlays under
current policies, according to a document sent to Congress Wednesday.

Veterans' groups say the proposed cuts would slash services as huge numbers of
World War II and Korean War veterans are approaching their 60s and in, the
normal course of aging, will need more care. By 1995, according to figures
commonly used in the veterans' community, two-thirds of all men over 65 will be
veterans, and those over 65 normally need hospitalization two to three times as
often as younger men.

"We share the administration's concern for reducing the national budget deficit,
and we do believe that there are, in fact, ways in which federal outlays can be
reduced and yet still be both fair to veterans and honor the commitment made by
this country to those veterans at the time they fought to defend our freedoms,"
said R. Jack Powell, executive director of the Paralyzed Veterans of America.

"Unfortunately, what we see in this proposal is a shell game. A substantial
number of the veterans excluded from health care under this proposal would, in
fact, show back up at the government door qualified and eligible for federal
subsidy under Medicaid or Medicare, the trust fund for which is already greatly
in trouble," Powell added.

In addition, he said, the idea of converting hospital beds to nursing beds would
not work because unused hospital beds are mainly in the North. "Converting beds
in Buffalo, N.Y., doesn't do any good when the nursing-home needs are in
Florida," he said.

Details of how the $15,000 cutoff would work were not available, but
administration documents indicated that free medical care would continue to be
available to veterans with service-connected disabilities and former prisoners
of war.

For all others, regardless of age, a means test would be applied based on twice
the VA pension ceiling, which the documents indicated meant a $15,000 cutoff.
Those with incomes under $15,000 could get care; those above it could get it
only after they had spent all income in excess of $15,000 on non-VA care.

Powell said another possible scenario being discussed within the administration
is to establish a scale showing how much people with incomes above $15,000 could
afford to pay for various services; they would then have to pay that much for
medical services before free VA services were provided.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                             292 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                           January 5, 2011 Wednesday

'Heartland' bank accepted into guarantee scheme

SECTION: BUSINESS; General

LENGTH: 276 words


Combined Building Society, which is the issuer of deposits for the proposed
'Heartland Bank', has been approved by Treasury to participate in the
government's extended retail deposit guarantee scheme which runs until December
31 this year.

The creation of Combined Building Society followed the merger of Canterbury
Building Society, Southern Cross Building Society and MARAC Finance Limited,
which were already in the extended scheme.

The merged group is looking to become a registered bank.

Under the extended guarantee, institutions can offer guaranteed and non-
guaranteed deposits with guaranteed deposits typically offering lower interest
rates due to the costs of the guarantee.

Other institutions covered by the extended guarantee are Wairarapa Building
Society, Fisher & Paykel Finance and PGG Wrightson Finance.

The extended scheme came into force in October last year when the initial
scheme, which began in October 2008, expired.

The government has already had to make a payout under the extended scheme, after
Equitable Mortgages went into receivership in November owing about NZ$178
million to 6,000 depositors.

Last month Philip Combes, Treasury's deputy secretary of financial operations,
said a total of 38,459 depositors in eight failed companies had been paid about
NZ$1.83 billion under the initial scheme.

The eight guaranteed companies that failed during the initial guarantee period
were Mascot Finance, Strata Finance, Vision Securities, Rockforte Finance,
Viaduct Capital, Mutual Finance, Allied Nationwide Finance and South Canterbury
Finance.

Combes said it was too soon to say what the taxpayer's ultimate tab for the
initial scheme would be.

-

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             293 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 12, 1990, Thursday, Final Edition

Polish Farmers Protest Their Economic Plight;
Tractors Used to Block Main Highways

BYLINE: Blaine Harden, Washington Post Foreign Service

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A25

LENGTH: 854 words

DATELINE: BLONIE, Poland, July 11, 1990


Roman Mosinski, a burly Polish farmer who grows corn but cannot live on the
price his new non-communist government pays him for it, parked his tractor right
in the middle of the main highway that connects Warsaw and Berlin.

In doing so, he joined thousands of other angry farmers today in the boldest
challenge so far to a government that is finding it harder and harder to
persuade Poles that economic sacrifice is an essential condition of free-market
reform.

The farmers used their tractors, their wagons and even their animals to block
nearly every major highway in Poland for two hours to dramatize their demand for
guaranteed prices that will cover the exploding costs of fuel, farm machinery
and fertilizer.

Since the first of the year, farmers have been squeezed between high interest
rates for loans and the failure of bankrupt government cooperatives to pay for
delivered farm produce. In addition, consumer demand has fallen sharply as many
Poles -- responding to the loss of government subsidies and rising food prices
-- cut back on buying groceries.

Here along the Warsaw-Berlin highway, Mosinski scrunched up his round, weathered
face in contempt when asked to assess arguments by the Solidarity-led government
that guaranteed farm prices would cripple an effort to make market forces,
rather than bureaucratic decree, the guiding principle in rebuilding the
country's shattered economy.

Neither could he accept the government's claim that special benefits given to
one group of workers would be at the expense of all others, and the
nine-month-old government's plea for "patience" struck him as insulting.

"Patience! You can't eat patience for breakfast or for dinner. You can only eat
bread," said Mosinski.

Just down the road, Gabriel Janowski, chairman of Rural Solidarity, the farmers'
alliance that organized the blockade, said today's "drastic measure . . .was
just proof of how deep the farmers' problems are."

"This protest must bring results," said Janowski. "We can't have war between
Poland and farmers."

In recent weeks, farmer protests, including occupation of the Ministry of
Agriculture in Warsaw, have forced the government of Prime Minister Tadeusz
Mazowiecki to admit that farm policy has been "sluggish."

Last weekend, Mazowiecki fired the minister of agriculture, arranged concessions
on low-interest loans and promised to restructure the state agency that buys
food from farming communities. However, sticking to the principles of a his
"shock therapy" economic reform program, Mazowiecki vowed not to give in to the
farmers' demands for guaranteed prices.

"We will not talk under coercion," government press spokesman Malgorzata
Niezabitowska said on Polish television last night. "We deplore the farmers'
resorting to methods conflicting with the law, such as blockading roads and
occupying state buildings."

Last month, the government used police to clear a roadblock and remove farmers
from the Ministry of Agriculture. Today, police at the roadblocks took a more
conciliatory line. They said their instructions were to maintain order and
advise motorists of alternate routes.

After sitting for two hours in a mile-long queue on the Warsaw-Berlin highway,
one grumpy motorist complained that farmers are refusing to face up to the
realities of a free-market economy.

"It is pointless to protect many of these small farms. Their production costs
are too high. You have to have a free market, and certain farms have to vanish.
Only the biggest should survive," said Piotr Wiebicki, a 36-year-old Polish
playwright, who lives and works in West Berlin.

Farms in Poland are among the smallest and least mechanized in Europe. One in
every eight citizens here is a farmer. The ratio in West Germany is 1 to 45, in
Great Britain, 1 to 100 and in the United States, 1 to 76.

Although the government has not said so publicly in recent weeks, its senior
economists have argued that the bankruptcy of many thousands of the country's
2.5 million farmers is a necessary part of Poland's economic reform process.

None of this washes with Mosinski and his friends. For a decade, they were
anti-Communist supporters of the Solidarity labor union movement and its
agricultural ally, Rural Solidarity. It has been a source of pride among Polish
farmers that their sector of the economy managed to retain its character and
traditions despite four decades of Communist rule.

According to the men at the roadblocks, the supposed savior of individual
freedom -- an elected government -- is making life harder than ever for farmers,
and they feel betrayed.

Mosinski said he heard from a Solidarity leader at the beginning of the year
that participation in the free market would raise the price of corn to world
market levels, around $ 140 to $ 150 a ton, but the harvest price this summer is
only about $ 6 a ton

Mosinski said that he is willing to bring his tractor out to the highway as many
times as necessary to demonstrate to the government that it has not lived up to
his expectations. "We want to express our dissatisfaction," he said. "This is
the only method we have."


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, POLISH FARMERS BLOCK ROADS DEMANDING HIGHER GUARANTEED PRICES
FOR PRODUCE. REUTER

TYPE: FOREIGN NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 The Washington Post


                             294 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              February 28, 1985, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

HOUSE AND SENATE APPROVE MEASURES TO SPEED FARM AID

BYLINE: By STEVEN V. ROBERTS, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 6; National Desk

LENGTH: 1355 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 27


In the face of a veto threat by President Reagan, the House and the Senate today
approved proposals providing emergency loans for credit-hungry farmers to
finance spring planting.

While Democrats took the lead in pushing the proposals, sizable numbers of
Republicans in both chambers defied White House pressure and voted for what
Larry Speakes, the President's spokesman, called ''budget busting'' measures.
The votes came after weeks of increasingly urgent concern about the farm crisis
on Capitol Hill and an influx of hundreds of lobbyists from Middle Western
states pleading for immediate aid to the Farm Belt.

Senator Charles E. Grassley of Iowa, one of eight Republican Senators to defect
from the party line today, explained his vote his way: ''There is a disaster out
there in agriculture. I can't turn my back on the farmers without turning my
back on 7 out of 10 people in my state whose jobs are directly related to
agriculture.''



Farmers Rally in Iowa

Thousands of farmers who rallied today in Senator Grassley's home state reserved
their loudest cheers for attacks on officials of the Administration and demands
for policy changes to ease their debt burdens and raise farm prices. (Page B7.)

Representative E. Thomas Coleman, a Missouri Republican who co-sponsored the
legislation adopted in the House today, said the White House had made ''somewhat
of a political mistake'' by opposing the aid measures. ''Congress is up for
re-election,'' he noted, ''and we look through different political eyes than the
White House.''

Democrats see the farm issue as their first chance in the new Congress to score
political points against President Reagan and to dramatize their argument that
Administration policies are unfair to middle-class Americans.

Thomas P. O'Neill Jr., the Speaker of the House, told a press briefing today,
''I look at it as the old coalition of the old Democratic Party coming together
when one segment of the economy is in a desperate plight.''

At the White House, Mr. Speakes counterattacked, saying, ''What's happened is
the Democrats cried 'deficit' throughout the campaign all fall and the first
thing they do is send down billions and billions of dollars in extra spending.''

However, politicians from both parties agreed that the Congressional votes today
represented a setback for the Administration and for Bob Dole of Kansas, the new
Senate majority leader. Senator Grassley said he had ''pleaded with Dole,''
urging the leader to allow Republicans to offer their own alternatives ''so we
could be out in front''.

But Mr. Dole, who is up for re-election next year from a farm state, rejected
the plea. Mr. Grassley said, ''He felt we had done enough.''

At the end of the day's proceedings, Mr. Dole took the floor and in a weary
voice said, ''We haven't demonstrated in the Senate that we're prepared to face
up to the deficit - at least today, we haven't.''

Estimates of the costs of the credit move varied considerably.

The first amendment passed by the Senate would provide $100 million to subsidize
interest rates paid by farmers to commercial banks on loans guaranteed by the
Federal Government. In addition, it would liberalize rules in two existing loan
programs that now make them unattractive to both borrowers and lenders.

By a vote of 54 to 45, the Senate attached this amendment to a bill providing
$175 million in aid for starving African countries. Of the eight Republicans who
supported the amendment only one, Lowell P. Weicker Jr. of Connecticut, does not
represent a farm state. Only one Democrat, William Proxmire of Wisconsin,
opposed it.

Early Crop Payments

The second amendment adopted by the Senate would allow farmers to receive
payments now for crops that will be harvested next fall. Normally the payments
are made at harvest time, but farm state lawmakers say the advance payments
would be an additional way of aiding hard-pressed farmers over the next few
weeks.

The vote on this measure was 50 to 48, with 5 Republicans joining 45 Democrats
to approve the bill.

In the House, a sweeping bill was approved that includes the advance payment
feature adopted by the Senate. In addition, it makes many of the procedural
changes that farm state lawmakers say are needed to make the loans programs more
workable.

The House measure, which is a separate piece of legislation, was adopted by 318
to 103. Few Republicans spoke against it on the floor, and 84 Republicans
supported it on final passage.

Credit Linked to Famine Bill

After approving the credit amendments, the Senate voted 62 to 35 to approve the
bill on famine relief and send it to conference with the House, which adopted a
similar famine bill on Tuesday. It was unclear tonight, however, whether
lawmakers who are concerned mainly with agricultural matters would be able to
participate in the conference, and whether the farm amendments would survive.

Representative Coleman, the Missouri Republican, said the program would have to
be in place within two weeks. ''Any later,'' he said, ''and credit will be a
moot point for thousands of farmers who will be out of business.''

Mr. Coleman also predicted that the White House might ''take another look'' at
its veto threat after seeing the ''sizable vote'' cast by Republicans today in
favor of the measures.

Estimates of the cost of the legislation varied today from an Administration
figure of more than $8.7 billion in 1985 to an assertion by Mr. O'Neill that its
cost would come to only $455 million over the next five years.

Estimates on the Cost

The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office said the programs' total charges
against the budget for the current fiscal year would be closer to $3.7 billion.

But Agriculture Secretary John R. Block said Tuesday, ''Nobody can know for sure
how much it will all come to until the money has already been spent.''

If the legislation is signed by the President, Mr. Block said, its cost would
depend on how many farmers sought advanced commodity support loans this spring,
how many defaults there were on federally guaranteed commercial farm loans, and
how many country banks agreed to reduce interest rates on farm loans in return
for matching cuts by the government.

Earlier in the day Senator Dole said the measures were ''never going to become
law.'' And Senator Edward Zorinsky, a Nebraska Democrat, said it was doubtful
that the Senate could override a veto, if Mr. Reagan refused to reconsider his
position.

Initial Administration Move

The Reagan Administration initially proposed a program of $650 million in
guaranteed loans in the election campaign, as the farm credit crisis threatened
to swamp Republicans in key agricultural states.

When Congress reconvened, lawmakers argued that the program was too small, and
too rigid, to be of much help to farmers who were victimized by a combination of
falling land prices, slumping export markets and high interest rates.

Senate Democrats, aided by some Republicans, organized a filibuster against the
nomination of Edwin Meese 3d as Attorney General last week, and demanded action
on an expanded credit program. The Administration agreed to lift the $650
million cap and said it would make ''adequate'' funds available to any qualified
loan applicants. It also eased some of the regulations that were making the
program difficult to use.

At that point Mr. Dole argued that Congress had solved the credit problem and
should not do anything else. But Senate Democrats would not release the Meese
nomination until the majority leader agreed to allow them to offer the
amendments they proposed today.

Even though the White House had agreed to an unspecified increase in available
loan funds, the House bill would explicitly raise the level to $3 billion, and
the Senate version would increase it to $2.45 billion.

Republican leaders argue that the credit measures set a bad precedent on the
first major issue of the year, and will undermine attempts by Congress to agree
on the ''main event,'' in Mr. Dole's phrase, a budget-reduction package.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             295 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                            January 17, 2012 Tuesday
                                 Final EDITION

Durham law firm spearheading farmers' discrimination claims

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 568  words


DURHAM - Farming is in Marion Keeling's blood, she said, and it was what she
wanted to do when she was younger. She grew up helping her grandfather on his
farm, and later tried to farm on her own.

But, Keeling, who now lives in Chesapeake, Va., said she got the run-around when
she tried to apply for a U.S. Department of Agriculture loan to help her buy

see claims/page a2

equipment she needed.

Without a tractor and other equipment of her own, she said the land she had
rented to farm became overgrown, and she ended up leaving North Carolina to
start over.

"I was able to rent land, but I couldn't use it as planned," Keeling said.

She was one of 220 people scheduled to sit down with attorneys at a meeting on
Monday organized by a Durham-based law firm to help with the process of filing
discrimination claims.

In December of 2010, President Obama signed a bill that provided $1.15 billion
to help settle the claims of people who had missed an earlier filing deadline
for a class-action lawsuit between black farmers and the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.

That lawsuit, settled in 1999, alleged that the department discriminated against
black farmers who had applied for, or tried to apply for, loans or other farm
benefits between 1981 and 1996, according to a department news release.

The funding approved in December 2010 was in addition to $100 million already
set aside to help settle claims of people who missed that deadline.

"Nobody here is guaranteed a payment," said Eric Sanchez, chief operating
officer for the Law Offices of James Scott Farrin, the Durham-based firm that
hosted Monday's meeting. "They're guaranteed their case being heard."

Sanchez said new claims were filed starting in November, and the final deadline
is in May. Only black farmers who tried to file late claims are eligible to
file. Around 4,000 North Carolinians met that requirement, he said.

"It's a massive undertaking," said Jim Farrin, an attorney who is president and
CEO of the firm, which he said is known for its personal injury work, but is one
of several firms appointed to act as counsel to help people file claims.

Farrin said the firm has already taken part in meetings in 21 states and in
Washington, D.C., to help people file claims. He said they're doing that work
without up-front payment, with the expectation that the court will award
attorneys' fees.

"We've been four years working on this, (we) haven't been paid, (we've) borrowed
actually millions of dollars \x85 to help the claimants throughout the country,"
Farrin said.

In Keeling's case, she said she tried to apply for a U.S. Department of
Agriculture loan to use it for equipment, seed, and other needs in 1983, but
both times she went to get an application, she was told they didn't have any.

She said she was able to fill out an application obtained by someone else, but
after it was submitted, she said she was told there was no record of her
application.

Dennis Fullwood of Duplin County was also one of the potential claimants who
attended the meeting in Durham on Monday. He also said farming has been a
tradition in his family, but he said he went to work in textiles when he ran
into obstacles.

Fullwood said he tried to apply for a loan to buy land for turkey and chicken
houses, was denied, and didn't understand why.

"You have to do something to make a living," he said, speaking of why he went to
work in textiles. "A lot of us gave up," he added.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             296 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 11, 2016 Monday

Washington: Filing a Notice of Loss

LENGTH: 743 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 The CCC-576, Notice of Loss, is used to report failed acreage and prevented
planting and may be completed by any producer with an interest in the crop.
Timely filing a Notice of Loss is required for all crops including grasses. For
losses on crops covered by the Non-Insured Crop Disaster Assistance Program
(NAP), you must file a CCC-576, Notice of Loss, in the FSA County Office within
15 days of the occurrence of the disaster or when losses become apparent.  If
filing for prevented planting, an acreage report and CCC-576 must be filed
within 15 calendar days of the final planting date for the crop.



 Beginning Farmer Loans



 FSA assists beginning farmers to finance agricultural enterprises. Under these
designated farm loan programs, FSA can provide financing to eligible applicants
through either direct or guaranteed loans. FSA defines a beginning farmer as a
person who:



     Has operated a farm for not more than 10 years

     Will materially and substantially participate in the operation of the farm

     Agrees to participate in a loan assessment, borrower training and financial
management program sponsored by FSA

     Does not own a farm in excess of 30 percent of the county's average size
farm.



 Additional program information, loan applications, and other materials are
available at your local USDA Service Center.  You may also visit
www.fsa.usda.gov.

 Loan Servicing



 There are options for Farm Service Agency loan customers during financial
stress. If you are a borrower who is unable to make payments on a loan, contact
your local FSA Farm Loan Manager to learn about the options available to you.

 FSA Interest Rates for April



 Farm Operating Loans - Direct = 2.25%

 Farm Ownership Loans - Regular = 3.50%

 Farm Ownership Loans - BF/SDA Down Payment = 1.50%

 Farm Ownership Loans - Joint Financing = 2.50%

 Emergency Loans - Actual Loss = 3.25%

 Facility Loans - 7 yr. = 1.625%

 Commodity - 9 month = 1.625%

 CRP Payment Limitation



 Payments and benefits received under the Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) are
subject to the following:

    - payment limitation by direct attribution

    - foreign person rule

    - average adjusted gross income (AGI) limitation



 The 2014 Farm Bill continued the $50,000 maximum CRP payment amount that can be
received annually, directly or indirectly, by each person or legal entity.  This
payment limitation includes all annual rental payments and incentive payments
(Sign-up Incentive Payments and Practice Incentive Payments).  Annual rental
payments are attributed (earned) in the fiscal year in which program performance
occurs.  Sign-up Incentive Payments (SIP) are attributed (earned) based on the
fiscal year in which the contract is approved, not the fiscal year the contract
is effective.  Practice Incentive Payments (PIP) are attributed (earned) based
on the fiscal year in which the cost-share documentation is completed and the
producer or technical service provider certifies performance of practice
completion to the county office.



 Such limitation on payments is controlled by direct attribution.



      Program payments made directly or indirectly to a person are combined with
the pro rata interest held in any legal entity that received payment, unless the
payments to the legal entity have been reduced by the pro rata share of the
person.

     Program payments made directly to a legal entity are attributed to those
persons that have a direct and indirect interest in the legal entity, unless the
payments to the legal entity have been reduced by the pro rata share of the
person.

     Payment attribution to a legal entity is tracked through four levels of
ownership.  If any part of the ownership interest at the fourth level is owned
by another legal entity, a reduction in payment will be applied to the payment
entity in the amount that represents the indirect interest of the fourth level
entity in the payment entity.   Essentially, all payments will be "attributed"
to a person's Social Security Number.  Given the current CRP annual rental rates
in many areas, it is important producers are aware of how CRP offered acreages
impact their $50,000 annual payment limitation.  Producers should contact their
local FSA office for additional information.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             297 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Indianapolis Business Journal

                                 March 13, 2006

Federal farm lending could shrivel under latest budget;
Banking associations oppose proposed fee increases

BYLINE: SCOTT OLSON SOLSON@IBJ.COM

SECTION: FOCUS; Vol. 27; No. 1; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 763 words


Brent Kerns likes to compare the U.S. Department of Agriculture's lending
program to that of the Small Business Administration's. In short, the USDA helps
farmers the way the SBA assists small-business owners.

But if a proposal to cut the budget of the farm loan program is approved, it
could become as expensive to use as the SBA's offering. Supporters fear a hike
in user fees would hurt those who need the money the most.

That cost goes straight to the farmer, said Kerns, the USDA's Indiana farm loan
program chief. We are not in favor of that.

Under the Farm Service Agency, the USDA guaranteed nearly $ 2 billion worth of
unsubsidized loans last year to America's farmers. The federal government backs
90 percent of loan amounts to protect lenders from debtors who default. The
program is meant to give banks an incentive to lend to riskier borrowers.

It provided $ 32 million in 2005 to cover bad loans and budgeted $ 41 million
this year. Under the current proposal, however, that figure would plummet to
only $ 2 million in 2007. To compensate, program fees paid by banks, which are
passed on to borrowers, would more than double.

The loans are used mostly for land purchases and operating expenses related to
machinery and livestock needs. Farmers normally receive loans before the spring
planting season and pay them back following the fall harvest. The average loan
amount is roughly $ 200,000. The line of credit is good for five years, and
farmers can draw upon it annually.

Banks pay 1 percent of the loan amount, which the government uses to guarantee
the transactions. So, for a $ 200,000 loan, a fee of about $ 2,000 is assessed
and passed to the borrower. Under the proposal, however, that amount would more
than double, increasing the cost of credit, said Mark Scanlan, the Independent
Community Bankers of America's director of agriculture and rural policy.

This program is considered the lender of last resort, Scanlan said. You're
taking borrowers in a more tenuous credit situation and asking them to pay
higher fees to get the credit.

Compounding the concerns is that farmers would pay the higher fees every year
they draw upon their lines of credit, Scanlan said. For guaranteed loans, they
can borrow up to $ 852,000 annually.

The fee increase is expected to produce about $ 30 million in savings in 2007
and $ 300 million during the next decade, according to the FSA. Despite the
pending fee increases, the agency still expects almost 12,000 farmers to receive
loans under the guarantee program in 2007. In 2005, 10,330 farmers took
advantage of the program, according to the FSA.

Teresa Lasseter, FSA administrator, said the proposed cuts, which the agency
supports, are part of the Bush administration's effort to reduce the deficit. An
increase would bring fees more in line with those of the SBA loan programs,
Lasseter said.

The Washington, D.C.-based ICBA and American Bankers Association are among the
critics that wrote a letter last month to members of the House and Senate
Committees on Agriculture deriding the new fees.

The budget proposal is subject to a public comment period, which is undetermined
at this time. The decision to raise fees ultimately will rest with the Office of
Management and Budget. The banking associations are lobbying legislators to
denounce the cuts.

Because the loans are delivered by the private sector, administrative costs to
the federal government are negligible, they contend. Loan losses in the program
are low, they further argue, keeping costs in check.

Indeed, Indiana farmers last year borrowed $ 63 million from banks, Kerns said.
Yet less than 1 percent defaulted on their loans. That figure has been constant
the past 20 years.

A few of the larger participants of the program in Indiana include Bath State
Bank, First Farmers Bank & Trust in Converse and Fowler State Bank. Midwest Ag
Finance in Rushville, which operates solely by making loans to farmers, also is
a user. The higher fees could lead to shriveling credit resources for farmers
who depend upon them most, said Jerry Nickel, president of the Rushville lender.

When we talk about public-private partnerships, this has worked fairly well, and
we're making it less attractive, he said. It would be particularly hard on
young, beginning farmers.

Kent Yeager, director of government relations for the Indiana Farm Bureau,
concurred. He finds the proposed cuts especially troubling, given the declining
ranks of young farmers.

Yeah, they're at risk, Yeager said, but they have a good opportunity to make it.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2006 IBJ Corporation


                             298 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Evening Sun (Hanover, Pennsylvania)

                              July 18, 2008 Friday

Farm loans for disadvantaged

BYLINE: EVENING SUN ONLINE

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 197 words


The Farm Service Agency can make and guarantee loans to socially disadvantaged
applicants to buy and operate family-size farms and ranches. Funds specifically
for these loans are reserved each year.

A socially disadvantaged farmer is one of a group whose members have been
subjected to racial, ethnic or gender prejudice. For purposes of this program,
socially disadvantaged groups are women, African Americans, American Indians and
Alaskan natives, Hispanics and Asians and Pacific Islanders.

Direct loans are made to applicants by FSA and include both farm-operating and
farm-ownership loans.

Guaranteed loans also may be made for ownership or operating purposes.
Typically, FSA guarantees 90 or 95 percent of a loan against any loss that might
be incurred if the loan fails.

Individuals, partnerships, joint operations, corporations, and cooperatives
primarily and directly engaged in farming and ranching on family-size operations
may apply. A family-size farm is considered to be one that a family can operate
and manage itself.

For more information or to apply, contact Adams County Farm Service Agency, 670
Old Harrisburg Road, Suite 203, Gettysburg, PA 17325; (717) 334-4216, ext. 2.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             299 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Big Rigs

                                November 9, 2012

Growing client base moves workshop to Eagle Farm

SECTION: Pg. 28

LENGTH: 349  words


DARWENS Auto Body Repair was established 30 years ago. And after consolidating
its Albion and West End workshops it has relocated to Eagle Farm.

Owner John Boukouras said it was a growing client base that led to the move.

Darwens is now able to cater for heavy vehicle repairs in Eagle Farm.

Mr Boukouras said it was the Darwens trade experience, latest equipment and
customer service that sets it apart from other auto body repair businesses.

Darwens offers loan cars, 24-hour assistance and lifetime guaranteed
workmanship.

"With experienced staff and updated equipment, you can rest assured knowing that
your vehicle will be managed with the greatest of care, repairs are carried out
to factory specifications of manufacturers' standard and yours," he said.

Darwens can accommodate servicing and mechanical for cars and trucks and is able
to steam clean and detail cars and trucks.

No job is too hard, big or small. Darwens services major fleet clients and
mining vehicles as well as trucks, trailers, machinery plant and equipment, and
for a competitive price can re-brand your fleet.

Mr Boukouras said major collision repairs, parts replacement, accessorising,
air-conditioning, major chassis repairs and light dents were everyday jobs for
Darwens.

Quotes can be provided on-site and free on request and Darwens can organise pick
up and delivery and free towing in most cases.

"Loan vehicles are available through Darwens at no extra charge," Mr Boukouras
said.

"We will arrange a replacement car for all non-drivable vehicles at first
contact, subject to availability, and in some cases the next working day."

Meanwhile 24-hour accident assistance and towing is part of the service.

All Darwens' work is guaranteed, combined with insurance guarantees so your
vehicles will travel correctly and keep you safe.

"We have a network of repairers interstate and can provide the same level of
service no matter where you are in Australia," Mr Boukouras said.

VISIT ONLINE

The Darwens website is easy to navigate and the online quote system means faster
processing for claims and inquiries. Visit darwens.com.au.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IBR


                    Copyright 2012 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             300 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                             August 13, 2004 Friday

Farm Briefs

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 175 words


Loans online

Farmers seeking federal loans from the Farm Service Agency may meet their needs
a bit quicker beginning next week.

That's when bankers and FSA staff will be able to process loans via the
Internet.

FSA and many representatives of 760 banks, credit unions and Farm Credit Service
Associations have received training on the new guaranteed loan software. FSA
annually administers about $16 billion in loans to U.S. farmers.

By 2005, farmers should be able to access the Web site to update information on
their operations, view farm income/net worth projections and apply for agency
loans.

SMV signs

Town and Country Helpers 4-H Club at Piper City is selling new slow moving
vehicle (SMV) signs for $5.

The new signs are required by law to be on farm equipment traveling on public
roads by Sept. 1. State law dictates that the symbols be used for increased
visibility by other rural drivers.

Town and Country Helpers are offering the signs as a community service project.
For more information, call the Larry Thorndyke family at (815) 686-2729.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The Pantagraph


                             301 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 17, 2015 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Reserve Account

LENGTH: 2207  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:

Rules and Regulations Federal Register
________________________________________________________________________ This
section of the FEDERAL REGISTER contains regulatory documents having general
applicability and legal effect, most of which are keyed to and codified in the
Code of Federal Regulations, which is published under 50 titles pursuant to 44
U.S.C. 1510. The Code of Federal Regulations is sold by the Superintendent of
Documents. Prices of new books are listed in the first FEDERAL REGISTER issue of
each week.
======================================================================== Federal
Register / Vol. 80, No. 116 / Wednesday, June 17, 2015 / Rules and Regulations
[[Page 34531]] DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Housing Service 7 CFR Part 3560
RIN 0575-AC99 Reserve Account AGENCY: Rural Housing Service, USDA. ACTION: Final
rule. -----------------------------------------------------------------------
SUMMARY: The Rural Housing Service (RHS or ``Agency'') is amending its
regulation to change the requirements of the reserve account for direct
Multifamily Housing (MFH) loans. The intended effect of this action is to
address the reserve account requirement of the Agency to countersign with the
borrower when a Section 538 guaranteed loan is involved, and to also clarify
that reserve account funds cannot be used to pay for fees associated with the
Section 538 guaranteed loan program. DATES: The effective date for this final
rule is August 17, 2015. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Tammy S. Daniels,
Financial and Loan Analyst, Multi-Family Housing Guaranteed Loan Division, Rural
Housing Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, STOP 0781, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0781, Telephone: (202) 720-0021 (this is not a
toll-free number); email: tammy.daniels@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
Executive Order 12866--Classification This rule has been determined to be not
significant and, therefore, was not reviewed by the Office of Management and
Budget under Executive Order 12866. Executive Order 12988--Civil Justice Reform
This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform.
If this rule is adopted: (1) Unless otherwise specifically provided, all State
and local laws that are in conflict with this rule will be preempted; (2) no
retroactive effect will be given to this rule except as specifically prescribed
in the rule; and (3) administrative proceedings of the National Appeals Division
of the U.S. Department of Agriculture (7 CFR part 11) must be exhausted before
bringing suit. Executive Order 13132--Federalism The policies contained in this
rule do not have any substantial direct effect on States, on the relationship
between the national government and the States, or on the distribution of power
and responsibilities among the various levels of government. Nor does this rule
impose substantial direct compliance costs on State and local governments.
Therefore, consultation with States is not required. Executive Order 13175,
Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal Governments This executive
order imposes requirements on Rural Development (RD) in the development of
regulatory policies that have tribal implications or preempt tribal laws. RD has
determined that the final rule does not have a substantial direct effect on one
or more Indian tribe(s) or on either the relationship or the distribution of
powers and responsibilities between the Federal Government and Indian tribes.
Thus, this final rule is not subject to the requirements of Executive Order
13175. If a tribe determines that this rule has implications of which RD is not
aware and would like to engage with RD on this rule, please contact RD's Native
American Coordinator at: AIAN@wdc.usda.gov Regulatory Flexibility Act The rule
has been reviewed with regard to the requirements of the Regulatory Flexibility
Act (5 U.S.C. 601-612). The undersigned has determined and certified by
signature on this document that this rule will not have a significant economic
impact on a substantial number of small entities. This rulemaking action does
not involve a new or expanded program nor does it require any more action on the
part of a small business than required of a large entity. Paperwork Reduction
Act The information collection requirements contained in this regulation have
been approved by OMB and have been assigned OMB control number 0575-0189. There
are no new reporting and recordkeeping requirements associated with this
regulatory action. E-Government Act Compliance RHS is committed to complying
with the E-Government Act by promoting the use of the Internet and other
information technologies in order to provide increased opportunities for citizen
access to Government information, services, and other purposes. Unfunded Mandate
Reform Act (UMRA) This rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory
provisions of Title II of the UMRA) for State, local and tribal Governments or
the private sector. Therefore, this rule is not subject to the requirements of
sections 202 and 205 of the UMRA. Environmental Impact Statement This document
has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G, ``Environmental
Program.'' RHS determined that the action does not constitute a major Federal
action significantly affecting the quality of the environment. Therefore, in
accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969, Pub. L. 91-190,
an Environmental Impact Statement is not required. Programs Affected The
programs affected by this regulation are listed in the Catalog of Federal
Domestic Assistance under numbers 10.405--Farm Labor Housing Loans and Grants;
10.415--RRH Loans; and 10.427--Rural Rental Assistance Payments. Executive Order
12372--Intergovernmental Consultation These loans are subject to the provisions
of Executive Order 12372, which require intergovernmental [[Page 34532]]
consultation with State and local officials. RHS conducts intergovernmental
consultations for each loan in accordance with 2 CFR part 415, subpart C. I.
Background Information Reserve accounts are established by the recipient of
direct MFH loans (the ``borrower'') to meet the major capital expenses of a
housing project. The amount of the payments to the reserve account is
established in the loan documents, beginning with the first loan payment or the
date specified in the loan documents. The current requirement at 7 CFR
3560.306(e)(2) states that reserve accounts require the Agency to countersign
with the borrower on all withdrawals. The Section 538 Guaranteed Rural Rental
Housing (GRRH) program often provides funding to an existing direct MFH loan
property. Loan funds provided by the lender and guaranteed by the GRRH program
are critical to the rehabilitation and preservation of older existing direct MFH
loan properties. The GRRH program regulation at 7 CFR 3565.402(a) requires that
all property reserve accounts be held by the lender, which eliminates the
unauthorized use of these funds by the borrower since the borrower does not have
access to the funds. When an approved Section 538 lender lends funds to an
existing direct MFH loan-financed property, this brings 7 CFR 3560.306 and
3565.402 into conflict, pitting the requirement for the Agency to countersign
for funds pursuant to 7 CFR 3560.306, against the requirement that lenders have
unfettered control of funds consistent with 7 CFR 3565.402. The GRRH program
loan guarantees are sold on the secondary market as long as the loan is closed
and is not in default. In most cases, the Section 538 loans on direct MFH loan
-financed properties are transferred to Ginnie Mae. Ginnie Mae requires that
property reserve accounts be pledged as collateral for the loan and that it has
unfettered access to those accounts. In order to meet this secondary market
requirement, the reserve accounts must be titled exclusively in the lender's
name. In order to meet Ginnie Mae's requirements, the reserve accounts cannot be
countersigned with any other party. Requiring the Agency's signature on all
withdrawals ensures that the borrower does not have uncontrolled use of the
funds and this requirement will remain unchanged for properties that only have
direct MFH loans. However, this amendment would relieve the Agency of its
countersignature responsibility for properties with Section 538 funding, and
thereby comply with Ginnie Mae's requirements, described above. The Agency's
interest in the reserve accounts would still be protected by the change being
made in the regulation, since the lender is required to get prior Agency
approval before funds disbursement. Therefore, funds from the lender- controlled
reserve account cannot be used for items not agreed to by the Agency.
Additionally, RHS is amending 7 CFR 3560.306(g) to clarify that reserve account
funds cannot be used to pay fees associated with the loan guarantee. Lenders are
currently using the replacement reserve account to pay fees associated with the
loan guarantee, i.e., the annual renewal fee. These fees are considered a
project expense and must be paid from the operating account, not the replacement
reserve account. II. Discussion of the Comments Received The Agency received
three responses to the proposed rule published in the Federal Register on August
13, 2014, (79 FR 47383). The comments came from RD employees who work with the
RD Multi-Family Housing programs. The topics of discussion included: Putting in
language regarding the Section 514/516 Farm Labor Housing program; including all
lenders in the amendment, not just Section 538 lenders; and, providing
additional guidance on how to implement the new requirements involving direct
MFH/538 transactions. The comments were as follows: 1. One commenter wanted the
Agency to address how the release of the reserves will be internally
implemented. The Agency will address this in our internal guidance, HB-1-3565,
on how to implement reserve requirements on direct MFH loan transactions. 2. One
commenter requested that the proposed rule change include language to reflect
that the Section 514/516 Farm Labor Housing loan and grant program transactions
be included in the final rule. The rule has been changed to reflect that it
pertains to all direct Multi-family housing loans; therefore, references to
Section 515 loans have been replaced with ``direct MFH loans.'' 3. One commenter
requested that the amendment address all lenders, not just Section 538 lenders,
when loan funds are leveraged for the construction and/or rehabilitation of
project involving direct MFH loans. The agency will not make a change to address
all lenders through this regulation change because the change is only intended
to resolve the conflict between 7 CFR parts 3560 and 3565. In other words, the
Agency will only address transactions involving an approved Section 538 lender.
In a direct MFH loan transaction involving lenders other than a Section 538
lender, the rules in 7 CFR 3560.306 will prevail so that the direct MFH loan
borrower will maintain control of the reserve account through supervised bank
accounts. List of Subjects in 7 CFR Part 3560 Accounting, Administrative
practice and procedure, Aged, Farm labor housing, Foreclosure, Grant
programs--Housing and community development, Government property management,
Handicapped, Insurance, Loan programs--Agriculture, Loan programs--Housing and
community development, Low and moderate income housing, Migrant labor,
Mortgages, Nonprofit organizations, Public housing, Rent subsidies, Reporting
and recordkeeping requirements, Rural housing. Therefore, chapter XXXV, title 7
of the Code of Federal Regulations, is amended as follows: PART 3560--DIRECT
MULTI-FAMILY HOUSING LOANS AND GRANTS 0 1. The authority citation for part 3560
continues to read as follows: Authority: 42 U.S.C. 1480. Subpart G--Financial
Management 0 2. Amend Sec. 3560.306 by revising paragraph (e)(2) and adding
paragraph (g)(5) to read as follows: Sec. 3560.306 Reserve account. * * * * *
(e) * * * (2) Reserve accounts must be supervised accounts that require the
Agency to countersign on all withdrawals; except, this requirement is not
applicable when loan funds guaranteed by the Section 538 GRRH program are used
for the construction and/or rehabilitation of a direct MFH loan project. Direct
MFH loan borrowers, who are exempted from the supervised account and
countersigned requirement, as described above, must follow Section 538 GRRH
program regulatory requirements pertaining to reserve accounts. In all cases,
Section 538 lenders must get prior written approval from the Agency before
reserve account funds involving a direct MFH loan project can be disbursed to
the borrower. * * * * * (g) * * * [[Page 34533]] (5) Funds from the replacement
reserve account cannot be used to pay any fees associated with the Section 538
GRRH loan guarantee, as determined by the Agency. * * * * * Dated: May 18, 2015.
Tony Hernandez, Administrator, Rural Housing Service. [FR Doc. 2015-14783 Filed
6-16-15; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             302 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cheney Free Press (Washington)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 29, 2012

Farm Service Agency offering loans to minority and women producers

BYLINE: Cheney Free Press staff

LENGTH: 148  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency announced last Tuesday,
March 20, that it has a portion of its farm loan program specifically allocated
for minority and women producers.

Loan funds can be used to purchase farms, livestock and equipment. They may also
be used to operate the farm, build or repair farm service buildings, pay for
soil and water conservation practices and in some cases refinance debts. FSA
offers both direct and guaranteed loans.

The terms for direct loans made by FSA to purchase a farm may extend to 40 years
with a current interest rate of 3.375 percent. Special programs are available
for participation with a commercial lender.

For rates, terms and down payment requirements, please call the local FSA
office.

More information about these programs in Eastern Washington is available by
contacting Houston Bruck, farm loan manager at 509-924-7380.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CFP

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2012 Cheney Free Press


                             303 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Ag Lenders Worried By Prospects for '94

                          January 12, 1994, Wednesday

By BARBARA F. BRONSTIEN


MANY AGRICULTURAL LENDERS, according to a survey, hold out little hope for the
farm economy in 1994.

According to the November survey by the American Bankers Association of those
attending its annual National Agricultural Bankers Conference, 44% of 193
respondents predicted a worse year for 1994 and 22% were uncertain. About 30%
forecast a good year.

The 48% of respondents from the flood-ravaged Midwest probably were responsible
for much of the pessimism, says Jeff Plagge, chairman of the ABA's agricultural
bankers division executive committee. 'It Was Pure Speculation'

"The circumstances were so extreme in '93, I think people's reaction could be
different today because the survey was held right before the harvest," said Mr.
Plagge, who also is executive vice president of First State Bank in Webster
City, Iowa.

Responses would be less negative today because both lenders and farmers have a
better grip on their situations, Mr. Plagge said.

"They didn't know what kind of yield they'd have," he said. "In November, it was
pure speculation."

About 45% of respondents reported an increase in delinquencies and past-due
payments because of flooding or excessive moisture. Focus on Regulatory
Environment

Half of those responding reported a decrease in the number of creditworthy
borrowers in their area in the past year.

However, 56% expected more customers this year.

The survey also found:

* The regulatory environment for banks will be the most important issue this
year, according to 43% of those responding.

About 16% cited rural development and 13% pointed to loan volume.

* Nearly all respondents said there was enough farm credit in their area.

* About 47% of respondents expected their banks to adopt the Farm Financial
Standards recently devised by an industry study group.

* About 57% of the responding lenders said that the Farmers Home
Administration's certified lender program will not enable them to make more farm
loans guaranteed by the agency.

Overall, 47% of respondents expected their banks to make more Farmers Home
Administration-guaranteed loans this year.

* Regarding the new federal regulations on real-estate appraisals, half of
respondents said there are not enough appraisers in their lending area.

* About 88% expected the requirements to generate higher loan costs. About 39%
placed the increase between $200 and $500; 23% put it between $500 and $700.

* Three-fourths said there was a shortage of beginning farmers in their area.

* Environmental liability laws have affected whether 77% of respondents make a
loan. But 80% haven't had to pay cleanup costs on contaminated
collateral/property.

* Understanding futures, options, and other market strategies was important to
90% of those responding.

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 462 words

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1994 American Banker, Inc.


                             304 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 6, 2014 Saturday

Farm Service Agency programs available

BYLINE: Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 324 words


Sept. 06--The Farm Service Agency has a program to assist beginner farmers and
or members of socially disadvantaged groups to finance agricultural enterprises.

nder these designated farm loan programs, FSA can provide financing to eligible
applicants through either direct or guaranteed loans. FSA defines a beginning
farmer as a person who:

--Has operated a farm for not more than 10 years.

--Will materially and substantially participate in the operation of the farm.

--Agrees to participate in a loan assessment, borrower training, and financial
management program sponsored by FSA.

--Except for operating loan assistance, does not own farm acreage in excess of
30 percent of the county's average size farm, in the county where the farm is
located.

--Each member of an entity must meet the eligibility requirements. Loan approval
is also dependent on acceptable feasibility and security determinations..

Additional program information, loan applications, and other materials are
available at any local Farm Service Agency.

FSA also makes loans to individual youths to establish and operate
income-producing projects of modest size in connection with their participation
in 4-H clubs, FFA, and similar organizations. Each project must be part of an
organized and supervised program of work designed to provide practical business
and educational experience. The project must be planned and operated with the
help of the organization adviser and produce sufficient income to repay the
loan.

A youth loan is available to those between the ages 10 and 20 years.

The maximum loan amount is $5,000.

Money may be used to buy livestock, seed, equipment and supplies or buy, rent or
repair needed tools and equipment and pay operating expenses for the project.

For more information, call any FSA office and dial ext. 2.

___ (c)2014 the Daily Gazette (Sterling, Ill.) Visit the Daily Gazette
(Sterling, Ill.) at www.saukvalley.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140906-YG-Farm-Service-Agency-programs-available-0906-20140906

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2014 Daily Gazette


                             305 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Farm Lenders Bring Credit Plan To Washington;
Wish to Kill Pending Reagan Program, Decrease Interest Rates on Loans

                          February 6, 1985, Wednesday

By ANDREW ALBERT

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The nation's farm lenders are desperately searching for ways to continue lending
while at the same time bailing out themselves and their borrowers, who are about
to enter an expensive spring planting season.

On Tuesday, the Independent Bankers Association of America unveiled its own farm
credit plan - one0tTat is similar to a package devised by the larger American
Bankers Association but will probably draw more opposition.

The independent bankers group, which represents about 3,000 agricultural
lenders, is largely concerned wItv killing the Reagan administration's loan
''forgiveness'' program, which is due to take effect this week.

In order to receive a loan guarantee under the Reagan program, banks must reduce
either a farmer's annual interest chsrges or his debt principal - or a
combination of the two - by at least 10%.

Members of the independent bankers group said at a press conference Tuesday that
they simply can't afford the effects of the administration's forgivenessplan.
''If they ask us to forgive, that means - regardless of the success of that
operator - we've forgiven that loan,'' said Thomas H. Olson, who is president of
the Lisco State Bank, Lisco, Neb. He is also the chairi!w of the IBAA's
agriculture committee.

As an alternative, the small bankers group has endorsed a plan that is based
largely on an arrangement in which the banks and the federal government would
''buy down'' or reduce inde'est rates charged on farm loans. ''It's a way to
make it possible for the farmer and lender to stay involved with the
situation,'' Mr. Olson said.

The IBAA plan calls for:

* Removing the administration's loan-forgiveness features and increasing the
funding for federal loan guarantees to $3 billion from the $650 million already
approved by Congress.

* Establishing a joint private-government buydown program, aimed at reducing the
interest2rate to qualifying farmers by at least 4%. The IBAA estimates that such
a program would cost the federal government about $100 million in order to match
the banks' 2% buydown of rates. The group said it would also encourage farm
states to further reduce rates for farmers located within their borders.

A $100 million outlay program would enable $5 million of farm loans to be
included in the 4% buydown, according to the trade group's calculations.

IBAA members are here this week promoting their plan to lawmakers on Capitol
Hill, Agriculture Department officials, and Federal Reserve Chairman Paul A.
Volcker. Testify before the Congressional Joint Economic Committee on ,uesday,
the Fed chief characterized the agricultural banking problem as an asset
problem, rather than a capital or liquidity shortfall.

Given Washington's prevailing budget-cutting climate, the IBAA's $250 million
plan could get a cool reception at the White House and in Congress. In addition
to the $100 billion federal cost of buying down interest rates, the independent
bankers say the government would need to kick in another $150 million to cover
the costs of guaranteed loans that fail.

With spring planting season only about 60 days away and operating ,ohns in
demand, members of the American Bankers Association fear that the plan
introduced by the independent group couldn't be established quickly, or cheaply,
enough.

''We don't know if that is doable in 1985,'' said Ken§eth Lee, an agricultural
lending specialist with the ABA. He said his group devised its own farm credit
program that is more sensitive to budget-cutting concerns.

Like the independent bankers, the ABA also seeks an increase in loan guarantees
from the Farmers Home Administration, but the similarities between the two trade
group proposals seem to end there.''

The crux of the ABA proposal lies in a five-year period during which banks would
forego earnings on outstanding loans by writing down the interest, principal, or
a combination of both. Under that proposal, the FmHA administration would
guarantee 90% of an operating loan if the credit was written down to the
prevailing rate on FmHA loans, which is now 10.25%.

In addition, loan guarantee fees would not be passed along to the borrower but
would be paid for by the bank. ''The only place the government would share in
the cost of the program is in the event that the guaranteed loan failed,'' said
Mr. Lee of the ABA.

Both the independent bBJkers and the American Bankers Association agree there is
little time to wait. Mr. Olson of the IBAA predicted that 5% to 8% of Nebraska's
farmers will be out of business by the end of this year, ''with or without a
government program.'' And, he said, another 5% to 10% of the state's farmers
will be wiped out without a stronger loan guarantee program.

He pointed out that 22 of the 40 bank failures recorded in the second half of
1984 involved agricq,:ural lenders. ''You have to look at a lot of agricultural
communities that only have one financial institution. And if you permit it to
fail, soon it will be the schools and Main Street that follow,'' Mr. Olson
noted.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 838 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             306 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

WASHINGTON WATCH: Video Training Session For Nation's Ag Lenders

                             July 30, 1993, Friday

By BILL ATKINSON


AS MANY AS 4,700 bankers from California to Connecticut will tune in to a
meeting held by the Farmers Home Administration.

For the first time, the agency is holding a 6 1/2-hour televised training
conference on Aug. 12. to explain its new certified lending program.

"It is definitely a big deal here," said Robert Bonnet, chief of guaranteed loan
making and farm programs for the agency. "I think the lenders are going to like
it. We've invited any banker who wants to come."

The certified lending program is designed to cut the time it takes for bankers
to get approval on loans guaranteed by the farm agency. The loans are generally
made to start-up farmers and farmers recovering from economic setbacks.

The Farmers Home's program will air from the Department of Agriculture's main
office in Washington at 11 a.m. Eastern Standard Time, and run until 5:30 p.m.

Five panelists will explain to bankers, farmers, and 3,700 of the department's
field staff how the certified lending program works. They will watch from 170
locations.

Members of the audience will be able to pepper the panelists with questions.
Field office personnel familiar with the lending program will be at the sites to
answer questions during breaks.

"I can't wait to see how this thing works," said John M. Blanchfield, manager of
the American Bankers Association's agricultural division. "Farmers Home is not
know for being innovative. We've told bankers to make sure they know about it."

John W. Syndergaard, senior vice president of agriculture and asset quality for
Valley Bank of Shawano, Wis., said he wants to get up to speed on the lending
program, but he's still debating whether or not to attend the meeting.

"We have not processed, historically, the numbers (of government guaranteed
loans) they are asking for to become a certified lender," he said.

Mr. Bonnett said that in the past Farmers Home has conducted training sessions
by flying as many as 300 field staff personnel to a central location. They, in
turn, train other staff members. "The training is not as good, because you get
it second and third hand," Mr. Bonnett said. "It (the viedo session) is
considerably cheaper than what we normally would do."

***

The American Bankers Association has published a book on setting up a salary
administration program.

The 60-page book, called "Guidebook to Salary Administration," gives bankers who
run large and small institutions the inside scoop on: job evaluation programs,
incentive compensation, and trends in compensation.

The guidebook also gives bankers tips on educating employees on how their salary
is determined.

Gary J. Peters, senior vice president of West One Bancorp, Boise, Idaho, wrote
the guidebook. It sells for $58 and is discounted to $39 for ABA members.

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 474 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Blanchfield, photo

                      Copyright 1993 American Banker, Inc.


                             307 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 2, 1992, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

President Angrily Contests Charges Over Loans to Iraq

BYLINE: By MICHAEL WINES,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 1; Column 4; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 910 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 1


President Bush made a bristling defense of his prewar policy toward Iraq today,
saying the White House had no evidence in 1989 that President Saddam Hussein was
misusing federally guaranteed bank loans to buy nuclear-arms technology
illegally.

That suspicion, still unproved, had been raised in State Department documents
and has since become the focus of investigations by Federal prosecutors and a
House committee.

In sharp comments during an appearance on "CBS This Morning,"Mr. Bush appeared
to contest Congressional testimony by a State Department official, Frank Lemay,
last week. Mr. Lemay, the department's legislative management officer, told the
House Judiciary Committee that he had warned his superiors in October 1989 of
fears that Iraq had spent parts of the loans, which were guaranteed by the
Agriculture Department, to further its nuclear programs.

His immediate superior later passed the warning to Secretary of State James A.
Baker 3d, Mr. Lemay testified.

But when he was asked today about reports of Iraq's "skimming" of American money
to build nuclear arms, Mr. Bush retorted quickly, "We didn't know that," and
added, "The State Department didn't know it."

"You can talk about what one State Department employee, and if we had known it
it wouldn't have happened," he said. "We did not go to enhance his nuclear,
biological, or chemical capability. I have an executive order out on
specifically that. And you have repeated something that isn't true."

Suggestions to the contrary, he said, are "pure, gut American politics" driven
by election-year expediency.

The White House spokesman, Marlin Fitzwater, said today that Mr. Bush was
summarizing the Administration's response to charges that Iraq diverted Federal
loan guarantees: that "regardless of any memo, it didn't happen."

Federal prosecutors investigating a bank-fraud case in Atlanta are pursuing the
allegations, Federal officials have said, but the inquiry has not produced
criminal charges.

Mr. Bush's remarks nevertheless appeared to raise further questions about the
wisdom of the loan guarantees and other American overtures made to Mr. Hussein
in the months before Iraq's invasion of Kuwait in 1990. And for the first time,
they injected the President personally into a political dispute that is gaining
visibility as an election-year issue.

Several House and Senate committees are investigating charges that the White
House ignored President Hussein's thirst for power and advanced weaponry in the
late 1980's in a quest to make Iraq the bulwark of American policy in the
Persian Gulf.

The Administration has conceded that it sought to lure Iraq into "the family of
nations" with diplomatic and financial incentives and that the policy ultimately
failed.

The loan guarantees at issue were given to Iraq and other developing nations in
the 1980's by the Commodity Credit Corporation, an Agriculture Department
agency. The agency effectively agrees to co-sign loans, which the nations then
promise to use to buy American farm goods.

From 1983 to 1990, Iraq became one of the program's biggest borrowers and a
major customer for American farm goods, obtaining $5.5 billion in loan
guarantees to buy wheat, rice, corn, chickens and other products.

In late 1989, Mr. Baker overrode concerns about the creditworthiness of Iraq and
its military programs and, citing national security concerns, asked the
Agriculture Department to extend an additional $1 billion in loan guarantees.

Iraq eventually received $480 million in new guaranteed loans. It defaulted on
them and $1.3 billion in previously guaranteed loans when it invaded Kuwait 10
months later.

Most of the lenders have since been repaid with taxpayer money.

Today, the State Department refused to say whether Mr. Baker received a warning
about Iraq's potential misuse of the loans from Mr. Lemay's boss at the time,
Under Secretary of State Richard T. McCormack. Mr. McCormack, now in private
business, declined in a telephone interview to discuss his dealings with Mr.
Baker.

However, he added, "Mr. Lemay's representations to the committee were entirely
accurate."

Mr. Bush today called critics of his early overtures to Iraq "a bunch of people
who want to redefine something that was noble and good -- Desert Storm -- and
make it bad" for election-year gain.

In response, one House Democrat called the White House's courtship of Mr.
Hussein an affront to "basic American values."

The Congressman, Sam Gejdenson of Connecticut, whose House Foreign Affairs
subcommittee is examining American exports of military technology to Iraq, made
public declassified documents today showing that the Pentagon warned seven years
ago that Baghdad "continues to actively pursue an interest in nuclear weapons."

"The large number of Warsaw Pact nationals in Iraq makes diversion in place a
real possibility," one of the 1985 documents said, referring to the prospect
that military technology sold to Iraq might easily make its way to the old
Soviet bloc. "In the past, Iraq has been somewhat less than honest in regard to
the intended end-use of high technology equipment."

Mr. Gejdenson asserted today that "even if you accept everything the
Admininstration did -- which you shouldn't -- the Administration cannot point to
a single instance where they told Saddam Hussein that there was a degree of
violence and barbarism that would bring down the wrath of the American
Government on him."

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             308 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             March 31, 2013 Sunday

USDA seeks applications for renewable energy improvement projects

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 502 words


WASHINGTON, D.C. - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced that USDA is
seeking applications to provide assistance to agricultural producers and rural
small businesses for energy efficiency and renewable energy projects.

Funding is available from USDA's Rural Energy for America Program (REAP). The
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) remains focused on carrying out
its mission, despite a time of significant budget uncertainty.

The announcement is one part of the Department's efforts to strengthen the rural
economy.

"The Obama Administration continues its commitment to help our nation become
more energy independent by partnering with agricultural producers and rural
small businesses as they build renewable energy systems and reduce energy
usage," said Vilsack. "These investments will not only help our farmers and
rural small businesses reduce energy costs, but also provide a new potential
revenue source and stabilize their operations' bottom lines."

REAP, authorized by the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, (Farm Bill)
is designed to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses reduce
energy costs and consumption and help meet the Nation's critical energy needs.
USDA is accepting the following applications:

Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant applications and
combination grant and guaranteed loan applications until April 30, 2013;

Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan only
applications until July 15, 2013;

Renewable energy system feasibility study grant applications through April 30,
2013.

Since the passage of the 2008 Farm Bill and through the end of Fiscal Year 2012,
REAP has funded nationwide over 6,800 renewable energy and energy efficiency
projects, feasibility studies, energy audits, and renewable energy development
assistance projects.

Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner said, "The REAP program offers a
lot of flexibility in the types of energy projects that can be funded including;
renewable energy projects that involve wind, solar, geothermal, and anaerobic
digesters. It also funds energy efficiency projects where we'll help pay for
replacing, boilers, heaters, insulation, agricultural pumps and other types of
equipment for more efficient ones."

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to
foster sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong
partner for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

More information on how to apply for funding is available in the March 29, 2013
Federal Register, pages 19183-19190 or by contacting, Ms. Jesse Monfort Bopp,
USDA Rural Development's Albuquerque office at: jesse.bopp@nm.usda.gov, or
505-761-4952, or by contacting Rural Development's area offices in Las Cruces;
575-522-8775. Ext. 122.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2013 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             309 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               February 15, 1993

FmHA Said High Risk to Government

SECTION: FARM & RURAL MORTGAGES; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 385 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Congressional accountants continue to believe that the Farmers Home
Administration is an area of high risk to the government.

In a recent report to Congress and the Clinton administration, the General
Accounting office reported that the FmHA continues to be plagued by a high rate
of default.  However, the FmHA's problems are concentrated in the agency's
portfolio of direct loans, rather than in its loan guarantees issued to support
private sector lending.

By June 30, 1992, the FmHA portfolio included $ 4.6 billion in guaranteed loans.
Only about $ 300 million of the guaranteed loans were held by delinquent
borrowers at that time.

By contrast, $ 7.3 billion of the $ 15.9 billion in direct loans was held by
delinquent borrowers.

The FmHA substantially reduced its own estimate of potential losses under the
guaranteed loan program between 1990 and 1991.

During fiscal years 1989 through the first three quarters of 1992, the FmHA
forgave $ 3.1 billion in direct loan obligations.

During recent years, the FmHA has tried to shift more of its resources from
direct to guaranteed lending.  The Bush administration also sought to graduate
borrowers from FmHA assistance to commercial credit after a specified number of
years.

The GAO criticized Congress and the FmHA for failing to develop and follow
underwriting policies that adequately protect the taxpayers.

The GAO recommended that the FmHA establish a system for ensuring that its field
offices comply with the agency's loan standards and that Congress enact policies
to reduce the FmHA's exposure to loss.

Losses may continue until Congress clarifies the FmHA's mission, the GAO said.
The FmHA needs to know what level of loan losses is acceptable, the length of
time borrowers should be able to rely on FmHA, and what assistance should be
available for borrowers who want to leave farming.

"We believe, that to protect the taxpayers' interest, the balance should be
shifted more toward prudent lending," the GAO recommended.

The GAO also said FmHA field offices often fail to enforce FmHA underwriting
standards on commercial lenders that participate in the guaranteed loan program.
About 13% of the guaranteed loans made between 1988 and 1991 failed to meet
FmHA's cash flow standard, according to the report.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             310 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Heppner Gazette-Times (Oregon)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 26, 2014

Agriculture secretary announces more opportunity for producers in new Farm Bill

BYLINE: Heppner Gazette-Times staff

LENGTH: 250  words


WASHINGTON-- Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack Monday announced increased
opportunity for producers as a result of the 2014 Farm Bill.

The Farm Bill expands lending opportunities for many of farmers and ranchers to
begin and continue operations, including greater flexibility in determining
eligibility, raising loan limits, and emphasizing beginning and socially
disadvantaged producers.

Changes that will take effect immediately include:

Elimination of loan term limits for guaranteed operating loans;

Modification of the definition of beginning farmer, using the average farm size
for the county as a qualifier instead of the median farm size;

Modification of the Joint Financing Direct Farm Ownership Interest Rate to two
percent less than regular Direct Farm Ownership rate, with a floor of 2.5
percent Previously, the rate was established at five percent;

Increase of the maximum loan amount for Direct Farm Ownership down payments from
$225,000 to $300,000;

Elimination of rural residency requirement for Youth Loans, allowing urban youth
to benefit;

Debt forgiveness on Youth Loans, which will not prevent borrowers from obtaining
additional loans from the federal government;

Increase of the guarantee amount on Conservation Loans from 75 to 80 percent and
90 percent for socially disadvantaged borrowers and beginning farmers;

Microloans will not count toward loan term limits for veterans and beginning
farmers.

Visit the FSA Farm Bill website for detailed information and updates to farm
loan programs.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HGT

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2014 Heppner Gazette-Times


                             311 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             April 14, 2014 Monday

New farm bill adds opportunity for NM farmers

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 292 words


WASHINGTON >> Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced increased opportunity
for producers as a result of the 2014 Farm Bill. A fact sheet outlining
modifications to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Farm Service Agency
(FSA) Farm Loan Programs is available at: www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/ .

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are the engine of the rural economy. These
improvements to our Farm Loan Programs will help a new generation begin farming
and grow existing farm operations," said Secretary Vilsack. "Today's
announcement represents just one part of a series of investments the new Farm
Bill makes in the next generation of agriculture, which is critical to economic
growth in communities across the country."

The Farm Bill expands lending opportunities for thousands of farmers and
ranchers to begin and continue operations, including greater flexibility in
determining eligibility, raising loan limits, and emphasizing beginning and
socially disadvantaged producers.

Changes that will take effect immediately include:

Elimination of loan term limits for guaranteed operating loans.

Modification of the definition of beginning farmer, using the average farm size
for the county as a qualifier instead of the median farm size.

Modification of the Joint Financing Direct Farm Ownership Interest Rate to 2
percent less than regular Direct Farm Ownership rate, with a floor of 2.5
percent. Previously, the rate was established at 5 percent.

Increase of the maximum loan amount for Direct Farm Ownership down payments from
$225,000 to $300,000.

Elimination of rural residency requirement for Youth Loans, allowing urban youth
to benefit.

Debt forgiveness on Youth Loans, which will not prevent borrowers from obtaining
additional loans.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Vilsack

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2014 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             312 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 June 15, 1992

3 FAMC Loan Pools Underway

BYLINE: By Bill LIEBTAG

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 857 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Less than six months after legislation enabling it to pursue a "linked
portfolio" strategy in development of a secondary market for agricultural real
estate loans, the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp. has three offerings
underway.

However, free secondary market trading such as the kind associated with the
Federal National Mortgage Association and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. has
yet to take place.

On May 28, Farmer Mac Issued $ 210 million in notes under its newly initiated
medium-term note program.

The notes support a $ 233 million pool of qualified agricultural real estate
mortgage loans formed by Chemical Securities Inc., a certified Farmer Mac
pooler.

This was the first pool formed under the linked portfolio approach and consists
of qualified loans originated solely by The Travelers Insurance Co., Hartford,
Conn.

The Agricultural Credit Act of 1987, which created Farmer Mac, requires that the
pooler and/or originators maintain either a cash reserve to cover at least the
first 10% of losses arising from defaults on the pools of loans backing Farmer
Mac-guaranteed securities or that holders of "subordinated participation
interests" absorb these losses.

The Act also requires that each pool be composed of loans secured by properties
from different geographic locations that are used to produce different
agricultural commodities.

The requirement provides added protection against financial risk to investors in
Farmer Mac-guaranteed securities and to the Federal government since Farmer Mac
is a government-sponsored enterprise.

Authorization for the Farmer Mac Linked Portfolio Strategy program was clarified
by Congress in the Farm Bill Technical Corrections Act of 1991, enacted in
December, making it possible for Farmer Mac to better access the capital
markets.

The pool put together by Travelers consists of 790 loans secured by agricultural
real estate in 31 states.

It is distributed among all 10 Farmer Mac regions and represents farm
commodities in 14 of the 16 Farmer Mac commodity categories, which extend from
citrus to cattle.

Under the linked portfolio program, the notes issued by Farmer Mac are
structured to "match" the cash flows of the guaranteed mortgage-backed
securities in the pool.

The notes establish a base for pricing the guaranteed securities backed by the
pool of qualified loans.

The guaranteed securities, which range from six months to 15 years, are
supported by a subordinated interest in the pool of about $ 23 million held by
the Travelers.  The average maturity is 3.9 years.

The interest rates on the guaranteed securities are linked to the interest rates
on the notes.

Payments on the loans in the pool generate funds for payments due to the
guaranteed security holder which is Farmer Mac Mortgages Securities Corp., a
wholly-owned subsidiary set up specifically for the purpose of buying securities
as part of a Farmer Mac linked portfolio transaction.

In turn, these payments generate funds for payments due on the notes.

"The completion of this transaction significantly advancer the Farmer Mac
program and it should pave the way for additional agricultural loan pools to be
formed," according to Farmer Mac president Henry Edelman.

Two other pools are in the works:

* One, sources say, will be similar in amount to the Council Securities issue,
more than $ 230 million, but will include the first sale into the market of
unguaranteed subordinated agricultural debt.

Prudential Agricultural Credit will be the pooler and Goldman, Sachs & Co. will
be the underwriter.

* The other may be another linked portfolio issue or a structured offering
involving the Federal Agricultural Acceptance Corp., a Farmer Mac subsidiary,
and Equitable Agribusiness Inc.

A preliminary document was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission May
22 in the "nominal" amount" of $ 1 million.  The actual offering is expected to
be about $ 1000 million.

The first Farmer Mac mortgage-backed security was issued December 12 against a $
112 million pool of qualified agricultural loans formed by the John Hancock
Mutual Life Insurance Co.

Hancock had the option of either holding the securities, which it has done for
its own portfolio, or selling them to third-party investors.

Chemical Securities, formed by the merger last year of Manufacturers Hanover and
Chemical Bank, is the oldest of the five currently certified Farmer Mac poolers.

Other poolers are Goldman Sachs Mortgage Corp., Equitable Agribusiness, Hancock
and Prudential Agricultural Credit Inc.

A sixth pooler may be publicly announced soon, according to a spokesman for
Farmer Mac, although he declined to identify the company.

The potential pooler's application has been reviewed by Farmer Mac and approved.

Several major banking corporations and insurance companies are possibilities.

For one, Norwest Bank has expressed strong interest in being a Farmer Mac
certified pooler, has been an active participant in development of the
government-sponsored enterprise and has experience through its own Midwest
multi-state operation in the formation of similar pools of agricultural loans.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             313 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             March 9, 1999, Tuesday

A soybean message to Uncle Sam

BYLINE: BY DUANE LOWRY

SECTION: EDITORIAL/OPINION; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 519 words


Farmers, this is our opportunity to send a message to Uncle Sam, the Farm
Bureau, farm organizations, foreign producers and the marketplace.

It's a message that will be hard to miss or ignore.

American farmers are currently facing market prices below their production
costs. Sometimes we feel helpless. We want to change policy, but don't know how.

Here's an idea: Plant as many soybeans in 1999 as you can. Even if it means
planting ""soybeans on soybeans.''

Why? Because the government-guaranteed price for soybeans - the county loan
price - gives a greater return than the guaranteed price for corn.

There is a $65 to $100 per acre advantage in planting soybeans instead of corn.

Of course, if all American farmers plant soybeans, soybean prices will plummet.
So what? Farmers are protected with the county loan price.

We may actually receive a higher price for corn, since a significantly smaller
corn crop would be planted.

Whether you are a proponent of the Freedom to Farm legislation or would like to
go back to the days of subsidy, all farmers can find common ground in promoting
a significant shift of acres to soybeans and away from corn.

Those farmers who would like to have a set-aside program to alleviate our
current excess supply could choose to utilize the current farm law to establish
their own set-aside program - and get paid well for doing so.

If all farmers would consider planting some of their 1999 spring acreage with
soybeans on soybeans, it would serve the same purpose as a set-aside. Corn
acreage would go down, helping to prop prices toward a profitable level.

Those wanting the old set-aside program should consider this a perfect
opportunity to send a message of thanks to the government.

Supporters of Freedom to Farm should find common ground in this proposal. After
all, they think that farmers should have the freedom to plant what the markets
tell them to plant. And they think that farmers need to become more business
minded and become better risk managers.

Lastly, they say the United States must send a clear message to foreign
countries that we will not utilize set-aside programs.

My soybeans-on-soybeans idea would not violate any of these principles. Farmers
would be making the decision what to plant. The market is telling them to not
plant corn.

It is obviously a good business decision for the farmer, since he is managing
his risk by following a program that guarantees more income.

South America would get the message that the United States is ready and able to
produce soybeans.

And, meanwhile, world users would benefit from cheap soybean prices and continue
to expand the demand base for our soybean and soy-product exports. It's a
win-win situation.

Until the marketplace provides a price incentive to plant corn, I challenge
farmers to give serious consideration to increasing soybean acres and decreasing
corn acres.

And I challenge corn users to realize current corn prices are too cheap. As the
muffler commercial says, ""You can pay me now, or pay me later.''

Farmers, your destiny is in your control.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             314 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             July 25, 1978 Tuesday

Farm loans

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 83 words


Agriculture Minister James Downey has announced a new Manitoba
 Agricultural Credit Corp. program that makes it logical for those
 currently leasing land from the Government to purchase the land. The
 program will provide direct loans of up to $100,000 and guaranteed loans
 to a maximum $200,000.   Under the program, loans will be available to
 finance the purchase of land, farm machinery, construction or renovation
 of farm production buildings or farm houses, breeding stock, or debt
 consolidation.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1978 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             315 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

In Brief: Farm Credit Profits Grew 15% in 2000

                           April 18, 2001, Wednesday

BY Ben Jackson

DATELINE: WASHINGTON



Despite continued weakness in the agricultural economy, the Farm Credit System
has reported strong earnings growth for 2000.

The system, comprising 142 banks, associations, and service corporations that
lend to agricultural producers and cooperatives, said last week that combined
net income in 2000 was $1.42 billion, up 15.4% from 1999. Loan volume rose 7.4%,
to $75.2 billion, and nonperforming loans fell 20%, to $879 million.

The Farm Credit Administration, which regulates the system's lenders, attributed
the gains in part to government subsidies, which helped cash-strapped farmers
repay their loans.

The agency also announced that it has agreed with the Department of
Agriculture's Rural Business-Cooperative Service to examine nonbank lenders --
such as GE Capital Corp. -- that make loans under the department's Business and
Industry Guaranteed Loan Program.

William F. Hagy 3d, acting administrator of the Rural Business-Cooperative
Service, said the Farm Credit Administration already does similar exams of
nonbank lenders for the Small Business Administration.

Copyright c 2001 Thomson Financial. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 197 words

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 American Banker, Inc.


                             316 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Hendricks Pioneer (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 6, 2015

Beginning farmer loans available

BYLINE: Hendricks Pioneer staff

LENGTH: 119  words


FSA assists beginning farmers to finance agricultural enterprises. Under these
designated farm loan programs, FSA can provide financing to eligible applicants
through either direct or guaranteed loans. FSA defines a beginning farmer as a
person who:

Has operated a farm for not more than 10 years Will materially and substantially
participate in the operation of the farm Agrees to participate in a loan
assessment, borrower training and financial management program sponsored by FSA
Does not own a farm in excess of 30 percent of the county's average size farm.

Additional program information, loan applications, and other materials are
available at your local USDA Service Center. You may also visit
www.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HND

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2015 Hendricks Pioneer


                             317 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Hendricks Pioneer (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 21, 2014

Beginning farmer loans

BYLINE: Hendricks Pioneer staff

LENGTH: 119  words


FSA assists beginning farmers to finance agricultural enterprises. Under these
designated farm loan programs, FSA can provide financing to eligible applicants
through either direct or guaranteed loans. FSA defines a beginning farmer as a
person who:

Has operated a farm for not more than 10 years

Will materially and substantially participate in the operation of the farm

Agrees to participate in a loan assessment, borrower training and financial
management program sponsored by FSA Does not own a farm in excess of 30 percent
of the county's average size farm.

Additional program information, loan applications, and other materials are
available at your local USDA Service Center. You may also visit www.fsa
usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HND

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2014 Hendricks Pioneer


                             318 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Lake Benton Valley Journal (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 21, 2014

Beginning farmer loans

BYLINE: Lake Benton Valley Journal staff

LENGTH: 119  words


FSA assists beginning farmers to finance agricultural enterprises. Under these
designated farm loan programs, FSA can provide financing to eligible applicants
through either direct or guaranteed loans. FSA defines a beginning farmer as a
person who: Has operated a farm for not more than 10 years

Will materially and substantially participate in the operation of the farm

Agrees to participate in a loan assessment, borrower training and financial
management program sponsored by FSA

Does not own a farm in excess of 30 percent of the county's average size farm.

Additional program information, loan applications, and other materials are
available at your local USDA Service Center. You may also visit www.fsa.
usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LBJ

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2014 Lake Benton Valley Journal


                             319 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Chambersburg Public Opinion (Pennsylvania)

                             June 7, 2007 Thursday

Business digest

BYLINE: Public Opinion Online

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 154 words


Farm loan officer named for counties

GETTYSBURG -- The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency announced
that Emme Rickabaugh of Shippensburg has been promoted to farm loan officer for
the multi-county credit team in Gettysburg.

She will be responsible for processing farm loan applications received in the
Franklin and Cumberland counties area. In addition, her duties include managing
a large and diverse lending portfolio in these counties.

Rickabaugh has just finished a two-year training program with the agency in the
area of agricultural lending, credit counseling, and farm financial management.

A graduate of Penn State in May 2003 with a degree in agri-business management
and a focus in the animal sciences, Rickabaugh grew up on a dairy farm in the
Mercersburg area.

Farm Service Agency makes direct and guaranteed loans and provides credit
counseling and supervision to farmers who qualify for their credit.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rickabaugh

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                             320 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 30, 1983, Monday, Final Edition

Subsidized-Farm-Loan Plan Falls Flat in Virginia

BYLINE: By Michael Isikoff, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Washington Business; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1362 words

DATELINE: RICHMOND


A new Virginia agricultural loan program, pushed through the state legislature
two years ago by a group of investment banking firms, will end up benefiting
only 18 farmers in the entire state.

Conceived by New York-based brokerage firm E. F. Hutton and pushed in Richmond
by a politically influential lobbyist for Wheat First Securities, the state's
largest brokerage firm, the Virginia Agricultural Development Authority had been
lobbied to the General Assembly as an economic shot in the arm for a depressed
farm economy.

But, because of a series of actions by the Reagan administration to curb such
lending programs and what critics now say were inherent flaws in the structure
of the program itself, the low-interest loans offered by the authority this
spring stirred little reaction in rural Virginia. The authority had planned to
issue up to $25 million in federally guaranteed, tax exempt bonds, with the
proceeds loaned by commerical banks to Virginia farmers at a fixed rate, below
market interest rates.

But despite efforts to advertise the program at seven meetings throughout the
state earlier this year, the authority could find takers for only about $1.4
million in loans.

The 18 relatively well-to-do farmers who signed up for the loans represent
little more than 3 percent of the 500 farmers the authority's backers had once
told lawmakers the legislation would benefit.

"This thing could have been a good thing for some folks," said James Khee, the
executive director of the Virginia Agricultural Development Authority. "It was a
disappointment to all of us. This thing has been one trial after another."

In part, Khee said, the low sign-up rate was caused by lack of adequate
publicity resulting in relatively few of the state's 60,000 farmers even being
aware of the program's existence. But there are some who question whether many
farmers had any use for the loans in the first place.

As structured by the legislature, the agricultural loans could only be used to
purchase new real estate and farm machinery, a largely irrelevant concern to
those farmers who have been struggling with sagging grain prices. And those
prosperous farmers who did want to expand could probably afford nonsubsidized
commercial bank loans anyway, critics said.

"Farmers are trying to hold on to what they got right now," said Alex Hamilton,
spokesman for the Virginia Farm Bureau. "The major money they're interested in
borrowing is operating funds. They're not interested in more money for real
estate and machinery and getting further in debt."

Nevertheless, state officials blame the bond issue's problems primarily on the
Reagan administration, which has attempted to curtail the explosive growth of
industrial revenue bonds (IRBs)--tax free bonds floated by state and local
governments on behalf of private business concerns. Agricultural IRBs, a
relatively new wrinkle in the tax-exempt bond market, were cooked up four years
ago by E. F. Hutton's public finance department, which has long enjoyed a
lucrative trade in the underwriting of public bond issues.

In a nationwide lobbying campaign, Hutton executives traveled from state to
state, persuading 18 legislatures to create authorities empowered to float the
issues. In Richmond, Walter Craigie, an influential Republican fundraiser and
the executive vice-president of Wheat First Securities Inc., was hired as
lobbyist to steer the legislation through the General Assembly.

As it sailed through the 1981 session without dissent, legislators were clearly
under the impression that the authority's loans would help a broad cross-section
of Virginia agriculture.

"We thought it was an idea to help people who couldn't get money anywhere else
to stay in farming," said state Sen. J. Dudley J. Emick (D-Botetourt), a member
of the Senate Finance Committee, which approved the legislation. "I thought it
would be available to a wide range of people."

Craigie and Hutton executives say, however, that they only sold the idea as a
means of helping "younger and newer farmers" get on their feet. They do not,
however, deny their own self-interest in pushing the legislation. Not long after
the authority was created in 1981 and its members appointed by former Republican
Gov. John Dalton, Hutton, Wheat First and Craigie Inc., an investment firm
founded by Craigie's father, were selected as co-managers for its first bond
issue.

In pushing the creation of the agriculture authority, "we were responding to a
need for farm loans and what we thought was a good business opportunity," said
David Seltzer, a vice president for E. F. Hutton. "There's no question that
we're not a charitable organization." What Hutton hadn't counted on, however,
was opposition by the Reagan administration, which has viewed the profilerating
growth of tax-exempt IRBs as an inequitable allocation of credit and a
multibillion-dollar drain on Treasury revenues.

"They're a distortion in the credit markets," said one Treasury official. "What
you're doing is allowing private businesses to take advantage of the tax
exemptions."

Early in March, the administration took its most damaging swipe at the IRB
market-drafting legislation for Sen. Robert Dole (R-Kan.) that, effective April
15, would remove tax exemptions for IRBs that were guaranteed by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corp. or the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corp. Similar
legislation had already been introduced in the House by Rep. J. J. Pickle
(D-Tex.)

The mere fact that such legislation was being considered was enough to cripple
the agricultural loans just as many of the state authorities, including
Virginia's, were getting ready to float their first bonds. "It was a kick in the
groin of all the authorities," said Seltzer.

Virginia officials, fearing that the bills might pass, rushed to meet the April
15 deadline and set a March 24 cutoff date for farmers to sign up with
participating commercial banks--nearly two months earlier than the authority had
originally planned. Only 32 farmers responded, and 14 of them later dropped out
because they failed to meet credit tests set by commercial banks, Khee said.

The actions in Washington were also a kick in the groin for the investment
bankers. The three firms had once planned to charge the state an underwriters
fee of about 2.5 percent, which would have guaranteed them about $625,000 on the
planned $25 million issue. But with only $1.4 million in loans and a $100,000
reserve, the offering totaled only $1.5 million, and the commission amounted to
only 1.5 percent, producing $81,750 to be split among Hutton, Craigie and Wheat
First, said William C. Boynest, an executive of Craigie Inc. "You don't make
money on every deal."

Meanwhile, the question remains about how many farmers needed the agricultural
loans in the first place. The loans average a little less than $100,000 per
farmer and are going for such purposes as the installation of new milk parlors,
hog feeders and feeding sheds, as well as for real estate purchases.

David S. Salmons, 28, of Virginia Beach, is receiving the largest loan--$241,000
at an interest rate of about 11 percent--to purchase 500 acres adjacent to his
commercial hog farm.

"I could have borrowed the money somewhere else," said Salmons in a telephone
interview. But, he added, he was attracted to the authority's offer of a fixed
long-term interest rate, something that is no longer available in nonsubsidized
commercial bank loans. "I was half scared that if I borrowed the money from a
bank the interest rate would shoot back up to 16 percent," he said.

Another authority borrower, who asked not to be identified, was more skeptical
about the program, though. This part-time farmer acknowledged that he is in no
financial trouble and could have readily borrowed the money without the
authority's subsidy. "But I'm going to take advantage of it if I can get it," he
said.

"As far as I'm concerned this is a typical government program in that you got a
bunch of politicians who sit up there and pass these things so they can run home
and tell their constituents about it," the farmer added. "And it doesn't amount
to a damn for anybody."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Only 18 Virginia famers took advantage of state farm loan
program that earmarked up to $25 million in low-interest, tax exempt bonds.
Photo by John McDonnell -- The Washington Post

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                             321 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     American Bankruptcy Institute Journal

                                  17-9 ABIJ 6

                                 November, 1998

DEPARTMENT: Legislative Update

LENGTH: 1634 words

TEXT:


 Religious Liberty and Charitable Donation Protection Act (P.L. 105-183)
Sec. 2. Definitions.
Section 548(d) of title 11, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end
the following:

   "(3) In this section, the term "charitable contribution" means a charitable
contribution, as that term is defined in § 170(c) of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, if that contribution --

   "(A) is made by a natural person; and

   "(B) consists of --

   "(i) a financial instrument (as that term is defined in § 731(c)(2)(C) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986); or

   "(ii) cash.

   "(4) In this section, the term "qualified religious or charitable entity or
organization" means --

   "(A) an entity described in § 170(c)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986;
or

   "(B) an entity or organization described in § 170(c)(2) of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986.".
Sec. 3. Treatment of Pre-petition Qualified  Charitable Contributions.

   (a) IN GENERAL- Section 548(a) of title 11, United States Code, is amended --

   (1) by inserting "(1)" after "(a)";

   (2) by striking "(1) made" and inserting "(A) made";

   (3) by striking "(2)(A)" and inserting "(B)(i)";

   (4) by striking "(B)(i)" and inserting "(ii)(I)";

   (5) by striking "(ii) was" and inserting "(II) was";

   (6) by striking "(iii)" and inserting "(III)"; and

   (7) by adding at the end the following:

   "(2) A transfer of a charitable contribution to a qualified religious or
charitable entity or organization shall not be considered to be a transfer
covered under paragraph (1)(B) in any case in which --

   "(A) the amount of that contribution does not exceed 15 percent of the gross
annual income of the debtor for the year in which the transfer of the
contribution is made; or

   "(B) the contribution made by a debtor exceeded the percentage amount of
gross annual income specified in subparagraph (A), if the transfer was
consistent with the practices of the debtor in making charitable
contributions.".

   (b) TRUSTEE AS LIEN CREDITOR AND AS SUCCESSOR TO CERTAIN CREDITORS AND
PURCHASERS- Section 544(b) of title 11, United States Code, is amended --

   (1) by striking "(b) The trustee" and inserting "(b)(1) Except as provided in
paragraph (2), the trustee"; and

   (2) by adding at the end the following:

   "(2) Paragraph (1) shall not apply to a transfer of a charitable contribution
(as that term is defined in § 548(d)(3)) that is not covered under §
548(a)(1)(B), by reason of § 548(a)(2). Any claim by any person to recover a
transferred contribution described in the preceding sentence under Federal or
State law in a Federal or State court shall be preempted by the commencement of
the case.".

   (c) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS- Section 546 of title 11, United States Code, is
amended --

   (1) in subsection (e) --

   (A) by striking "548(a)(2)" and inserting "548(a)(1)(B)"; and

   (B) by striking "548(a)(1)" and inserting "548(a)(1)(A)";

   (2) in subsection (f) --

   (A) by striking "548(a)(2)" and inserting "548(a)(1)(B)"; and

   (B) by striking "548(a)(1)" and inserting "548(a)(1)(A)"; and

   (3) in subsection (g) --

   (A) by striking "§ 548(a)(1)" each place it appears and inserting "§
548(a)(1)(A)"; and

   (B) by striking "548(a)(2)" and inserting "548(a)(1)(B)".
Sec. 4. Treatment of Post-petition Charitable Contributions.

   (a) CONFIRMATION OF PLAN- Section 1325(b)(2)(A) of title 11, United States
Code, is amended by inserting before the semicolon the following: ", including
charitable contributions (that meet the definition of "charitable contribution"
under § 548(d)(3)) to a qualified religious or charitable entity or organization
(as that term is defined in § 548(d)(4)) in an amount not to exceed 15 percent
of the gross income of the debtor for the year in which the contributions are
made".

   (b) DISMISSAL- Section 707(b) of title 11, United States Code. is amended by
adding at the end the following: "In making a determination whether to dismiss a
case under this section, the court may not take into consideration whether a
debtor has made, or continues to make, charitable contributions (that meet the
definition of "charitable contribution" under § 548(d)(3)) to any qualified
religious or charitable entity or organization (as that term is defined in §
548(d)(4)).".
Sec. 5. Applicability.

   This Act and the amendments made by this Act shall apply to any case brought
under an applicable provision of title 11, United States Code, that is pending
or commenced on or after the date of enactment of this Act.
Sec. 6. Rule of Construction.

   Nothing in the amendments made by this Act is intended to limit the
applicability of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993 (42 U.S.C. 2002bb
et seq.).

Student Loan Non-dischargeability Amendments (Higher Education Amendments of
1998) (P.L. 105-244).
Sec. 971. Non-dischargeability of Certain Claims for Educational Benefits
Provided to Obtain Higher Education.

   (a) AMENDMENT- Section 523(a)(8) of title 11, United States Code, is amended
by striking "unless --" and all that follows through "(B) excepting such debt"
and inserting "unless excepting such debt".

   (b) EFFECTIVE DATE- The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply only
with respect to cases commenced under title 11, United States Code, after the
date of enactment of this Act. [October 7, 1998]

Chapter 12 (in Omnibus Government Spending Bill)

   Sec. 149. (a) Chapter 12 of title 11 of the United States Code, as in effect
on September 30, 1998, is hereby reenacted for the period beginning on October
1, 1998, and ending on April 1, 1999.

   (b) All cases commenced or pending under chapter 12 of title 11, United
States Code, as reenacted under subsection (a), and all matters and proceeding
in or relating to such cases, shall be conducted and determined under such
chapter as if such chapter were continued in effect after April 1, 1999. The
substantive rights of parties in connection with such cases, matters, and
proceedings shall continue to be governed under the law applicable to such
cases, matters, and proceedings as if such chapter were continued in effect
after April 1, 1999.

   (c) This section shall take effect on October 1, 1998.

Chemical Weapons Convention
Sec. 603. Bankruptcy Actions.

   Section 362(b) of title 11, United States Code, is amended --

   (1) by striking paragraphs (4) and (5); and

   (2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the following:

   "(4) under paragraph (1), (2), (3), or (6) of subsection (a) of this section,
of the commencement or continuation of an action or proceeding by a governmental
unit or any organization exercising authority under the Convention on the
Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical
Weapons and on Their Destruction, opened for signature on january 13, 1993, to
enforce such governmental unit's or organization's police and regulatory power,
including the enforcement of a judgment other than a money judgment, obtained in
an action or proceeding by the governmental unit to enforce such governmental
unit's or organization's police or regulatory power;".

Farm Loans
TITLE VIII -- AGRICULTURAL CREDIT

   Sec. 801. Section 373 of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7
U.S.C. 2008h) is amended by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following:

   "(b) PROHIBITION OF LOANS FOR BORROWERS THAT HAVE RECEIVED DEBT FORGIVENESS.
--

   "(1) PROHIBITIONS. -- Except as provided in paragraph (2) --

   "(A) the Secretary may not make a loan under this title to a borrower that
has received debt forgiveness on a loan made or guaranteed under this title; and

   "(B) the Secretary may not guarantee a loan under this title to a borrower
that has received --

   "(i) debt forgiveness after April 4, 1996, on a loan made or guaranteed under
this title; or

   "(ii) received debt forgiveness on more than 3 occasions on or before April
4, 1996.

   "(2) EXCEPTIONS. --

   "(A) IN GENERAL. -- The Secretary may make a direct or guaranteed farm
operating loan for paying annual farm or ranch operating expenses of a borrower
who --

   (i) was restructured with a write-down under § 353; or

   (ii) is current on payments under a confirmed reorganization plan under
chapters 11, 12, or 13 of Title 11 of the United States Code.

   "(B) Emergency Loans. -- The Secretary may make an emergency loan under § 321
to a borrower that --

   (i) on or before April 4, 1996, received not more than 1 debt forgiveness on
a loan made or guaranteed under this title; and

   (ii) after April 4, 1996, has not received debt forgiveness on a loan made or
guaranteed under this title.".

   Sec. 802. Section 324(d) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act
(7 U.S.C. 1964(d)) is amended --

   (1) by striking "(d) All loans" and inserting the following:

   "(d) REPAYMENT. --

   "(1) IN GENERAL. -- All loans"; and

   (2) by adding at the end the following:

   "(2) NO BASIS FOR DENIAL OF LOAN. --

   "(A) IN GENERAL. -- Subject to subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall not deny
a loan under this subtitle to a borrower by reason of the fact that the borrower
lacks a particular amount of collateral for the loan if the Secretary is
reasonably certain that the borrower will be able to repay the loan.

   "(B) REFUSAL TO PLEDGE AVAILABLE COLLATERAL. -- The Secretary may deny or
cancel a loan under this subtitle if a borrower refuses to pledge available
collateral on request by the Secretary.".

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Bankruptcy LawCase AdministrationGeneral OverviewBankruptcy LawConversion &
DismissalLiquidationsEducation LawAdministration & OperationStudent Financial
AidDebt Collection


                             322 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               September 13, 1999

Ag Secretary Warns Farm Land Values Are Starting to 'Soften'

BYLINE: By Ted Cornwell

LENGTH: 724 words

Washington-Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman has warned Congress that farm real
estate values are "beginning to soften" as a result of weakness in the
agricultural economic sector.

"The strong increases in farm real estate values in the 1990s slowed sharply in
1998 and began declining in a few states. Thus far, the data show the drop in
farmland values to have been fairly modest in most areas of the country," Mr.
Glickman said in testimony at a congressional hearing in August.

Data from the Federal Reserve System shows that the collapse in farm commodity
prices has hurt farmland prices in Iowa, Illinois, and Indiana more than in
other states. Between April of 1998 and April of this year, farm land values in
that region fell by 8% to 11%, the USDA said.

"Given the current price and income prospects for major crops and livestock, we
can expect further pressure on land prices in the months ahead, particularly in
the Corn Belt, Plains states, and mid-south," Mr. Glickman said.

The relatively steep drop in farm land prices reflects the regions' reliance
upon corn and soybeans, both of which have suffered prolonged price drops, Mr.
Glickman said.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture estimates that the debt-to-asset ratio for
farm operates remained stable at about 15% in 1998, below the over 20% levels
reported during the farm financial crisis of the mid-1980s.

Nonetheless, Mr. Glickman said the USDA is "closely watching developments in the
balance sheet for agriculture."

The problems may not be over for farm land owners and lenders, because the USDA
expects to see continued downward pressure on crops and livestock. Already,
prices for some commodities have hit their lowest point in two decades.

Prices for corn, for example, are about 30% of their average price from 1993 to
1997. Soybean prices are at their lowest point since 1971. Hog prices are at
their lowest point since 1972.

Looking ahead, economists at the USDA say that prices for hogs, cattle, and
field crops likely will remain low for the rest of 1999 and much of 2000,
placing additional financial pressures on farmers and ranchers who specialize in
the production of these commodities and are already highly leveraged with debt.

Many sectors of the farm economy are in the second year of "the most severe
financial stress of the decade," the agriculture secretary said. Due to low
commodity prices, farm cash receipts are expected to fall to $ 191 billion in
1999 from almost $ 208 billion in 1997, according to the USDA.

Additionally, agricultural exports have fallen, due to strong production levels
overseas.

U.S. agricultural exports are projected to be only $ 49 billion this year, after
reaching a record high of nearly $ 60 billion in the government's 1996 fiscal
year.

That is putting pressure on farmers and making it more difficult for them to
service their debt. Agricultural lenders such as the Farm Credit System and
commercial banks expect to see increasing delinquencies on farm land debt as a
result.

As a result of the drop in farm prices, government support for farmers is
expected to grow to $ 16.6 billion this year, up from $ 12 billion last year.
Government farm payments had been declining under legislation to reduce federal
support for agriculture, but Congress and the Clinton administration agreed to
increase agricultural spending to counter balance falling commodity prices.

Moreover, the Clinton administration has asked Congress to increase the USDA's
authority to make guaranteed loans. Funds are or soon will be exhausted for
other low interest loan programs as well, Mr. Glickman said.

"For FY 2000, additional loan funds will be needed to provide credit to
producers who are unable to obtain credit without our assistance. Many of these
funds will be needed for guaranteed farm operating and farm ownership loans.
Weakening farm financial conditions have caused many lenders to seek FSA
guarantees as a condition of providing further credit to farmers," he said.

As if the deflation of commodity prices was not enough trouble for farmers and
ranchers, many have also had to deal with weather disasters this year.

A severe drought has led the USDA to declare disaster areas in much of the
Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1999 Faulkner & Gray


                             323 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 11, 2015 Sunday

Washington: Beginning Farmer Loans

LENGTH: 154  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Food and Drug Administration, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

FSA assists beginning farmers to finance agricultural enterprises. Under these
designated farm loan programs, FSA can provide financing to eligible applicants
through either direct or guaranteed loans. FSA defines a beginning farmer as a
person who:

Has operated a farm for not more than 10 years
 Will materially and substantially participate in the operation of the farm
 Agrees to participate in a loan assessment, borrower training and financial
management program sponsored by FSA
 Does not own a farm in excess of 30 percent of the county's average size farm.

Additional program information, loan applications, and other materials are
available at your local USDA Service Center. You may also visit
www.fsa.usda.gov.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             324 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 14, 2014 Sunday

Washington: Beginning Farmer Loans

LENGTH: 156  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Small Business Administration, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

FSA assists beginning farmers to finance agricultural enterprises. Under these
designated farm loan programs, FSA can provide financing to eligible applicants
through either direct or guaranteed loans. FSA defines a beginning farmer as a
person who:

- Has operated a farm for not more than 10 years

- Will materially and substantially participate in the operation of the farm

- Agrees to participate in a loan assessment, borrower training and financial
management
 program sponsored by FSA

- Does not own a farm in excess of 30 percent of the county's average size farm.

Additional program information, loan applications, and other materials are
available at your local USDA Service Center. You may also visit
www.fsa.usda.gov.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             325 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                          September 12, 2012 Wednesday

USDA official tours Brattleboro Co-op

BYLINE: By HOWARD WEISS-TISMAN / Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 388 words


Wednesday September 12, 2012

BRATTLEBORO -- U.S. Department of Agriculture Deputy Secretary Kathleen Merrigan
opened a day-long tour through southern Vermont and New Hampshire Tuesday with a
stop at the Brattleboro Food Co-op.

Merrigan was in Windham County, and in Cheshire County in New Hampshire, to
support food co-ops and small farms, and to promote USDA's Know Your Farmer
program which links consumers with small farms in their area.

The Co-op secured a $4-million USDA Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan for
its new $9-million building and Merrigan got a tour of the new co-op from
General Manager Alex Gyori.

Gyori led Merrigan and a small crowd of USDA staff members on the tour which
highlighted the local products that the co-op stocks in all of its departments.

Merrigan said USDA recognizes the co-op as a model project that promotes local
food and creates jobs.

"This store is an example of how everyone benefits when you invest in local
agriculture," said Merrigan. "The co-op has been a round for a long time and
this takes it to a whole new level."

Merrigan and her staff also looked at the new apartments on the second and third
floors of the co-op.

The apartments are owned and managed by the Windham & Windsor Housing Trust.

Merrigan was in Brattleboro last year while the co-op was under construction and
she said she was impressed with the store, which opened last month.

Gyori told Merrigan that produce sales were up 12 percent since the new store
opened.

She said the co-op's commitment to stocking locally raised produce, meat and
dairy supports the local agriculture economy while giving consumers more options
when seeking out local products.

"When the co-op does well it means more opportunities for local farmers,"
Merrigan said.

Later in the day Merrigan went to three farms in Walpole and Keene, N.H. and
then toured the site of the Monadnock Community Market Co-op in Keene.

The Keene co-op, which is set to open in early 2013, also secured a USDA
guaranteed loan to help with construction.

In the evening she spoke to students at Keene College about the opportunities
for young people in agriculture.

Merrigan has been visiting colleges across the nation to talk about agriculture
and has appeared on more than 30 campuses

Howard Weiss-Tisman can be reached athwtisman@reformer.com or at 802-254-2311
ext. 279.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Right, Alex Gyori, General Manager of Brattleboro Food Coop, gives a
tour of the new building to Agriculture Deputy Secretary Kathleen Merrigan,
Tuesday morning. (Zachary P. Stephens/Brattleboro Reformer)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             326 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 14, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Beginning Farmer Loans

LENGTH: 157  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 FSA assists beginning farmers to finance agricultural enterprises. Under these
designated farm loan programs, FSA can provide financing to eligible applicants
through either direct or guaranteed loans. FSA defines a beginning farmer as a
person who:





     Has operated a farm for not more than 10 years

     Will materially and substantially participate in the operation of the farm

     Agrees to participate in a loan assessment, borrower training and financial
management program sponsored by FSA

     Does not own a farm in excess of 30 percent of the county's average size
farm.



 Additional program information, loan applications, and other materials are
available at your local USDA Service Center.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             327 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         The Pendleton Record (Oregon)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 27, 2014

Farm Loan Program Modifications Create Flexibility for New and Existing Farmers
and Ranchers Alike

BYLINE: The Pendleton Record staff

LENGTH: 356  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsackhasannounced increased opportunity for
producers as a result of the 2014 Farm Bill. A fact sheet outlining
modifications to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Farm Service Agency
(FSA) Farm Loan Programs is available here.

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are the engine of the rural economy. These
improvements to our Farm Loan Programs will help a new generation begin farming
and grow existing farm operations," said Secretary Vilsack. "Today's
announcement represents just one part of a series of investments the new Farm
Bill makes in the next generation of agriculture, which is critical to economic
growth in communities across the country."

The Farm Bill expands lending opportunities for thousands o\ farmers and
ranchers to begin and continue operations, including greater flexibility in
determining eligibility, raising loan limits, and emphasizing beginning and
socially disadvantaged producers.

Changes that will take effect immediately include:

Elimination of loan term limits for guaranteed operating loans Modification of
the definition of beginning farmer, using the average farm size for the county
as a qualifier instead of the median farm size.

Modification of the Joint Financing Direct Farm Ownership Interest Rate to 2
percent less than regular Direct Farm Ownership rate, with a floor of 2.5
percent Previously, the rate was established at 5 percent.

Increase of the maximum loan amount for Direct Farm Ownership down payments from
$225,000 to $300,000.

Elimination of rural residency requirement for Youth Loans, allowing urban youth
to benefit Debt forgiveness on Youth Loans, which will not prevent borrowers
from obtaining additional loans from the federal government.

Increase of the guarantee amount on Conservation Loans from 75 to 80 percent and
90 percent for socially disadvantaged borrowers and beginning farmers.

Microloans will not count toward loan term limits for veterans and beginning
farmers.

Additional modifications must be implemented through the rulemaking processes.
Visit the FSA Farm Bill website for detailed information and updates to farm
loan programs.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PND

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2014 The Pendleton Record


                             328 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Clinch Valley Times (St. Paul, Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 10, 2014

Increased opportunity for producers as part of the New Farm Bill for 2014

BYLINE: Clinch Valley Times staff

LENGTH: 357  words


WASHINGTON -- Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced increased opportunity
for producers as a result of the 2014 Farm Bill. A fact sheet outlining
modifications to the U.S. Department of

Agriculture's (USDA) Farm Service Agency (FSA) Farm Loan Programs is available
here.

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are the engine of the rural economy. These
improvements to our Farm Loan Programs will help a new generation begin farming
and grow existing farm operations," said Secretary Vilsack. "This announcement
represents just one part of a series of investments the new Farm Bill makes in
the next generation of agriculture, which is critical to economic growth in
communities across the country."

The Farm Bill expands lending opportunities for thousands of farmers and
ranchers to begin and continue operations, including greater flexibility in
determining eligibility, raising loan limits, and emphasizing beginning and
socially disadvantaged producers.

Changes that will take effect immediately include:

-Elimination of loan term limits for guaranteed operating loans.

-Modification of the definition of beginning farmer, using the average farm size
for the county as a qualifier instead of the median farm size.

-Modification of the Joint Financing Direct Farm Ownership Interest Rate to 2
percent less than regular Direct Farm Ownership rate, with a floor of 2.5
percent. Previously, the rate was established at 5 percent.

-Increase of the maximum loan amount for Direct Farm Ownership down payments
from $225,000 to $300,000.

-Elimination of rural residency requirement for Youth Loans, allowing urban
youth to benefit.

-Debt forgiveness on Youth Loans, which will not prevent borrowers from
obtaining additional loans from the federal government.

-Increase of the guarantee amount on Conservation Loans from 75 to 80 percent
and 90 percent for socially disadvantaged borrowers and beginning farmers.

-Microloans will not count toward loan term limits for veterans and beginning
farmers.

Additional modifications must be implemented through the rulemaking processes.
Visit the FSA Farm Bill website for information and updates to farm loan
programs.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CVT

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 Clinch Valley Times


                             329 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



              The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 9, 2014

Farm Bill increases opportunities for farmers

BYLINE: The Lake Metigoshe Mirror staff

LENGTH: 356  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vil-sack announced increased opportunity for producers
as a result of the 2014 Farm Bill. A fact sheet outlining modifications to the
U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Farm Service Agency (FSA) Farm Loan
Programs is available here.

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are the engine of the rural economy," said
Secretary Vilsack. "These improvements to our Farm Loan Programs will help a new
generation begin farming and grow existing farm operations. This announcement
represents just one part of a series of investments the new Farm Bill makes in
the next generation of agriculture, which is critical to economic growth in
communities across the country."

The Farm Bill expands lending opportunities for thousands of farmers and
ranchers to begin and continue operations, including greater flexibility in
determining eligibility, raising loan limits, and emphasizing beginning and
socially disadvantaged producers.

Changes that will take effect immediately include:

Elimination of loan term limits for guaranteed operating loans.

Modification of the definition of beginning farmer, using the average farm size
for the county as a qualifier instead of the median farm size.

Modification of the Joint Financing Direct Farm Ownership Interest Rate to two
percent less than regular Direct Farm Ownership rate, with a floor of 2.5
percent. Previously, the rate was established at five percent.

Increase of the maximum loan amount for Direct Farm Ownership down payments from
$225,000 to $300,000.

Elimination of rural residency requirement for Youth Loans, allowing urban youth
to benefit.

Debt forgiveness on Youth Loans, which will not prevent borrowers from obtaining
additional loans from the federal government.

Increase of the guarantee amount on Conservation Loans from 75 to 80 percent and
90 percent for socially disadvantaged borrowers and beginning farmers.

Microloans will not count toward loan term limits for veterans and beginning
farmers.

Additional modifications must be implemented through the rulemaking processes.
Visit the FSA Farm Bill website for detailed information and updates to farm
loan programs.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LMT

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
       Copyright 2014 The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)


                             330 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 19, 1991, Tuesday, Final Edition

U.S. to Give Soviets New Food Aid;
$ 1.5 Billion Package Will Go to Republics

John E. Yang, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A1

LENGTH: 827 words


The Bush administration has decided to give the Soviet Union about $ 1.5 billion
in additional food aid and to channel it directly to the 12 remaining republics
rather than the central government in Moscow, marking a new stage in the
evolution of U.S.-Soviet relations, administration officials said yesterday.

While President Bush has spoken recently of increasing ties with the Soviet
republics, the food aid package would represent the first formal economic
agreement between the U.S. government and the increasingly independent
republics. The decision underscores the administration's recognition of the
disintegration of the Soviet Union's central government.

The aid would be significantly less than the Soviets had requested,
disappointing farm-state lawmakers on Capitol Hill who had hoped for a
burgeoning new market for their states' products. And in Moscow, U.S. Ambassador
Robert S. Strauss, who officials said had been briefed on the food aid package,
told reporters he would urge the administration to provide even more financial
assistance to the Soviet Union. [Details on Page A15.]

The assistance -- a combination of U.S.-guaranteed loans for the purchase of
American grain, direct shipments of food and technical assistance for food
production and distribution -- would go to the republics while the Kremlin would
play a coordinating role, the officials said. Each of the republics will have to
pledge to repay the loans, the officials said.

An announcement of the program was not likely to come before next week, the
officials said.

Bush had been reluctant to deal with the republics partially out of fear of
undermining Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev, with whom he has built a strong
relationship. But Bush also was afraid of getting caught up in political
squabbling -- both among the republics and between the republics and the central
government.

Recently, however, there has been a greater recognition within the
administration that independence-minded republics are a fact of life and that
the central government is disintegrating.

Administration officials still stress their desire to avoid getting tangled up
in inter-republic issues. They say that in their talks over Soviet aid and debt
payments, they are not making a political judgment but simply trying to make
sure that "the system doesn't . . . go off the rails."

The administration has sent medical supplies directly to republics, but has
never before entered into an economic agreement such as guaranteeing loans,
officials said.

As currently envisioned, the bulk of the package would be $ 1.25 billion in
U.S.-backed loans to allow the Soviets to buy American grain to feed both their
people and their livestock, the officials said. The remainder would include the
food shipments and technical help to create wholesale markets, to establish
model farms and to improve food distribution.

The aid is separate from the $ 1 billion that the chairmen of the House and
Senate Armed Services committees -- Rep. Les Aspin (D-Wis.) and Sen. Sam Nunn
(D-Ga.) -- unsuccessfully sought to shift from Pentagon funds to Soviet
assistance.

Late last month, Gorbachev asked Bush for $ 3.5 billion in additional guaranteed
loans and $ 1 billion in humanitarian assistance to keep this year's Soviet
grain supplies at last year's levels. This year's grain harvest is about 30
percent below last year's, according to Soviet estimates.

For months, Bush has promised that the United States would do what it could to
avoid food shortages in the Soviet Union this winter. The aid has been delayed
as U.S. officials watched the political squabbling among the Soviet republics
and the central government. Late last month, the 12 republics agreed to assume
responsibility for paying off the $ 68 billion foreign debt accumulated by the
Kremlin over the past two decades, though a Soviet news service suggested last
night that talks with officials of the seven leading industrial democracies now
in Moscow had hit a snag.

To buy time for the administration to pull the package together, Bush moved up
the availability of $ 585 million in U.S.-guaranteed agriculture loans. Since
last December, the United States has pledged $ 2.5 billion in food aid to the
Soviet Union, most of it in loan guarantees.

Farm-state lawmakers expressed disappointment at the size of the proposed aid
package. "It's going to be viewed very, very negatively by farmers and by the
market," said Sen. Charles E. Grassley (R-Iowa), who is running for reelection
next year. Grassley suggested that announcement of a smaller credit package
could cause a sharp downturn in prices for corn, wheat, soybeans and soybean
meal, commodities the Soviets traditionally purchase in bulk.

Rep. David R. Nagle (D-Iowa) called the package "a twofer -- it's too little,
too late. . . . The Soviets lose and so does the American farmer."

Staff writers Guy Gugliotta and Steven Mufson contributed to this report.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS, FOREIGN NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                             331 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            July 29, 1998, Wednesday

Hands off the farm law

BYLINE: BY JOHN R. BLOCK

SECTION: EDITORIAL/OPINION; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 905 words


Lower prices for grains and oilseeds this spring and summer are stimulating a
debate about federal farm policies and whether the ""Freedom to Farm'' law -
officially known as the Federal Agricultural Improvement and Reform Act - should
be modified to ""protect'' producers when commodity prices slump.

Several farm-state senators and representatives recently attempted to lay the
blame for weaker crop prices at the door of the FAIR Act, and Secretary of
Agriculture Dan Glickman is under mounting pressure to prop up prices through
government intervention in markets.

Tampering with the FAIR Act would not accomplish those objectives and, in fact,
would leave growers less able to compete and prosper in the years ahead.

We learned a bitter lesson in the 1980s: Government efforts to manipulate crop
prices made a bad situation worse by forfeiting export markets. Farm programs in
effect for most of the 60 years prior to the enactment of "" Freedom to Farm''
worked in opposition to the natural competitiveness of U.S. agriculture.

In contrast, the FAIR Act has allowed producers almost total freedom to manage
their farms efficiently, in an environmentally sound manner, and to respond to
market signals instead of government farm programs. Moreover, the new law's
""market transition payments'' to growers in just two years have boosted farm
income about $7.5 billion higher than the old crop programs. These payments have
provided farmers a strong ""safety net'' by providing income protection when
crop prices and farm yields are lower than expected.

In higher farm-price years like 1996 and 1997, or lower farm-price years like
this year, the fortunes of U.S. agriculture are inextricably linked to world
markets. U.S. productive capacity far exceeds domestic demand. Fully a third of
U.S. agricultural production must be exported for U.S. agriculture to prosper.
U.S. farm goods must be price competitive or export markets will be lost to
competitor nations.

But as we know, U.S. and world agricultural markets are cyclical. Reduced export
demand this year due to economic problems in many Asian countries, combined with
increased South American production, has caused commodity prices to soften
around the world.

The Agriculture Department's current proposal to increase commodity loan levels
and to extend loans beyond nine months - in layman's language, jacking up the
government's guaranteed price per bushel of grain or oilseed crops - is
reminiscent of steps taken in the early 1980s. The increased price-support loans
enacted in the 1981 farm bill caused U.S. grains and oilseeds to become
noncompetitively priced in world markets. The U.S. lost export sales to
competitor nations and U.S. producers, through loan programs, ""sold'' grains
and oilseeds to the government.

Over several years, government-owned stocks of grains and oilseeds, as well as
farm program costs, grew to record high levels. Although ""loans'' (or
government price guarantees) for grains and oilseeds now have features that will
result in less government stock-building, the general effect from increasing
loan levels would be the same as in the early 1980s.

Producers would be encouraged to produce for increased farm program benefits
instead of market returns. The period of low prices would be prolonged because
the market signals necessary to increase consumption of agricultural products
and to reduce or shift production to other products would be blocked by
government action. Higher taxpayer costs would likely lead to the renewal of
""acreage reduction programs'' (or government planting controls).

The major role of government in U.S. agriculture in the 21st century should be
to work toward improving world demand for U.S. agricultural products. American
agriculture needs government to negotiate new trade agreements and resolve trade
disputes. Congress must approve ""fast-track'' negotiating authority so the
United States can lead in moving multilateral trade negotiations forward.

In addition, Congress must approve additional funding for the International
Monetary Fund so that agriculture trade between countries with balance of
payments or other economic difficulties can be preserved. The president and
Congress also need to reconsider trade sanctions, which prevent exports of
agricultural products to an ever-growing list of countries around the world
while undermining America's reputation as a reliable supplier.

Farmers, understandably, will always be concerned when prices fall to low
levels. However, most have learned from the policy mistakes of the past. They
understand that in a world market where the vast majority of world production
occurs outside the United States, no farm program can alter world market
conditions. The answer to low prices is to build stronger demand for U.S.
agricultural products by expanding world trade opportunities.

Federal farm policies should remain focused on providing an environment in which
our sector may compete and prosper in the years ahead. The new research and crop
insurance bill should be implemented swiftly and effectively to deal with
localized problems that hurt the bottom line of farming. These measures, coupled
with the FAIR Act, which supports farm income through guaranteed direct
payments, best serve 21st century American agriculture.

Let's seize the opportunities of the future and not repeat the errors of the
past.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1998 Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             332 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           September 30, 1983 Friday

Two rescue bids expected for White Farm

BYLINE: ANN SILVERSIDES; GAM

LENGTH: 698 words


By  ANN SILVERSIDES
   At least two new bids for White Farm Equipment Ltd. of Brantford, Ont.,
 are expected to be in the hands of the receiver today ahead of a meeting
 with major creditors and representatives of the Ontario and federal
 governments.

John Buhler, president of Farm King Ltd. of Morden, Man., said he is
 submitting an $11.6-million bid for White Farm, which went into
 receivership in mid-June.

Mr. Buhler, who has bought and turned around a number of financially
 troubled companies in Manitoba, said his bid is to keep the company
 operating, with the assets moved to Manitoba, and involves the support of
 some White Farm dealers in the West.

His proposal "would be very difficult" without the backing of Borg-
 Warner Acceptance Corp. of Chicago and White Farm Equipment Co. of
 Oakbrook, Ill., he said. (Borg-Warner, and its Canadian subsidiary, have
 financed $200-million worth of White Farm inventory in the United States,
 and $60-million worth of inventory in Canada.)
    The receiver cannot accept offers on White Farm legally without a
 $500,000 deposit, but Mr. Buhler said he hopes a $100,000 deposit will be
 enough "to stall off liquidation."
    A federal government official, who said White Farm's assets have been
 valued at $13-million, said that "even if a decision is made to go the
 liquidation route, it is not a matter of snapping your fingers. It can
 take months, and at any time, it can be stopped with an (acceptable)
 offer."
    Meanwhile, Percy Schmeiser, head of the White Farm dealers western
 association, which wants to see White Farm kept operating, said he is
 aware of interested parties other than Mr. Buhler and expects they will
 also have offers for the receiver, Peat Marwick Ltd. of Toronto today. The
 dealers are "proceeding with caution and prepared to support anyone who
 will keep the company operating."
    Borg-Warner's vice-president, finance, Thomas Hopkins, said his company
 "would be willing to participate, financially, with any buyer who comes
 along, and we're certainly willing to support the dealer organization."
 Earlier this year, Borg-Warner said it had $20-million to invest in White
 Farm.

The meeting today, to consider bids, will be between the receiver, the
 Royal Bank of Canada, the Mercantile Bank of Canada, Roynat Ltd., and
 representatives of the federal and provincial governments which
 guaranteed, respectively, $10-million and $5-million worth of loans to
 White Farm.

The only known standing bid for White Farm is from Massey-Ferguson Ltd.
 of Toronto. That bid would mean liquidation of the company, because Massey
 has offered to buy only White's axial flow combine technology and some of
 its engineering operations.

White Farm dealers started organizing to oppose liquidation after
 federal Agriculture Minister Eugene Whelan said last week that Massey
 might well be the successful bidder. Political pressure has also stepped
 up, as officials from the Prairie Provinces have been urging the federal
 Government to do what it can to keep White Farm operating.

Another bid, from White Farm Equipment and financially backed by Borg-
 Warner, was not considered by the receiver or the two governments to be
 acceptable because of the amount of the bid and because there was
 apparently no guarantee that White Farm's axial flow combine technology,
 its most valuable asset, would remain in Canada.

However, the Ontario "and the federal Government have felt that if
 there is a chance of keeping the company operating, it will be because
 Borg-Warner steps up to the table (again)," said the Ontario Development
 Corp., the agency that guaranteed loans to White Farm.

Borg-Warner's president, Donald Toriksy, has said his company is not in
 a position to buy White Farm, but rather to back a buyer.

To the federal Government, a key concern is that - whether White Farm
 is liquidated or sold - farmers with White Farm equipment will continue to
 have replacement parts.
    "Obviously, we are interested in taking seriously continued parts
 supply for farmers; a lot of White Farm customers are also Massey
 customers . . . . We would do whatever we can to protect those farmers out
 there," said Peter Collins, Massey's vice-president of communications.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             333 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

Farm Bill; Strategic Economic and Community Development-Reservation of Fiscal
Year 2016 Program Funds

LENGTH: 1315  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Utilities Service
(RUS)



 Action



 Notice.

 Summary



 Section 6025 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill) provides the
Secretary of Agriculture the authority to give priority to projects that support
strategic economic development or community development plans. The Agency has
the authority to reserve funds for those programs (referred to as the
"underlying programs") included in 7 CFR part 1980, subpart K, Strategic
Economic and Community Development (SECD), for projects that support
multi-jurisdictional strategic economic and community development plans. This
notice identifies for fiscal year 2016 the underlying programs from which funds
will be reserved for Section 6025 SECD requirements. Those programs are listed
in the SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION section.



 Dates



 Effective Date: October 1, 2015.

 For Further Information Contact



 For more information, please contact your respective Rural Development State
Office listed here: http://www.rd.usda.gov/browse-state. A checklist of all
required application information for Section 6025 SECD can be found at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/strategic-economic-and-community-develo
pment.



 For all other inquiries, contact Regional Community Economic Development
Coordinators as follows:



     Midwest Region--Christine Sorensen: 202-568-9832,
Christine.Sorensen@wdc.usda.gov

     Northeast Region--Angela Callie: 610-791-9810 ext. 123,
Angela.Callie@wdc.usda.gov

     Southern Region--Greg Dale: (870) 633-3055 Ext. 123,
Gregory.Dale@wdc.usda.gov

     National Office--Farah Ahmad, Program Manager: Rural Business-Cooperative
Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Stop 3254, 1400 Independence Avenue
SW., Washington, DC 20250-0783, Email: RDCED@wdc.usda.gov



 Supplementary Information



 This action has been reviewed and determined not to be a rule or regulation as
defined in Executive Order 12866, as amended by Executive Order 13258.



 As provided for in 7 CFR 1980.1004, this notice identifies for fiscal year 2016
the underlying programs from which funds will be reserved for Section 6025 SECD
requirements. The following table specifies the level of program funding
allocations from which the Section 6025 SECD reserved funds will be drawn, and
the percentage of funds being reserved from the underlying program funding
allocations.

 &emsp; Program    Level of funding allocations    Percentage of funds reserved
for section 6025

 Community Facility Loans (7 CFR part 1942, subpart A)    State    5 percent.

 Fire and Rescue and Other Small Community Facilities Projects (7 CFR part 1942,
subpart C)    State    5 percent.

 Community Facilities Grant Program (7 CFR part 3570, subpart B)    State    10
percent.

 Community Programs Guaranteed Loans (7 CFR part 3575, subpart A)    National
10 percent.

 Water and Waste Disposal Programs Guaranteed Loans (7 CFR part 1779)
National    10 percent.

 Water and Waste Loans and Grants (7 CFR part 1780, subparts A, B, C, and D)
National    10 percent loan; 5 percent grant.

 Business and Industry Guaranteed Loanmaking and Servicing (7 CFR part 4279,
subparts A and B; 7 CFR part 4287, subpart B)    National    5 percent.

 Rural Business Development Grants (7 CFR part 4280, subpart E)    State    5
percent.



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture remains committed to assisting high-poverty
communities as one of its strategic priorities. The programs listed above
consider poverty-related criteria in its application requirements. For this
reason, Section 6025 offers an incentive for high poverty communities to have
increased access to these programs so long as they have eligible projects that
support the implementation of a multi-jurisdictional plan. This is particularly
beneficial for areas such as Promise Zones, the Delta, Appalachia, Colonias, and
other rural places with persistent poverty issues.



 If submitting projects for consideration for the underlying program's Section
6025 SECD reserved funds, applicants must (1) meet the eligibility requirements
of the underlying program based on its annual notice, policies and/or
regulations, including application deadlines; (2) meet the eligibility
requirements of Section 6025 SECD in accordance with this Notice and 7 CFR part
1980, subpart K; and (3) submit Form RD 1980-88 and supporting documentation.
Applicants are encouraged to submit Form RD 1980-88 and supporting documentation
concurrent with the application for the underlying program for which the
applicant is applying, in an effort to avoid improper or duplicative awards to
recipients as required by law. Rural Development will work with programs to
ensure the review process is compliant and consistent with Section 6025 SECD
regulation.



 All of the underlying program's reserves for Section 6025 SECD competition must
be obligated by the Agency no later than June 30, 2016. As provided for in 7 CFR
1980.1004(c), the Agency will return any reserved funds that are not obligated
by June 30, 2016, to the underlying program's regular funding account for
obligation to all eligible projects in that program. After June 30, 2016, any
project that supports a multi-jurisdictional strategic economic and community
development plan may be competed with all other projects within the applicable
underlying program for the remainder of FY 2016, but without the benefit of any
mandated priority points and access to reserved funds available under 7 CFR part
1980, subpart K.



 This notice establishes the listed percentages of funds reserved for Section
6025 and is effective October 1, 2015 for the entirety of FY 2016 and the
entirety of each succeeding fiscal year unless changed in accordance with 7 CFR
1980.1004(b).

 USDA Non-Discrimination Statement



 In accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices,
and employees, and institutions participating in or administering USDA programs
are prohibited from discriminating based on race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity (including gender expression), sexual
orientation, disability, age, marital status, family/parental status, income
derived from a public assistance program, political beliefs, or reprisal or
retaliation for prior civil rights activity, in any program or activity
conducted or funded by USDA (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and
complaint filing deadlines vary by program or incident.



 Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of communication for
program information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, American Sign
Language, etc.) should contact the responsible Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service
at (800) 877-8339. Additionally, program information may be made available in
languages other than English.



 To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA Program
Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or
write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the
information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint form, call
(866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA by:



 1. Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant Secretary for
Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410;



 2. Fax: (202) 690-7442; or



 3. Email: program.intake@usda.gov



 USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.

 Dated: March 3, 2016.

 Lisa Mensah,

 Under Secretary, Rural Development.

 [FR Doc. 2016-06035 Filed 3-16-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             334 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

Farm Bill; Strategic Economic and Community Development-Reservation of Fiscal
Year 2016 Program Funds

LENGTH: 1315  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Housing Service
(RHS)



  Action



 Notice.

 Summary



 Section 6025 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill) provides the
Secretary of Agriculture the authority to give priority to projects that support
strategic economic development or community development plans. The Agency has
the authority to reserve funds for those programs (referred to as the
"underlying programs") included in 7 CFR part 1980, subpart K, Strategic
Economic and Community Development (SECD), for projects that support
multi-jurisdictional strategic economic and community development plans. This
notice identifies for fiscal year 2016 the underlying programs from which funds
will be reserved for Section 6025 SECD requirements. Those programs are listed
in the SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION section.



 Dates



 Effective Date: October 1, 2015.

 For Further Information Contact



 For more information, please contact your respective Rural Development State
Office listed here: http://www.rd.usda.gov/browse-state. A checklist of all
required application information for Section 6025 SECD can be found at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/strategic-economic-and-community-develo
pment.



 For all other inquiries, contact Regional Community Economic Development
Coordinators as follows:



     Midwest Region--Christine Sorensen: 202-568-9832,
Christine.Sorensen@wdc.usda.gov

     Northeast Region--Angela Callie: 610-791-9810 ext. 123,
Angela.Callie@wdc.usda.gov

     Southern Region--Greg Dale: (870) 633-3055 Ext. 123,
Gregory.Dale@wdc.usda.gov

     National Office--Farah Ahmad, Program Manager: Rural Business-Cooperative
Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Stop 3254, 1400 Independence Avenue
SW., Washington, DC 20250-0783, Email: RDCED@wdc.usda.gov



 Supplementary Information



 This action has been reviewed and determined not to be a rule or regulation as
defined in Executive Order 12866, as amended by Executive Order 13258.



 As provided for in 7 CFR 1980.1004, this notice identifies for fiscal year 2016
the underlying programs from which funds will be reserved for Section 6025 SECD
requirements. The following table specifies the level of program funding
allocations from which the Section 6025 SECD reserved funds will be drawn, and
the percentage of funds being reserved from the underlying program funding
allocations.

 &emsp; Program    Level of funding allocations    Percentage of funds reserved
for section 6025

 Community Facility Loans (7 CFR part 1942, subpart A)    State    5 percent.

 Fire and Rescue and Other Small Community Facilities Projects (7 CFR part 1942,
subpart C)    State    5 percent.

 Community Facilities Grant Program (7 CFR part 3570, subpart B)    State    10
percent.

 Community Programs Guaranteed Loans (7 CFR part 3575, subpart A)    National
10 percent.

 Water and Waste Disposal Programs Guaranteed Loans (7 CFR part 1779)
National    10 percent.

 Water and Waste Loans and Grants (7 CFR part 1780, subparts A, B, C, and D)
National    10 percent loan; 5 percent grant.

 Business and Industry Guaranteed Loanmaking and Servicing (7 CFR part 4279,
subparts A and B; 7 CFR part 4287, subpart B)    National    5 percent.

 Rural Business Development Grants (7 CFR part 4280, subpart E)    State    5
percent.



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture remains committed to assisting high-poverty
communities as one of its strategic priorities. The programs listed above
consider poverty-related criteria in its application requirements. For this
reason, Section 6025 offers an incentive for high poverty communities to have
increased access to these programs so long as they have eligible projects that
support the implementation of a multi-jurisdictional plan. This is particularly
beneficial for areas such as Promise Zones, the Delta, Appalachia, Colonias, and
other rural places with persistent poverty issues.



 If submitting projects for consideration for the underlying program's Section
6025 SECD reserved funds, applicants must (1) meet the eligibility requirements
of the underlying program based on its annual notice, policies and/or
regulations, including application deadlines; (2) meet the eligibility
requirements of Section 6025 SECD in accordance with this Notice and 7 CFR part
1980, subpart K; and (3) submit Form RD 1980-88 and supporting documentation.
Applicants are encouraged to submit Form RD 1980-88 and supporting documentation
concurrent with the application for the underlying program for which the
applicant is applying, in an effort to avoid improper or duplicative awards to
recipients as required by law. Rural Development will work with programs to
ensure the review process is compliant and consistent with Section 6025 SECD
regulation.



 All of the underlying program's reserves for Section 6025 SECD competition must
be obligated by the Agency no later than June 30, 2016. As provided for in 7 CFR
1980.1004(c), the Agency will return any reserved funds that are not obligated
by June 30, 2016, to the underlying program's regular funding account for
obligation to all eligible projects in that program. After June 30, 2016, any
project that supports a multi-jurisdictional strategic economic and community
development plan may be competed with all other projects within the applicable
underlying program for the remainder of FY 2016, but without the benefit of any
mandated priority points and access to reserved funds available under 7 CFR part
1980, subpart K.



 This notice establishes the listed percentages of funds reserved for Section
6025 and is effective October 1, 2015 for the entirety of FY 2016 and the
entirety of each succeeding fiscal year unless changed in accordance with 7 CFR
1980.1004(b).

 USDA Non-Discrimination Statement



 In accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices,
and employees, and institutions participating in or administering USDA programs
are prohibited from discriminating based on race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity (including gender expression), sexual
orientation, disability, age, marital status, family/parental status, income
derived from a public assistance program, political beliefs, or reprisal or
retaliation for prior civil rights activity, in any program or activity
conducted or funded by USDA (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and
complaint filing deadlines vary by program or incident.



 Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of communication for
program information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, American Sign
Language, etc.) should contact the responsible Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service
at (800) 877-8339. Additionally, program information may be made available in
languages other than English.



 To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA Program
Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or
write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the
information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint form, call
(866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA by:



 1. Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant Secretary for
Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410;



 2. Fax: (202) 690-7442; or



 3. Email: program.intake@usda.gov



 USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.

 Dated: March 3, 2016.

 Lisa Mensah,

 Under Secretary, Rural Development.

 [FR Doc. 2016-06035 Filed 3-16-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             335 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

Farm Bill; Strategic Economic and Community Development-Reservation of Fiscal
Year 2016 Program Funds

LENGTH: 1317  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)



  Action



 Notice.

 Summary



 Section 6025 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill) provides the
Secretary of Agriculture the authority to give priority to projects that support
strategic economic development or community development plans. The Agency has
the authority to reserve funds for those programs (referred to as the
"underlying programs") included in 7 CFR part 1980, subpart K, Strategic
Economic and Community Development (SECD), for projects that support
multi-jurisdictional strategic economic and community development plans. This
notice identifies for fiscal year 2016 the underlying programs from which funds
will be reserved for Section 6025 SECD requirements. Those programs are listed
in the SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION section.



 Dates



 Effective Date: October 1, 2015.

 For Further Information Contact



 For more information, please contact your respective Rural Development State
Office listed here: http://www.rd.usda.gov/browse-state. A checklist of all
required application information for Section 6025 SECD can be found at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/strategic-economic-and-community-develo
pment.



 For all other inquiries, contact Regional Community Economic Development
Coordinators as follows:



     Midwest Region--Christine Sorensen: 202-568-9832,
Christine.Sorensen@wdc.usda.gov

     Northeast Region--Angela Callie: 610-791-9810 ext. 123,
Angela.Callie@wdc.usda.gov

     Southern Region--Greg Dale: (870) 633-3055 Ext. 123,
Gregory.Dale@wdc.usda.gov

     National Office--Farah Ahmad, Program Manager: Rural Business-Cooperative
Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Stop 3254, 1400 Independence Avenue
SW., Washington, DC 20250-0783, Email: RDCED@wdc.usda.gov



 Supplementary Information



 This action has been reviewed and determined not to be a rule or regulation as
defined in Executive Order 12866, as amended by Executive Order 13258.



 As provided for in 7 CFR 1980.1004, this notice identifies for fiscal year 2016
the underlying programs from which funds will be reserved for Section 6025 SECD
requirements. The following table specifies the level of program funding
allocations from which the Section 6025 SECD reserved funds will be drawn, and
the percentage of funds being reserved from the underlying program funding
allocations.

 &emsp; Program    Level of funding allocations    Percentage of funds reserved
for section 6025

 Community Facility Loans (7 CFR part 1942, subpart A)    State    5 percent.

 Fire and Rescue and Other Small Community Facilities Projects (7 CFR part 1942,
subpart C)    State    5 percent.

 Community Facilities Grant Program (7 CFR part 3570, subpart B)    State    10
percent.

 Community Programs Guaranteed Loans (7 CFR part 3575, subpart A)    National
10 percent.

 Water and Waste Disposal Programs Guaranteed Loans (7 CFR part 1779)
National    10 percent.

 Water and Waste Loans and Grants (7 CFR part 1780, subparts A, B, C, and D)
National    10 percent loan; 5 percent grant.

 Business and Industry Guaranteed Loanmaking and Servicing (7 CFR part 4279,
subparts A and B; 7 CFR part 4287, subpart B)    National    5 percent.

 Rural Business Development Grants (7 CFR part 4280, subpart E)    State    5
percent.



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture remains committed to assisting high-poverty
communities as one of its strategic priorities. The programs listed above
consider poverty-related criteria in its application requirements. For this
reason, Section 6025 offers an incentive for high poverty communities to have
increased access to these programs so long as they have eligible projects that
support the implementation of a multi-jurisdictional plan. This is particularly
beneficial for areas such as Promise Zones, the Delta, Appalachia, Colonias, and
other rural places with persistent poverty issues.



 If submitting projects for consideration for the underlying program's Section
6025 SECD reserved funds, applicants must (1) meet the eligibility requirements
of the underlying program based on its annual notice, policies and/or
regulations, including application deadlines; (2) meet the eligibility
requirements of Section 6025 SECD in accordance with this Notice and 7 CFR part
1980, subpart K; and (3) submit Form RD 1980-88 and supporting documentation.
Applicants are encouraged to submit Form RD 1980-88 and supporting documentation
concurrent with the application for the underlying program for which the
applicant is applying, in an effort to avoid improper or duplicative awards to
recipients as required by law. Rural Development will work with programs to
ensure the review process is compliant and consistent with Section 6025 SECD
regulation.



 All of the underlying program's reserves for Section 6025 SECD competition must
be obligated by the Agency no later than June 30, 2016. As provided for in 7 CFR
1980.1004(c), the Agency will return any reserved funds that are not obligated
by June 30, 2016, to the underlying program's regular funding account for
obligation to all eligible projects in that program. After June 30, 2016, any
project that supports a multi-jurisdictional strategic economic and community
development plan may be competed with all other projects within the applicable
underlying program for the remainder of FY 2016, but without the benefit of any
mandated priority points and access to reserved funds available under 7 CFR part
1980, subpart K.



 This notice establishes the listed percentages of funds reserved for Section
6025 and is effective October 1, 2015 for the entirety of FY 2016 and the
entirety of each succeeding fiscal year unless changed in accordance with 7 CFR
1980.1004(b).

 USDA Non-Discrimination Statement



 In accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices,
and employees, and institutions participating in or administering USDA programs
are prohibited from discriminating based on race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity (including gender expression), sexual
orientation, disability, age, marital status, family/parental status, income
derived from a public assistance program, political beliefs, or reprisal or
retaliation for prior civil rights activity, in any program or activity
conducted or funded by USDA (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and
complaint filing deadlines vary by program or incident.



 Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of communication for
program information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, American Sign
Language, etc.) should contact the responsible Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service
at (800) 877-8339. Additionally, program information may be made available in
languages other than English.



 To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA Program
Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or
write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the
information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint form, call
(866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA by:



 1. Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant Secretary for
Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410;



 2. Fax: (202) 690-7442; or



 3. Email: program.intake@usda.gov



 USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.

 Dated: March 3, 2016.

 Lisa Mensah,

 Under Secretary, Rural Development.

 [FR Doc. 2016-06035 Filed 3-16-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             336 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Holmes County Herald (Lexington, Mississippi)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 24, 2014

Agriculture Secretary Vilsack announced increased opportunity for producers

BYLINE: Holmes County Herald staff

LENGTH: 362  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack recently announced increased opportunity for
producers as a result of the 2014 Farm Bill. A fact sheet outlining
modifications to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Farm Service Agency
(FSA) Farm Loan Programs is available on the FSA Farm Bill website
www.fsa.usda.gov.

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are the engine of the rural economy. These
improvements to our Farm Loan Programs will help a new generation begin farming
and grow existing farm operations," said Secretary Vilsack. "This announcement
represents just one part of a series of investments the new Farm Bill makes in
the next generation of agriculture, which is critical to economic growth in
communities across the country."

The Farm Bill expands lending opportunities for thousands of farmers and
ranchers to begin and continue operations, including greater flexibility in
determining eligibility, raising loan limits, and emphasizing beginning and
socially disadvantaged producers.

Changes that will take effect immediately include:

Elimination of loan term limits for guaranteed operating loans Modification of
the definition of beginning farmer, using the average farm size for the county
as a qualifier instead of the median farm size.

Modification of the Joint Financing Direct Farm Ownership Interest Rate to 2
percent less than regular Direct Farm Ownership rate, with a floor of 2.5
percent Previously, the rate was established at 5 percent.

Increase of the maximum loan amount for Direct Farm Ownership down payments from
$225,000 to $300,000 Elimination of rural residency requirement for Youth Loans,
allowing urban youth to benefit Debt forgiveness on Youth Loans, which will not
prevent borrowers from obtaining additional loans from the federal government.

Increase of the guarantee amount on Conservation Loans from 75 to 80 percent and
90 percent for socially disadvantaged borrowers and beginning farmers.

Microloans will not count toward loan term limits for veterans and beginning
farmers.

Additional modifications must be implemented through the rulemaking processes.
Visit www.fsa.usda.gov for detailed information and updates to farm loan
programs.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HCH

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2014 Holmes County Herald


                             337 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Courier (Freeman, South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 31, 2011

Disadvantaged farm loans available

BYLINE: Freeman Courier staff

LENGTH: 181  words


Farm Service Agency makes and guarantees loans to eligible socially
disadvantaged farmers (SDA) to buy and operate family size farms and ranches.
Each fiscal year, the agency targets a portion of its direct and guaranteed farm
ownership (FO) and operating loan (OL) funds to SDA farmers. Non-reserved funds
can also be used by SDA persons.

A SDA group is a group whose members have been subject to racial, ethnic or
gender prejudice because of their identity as members of a group without regard
to their individual qualities. These groups consist of American Indians or
Alaskan Natives, Asians, African Americans, Native Hawaiians, or other Pacific
Islanders,

Hispanics and women.

Farm Service Agency's goals are to: 1. Help remove barriers that prevent full
participation of SDA farmers in FSA's farm loan programs and 2. Provide
information and assistance to SDA farmers to help them develop sound farm
management practices, analyze problems and plan the best use of available
resources essential for success.

FSA Notes by Charlene Neugebauer Hutchinson County FSA office Parkston -
928-7925

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FRE

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2011 Freeman, South Dakota Courier


                             338 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Farm Credit System Bonds May Be Deemed Unfit Collateral for State Deposits in
Kansas

                           October 31, 1985, Thursday

By STEVEN MILLS

DATELINE: CHICAGO


On top of the many problems laid before their doors, Kansas bankers are now
faced with the possibility that Farm Credit System bonds will be declared unfit
for pledging against state deposits held by banks.

In May, State Treasurer Joan Finney requested that Robert Stephan, attorney
general, rule on the eligibility of those bonds, as well as other agency bonds,
such as Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. bonds, Government National Mortgage
Association bonds, and Federal National Mortgage Association bonds. Those
securities have long been considered suitable collateral to back state funds at
banks.

The Farm Credit System issues bonds to meet its funding needs in making loans to
farmers throughout the country. The system currently faces massive losses and
may need a federal bailout to restore confidence.

Mr. Stephan has yet to rule on the eligibility of the bonds. His office declined
to discuss them, saying it ''would not be fruitful to speculate on the effects
of the outcome.''

No other state is known to be questioning the eligibility of Farm Credit System
bonds as securities against state deposits. Many states have statutes that
require idle government funds held on deposit at state financial institutions be
secured.

igibility of the bonds was a routine policy matter. She said that if Mr.
Stephan rules the bonds ineligible for pledging, she will go to the state
Legislature in January and ask it to reverse the ruling.

''It is a routine review,'' she said. ''It is not a policy decision.  Bankers do
not have to be fearful.'' Dubious Distinction

But bankers apparently are fearful. Kansas and Oklahoma lead the nation in bank
failures, with 11 each this year. It is an ignominious distinction that Kansas
bankers would like to shed.

''This is like an irrational prairie fire,'' said Don C. Steffes, president of
the $110 million McPherson Bank and Trust Co. in McPherson, Kan.  ''This is a
thousand times more important than the Continental bank thing. It makes that
look like kid stuff.'' That is a reference to the near failure and subsequent
bailout last year of Continental Illinois National Bank and Trust Co. of
Chicago.

Mr. Steffes said his bank had sold the $2 million in Farm Credit System bonds it
had pledged for state deposits. While he and other bankers recognize the state
treasurer's responsibility to protect state funds, Mr. Steffes thinks Ms. Finney
has forgotten her obligation to the state's bankers.

''I don't think you will find a single agricultural banker going into the market
to buy more bonds,'' he said. ''Why take the additional risk when we already
have a substantial risk in agriculture.''

Before Ms. Finney requested that the attorney general review the farm credit
bonds, bond purchases outpaced sales two-to-one, said Gary Smith, a vice
president at George Baum and Co., a Kansas City, Kan., investment firm.  Since
her request, sales have outpaced purchases 10-to-1.

''Her decision is unfortunate,'' Mr. Smith said. ''It seems a little
shortsighted to make the financing of securities more difficult.''

Mr. Smith said there was a ''shadow of a doubt'' that the bonds would not be
redeemable at full value. Ms. Finney's action, he added, was worsening an
already existing crisis of confidence.

''Politically, I would think that she would want to shore up confidence rather
than tear it down,'' he said. ''This kind of thing feeds on itself and is bad
for the financial system.'' Last Straw

James S. Maag, director of research at the Kansas Bankers Association, said that
about 100 of the state's 618 banks hold Farm Credit System bonds. He said if Mr.
Stephan rules the bonds ineligible, bankers will have to either li quidate the
bonds and find other means of collateral for state funds or give up the $350
million in public funds for which the bonds are collateral.

''If you had a bank that was struggling with its agricultural loans, this might
be the straw that breaks them,'' Mr. Maag said. ''But I think that is a remote
possibility.''

Mr. Maag thinks that the small rural banks would be the most vulnerable if Mr.
Stephan rules against the bonds. He said a bank whose investment portfolio was
heavy with agency bonds would most likely have to sell the bonds at a loss.

The Farm Credit System, whose health is at the center of the controversy, is
concerned, too. For years, farm bankers have considered Farm Credit System bonds
and other agency bonds to be government guaranteed. But these bonds, ill-defined
as they are, are government sponsored, rather than guaranteed.

Mr. Steffes, president of the McPherson bank, said that the misconception over
the status of agency bonds is widespread. ''They have been implying for many
years, and the interest rate is evidence of it, that they are guaranteed,'' he
said. ''When they borrow, they imply they are an arm of the government. But,
when they lend, they are independent. You have got to read the fine print.''

Legislature Might Overturn Ruling

Ronald Wilson, vice president of legislative services at the Farm Credit System,
thinks Ms. Finney's move will undermine the already shaken confidence in the
Farm Credit System. He said also that the state treasurer's actions would push
interest rates higher for Kansas bankers.

''We see the state treasurer's move as a negative one,'' Mr. Wilson said.
''There are an awful lot of banks that use Farm Credit System bonds in Kansas.
It will hurt them. We don't need to complicate the situation of Kansas' rural
bankers.''

If the Kansas attorney general rules against the bonds, Mr. Wilson thinks the
Legislature will overturn the attorney general's ruling. ''It would be a
positive step to take on behalf of rural bankers,'' he said.

Mr. Maag agreed. ''I'm sure they will overturn it,'' he said.

There is at least one banker in Kansas who looks at the problem from another
angle. Dale Page, a vice president at the Hutchinson National Bank and Trust Co.
in Hutchinson, Kan., thinks Farm Credit System bonds are now an attractive buy.

''It is inconceivable to me that the government will not bail out the Farm
Credit System,'' Mr. Page said. ''For those people who are risk-takers, I think
the spread of 125 basis points over a comparable Treasury bond is worth the
risk.

''Besides, when is the last time you ever made money being in the majority?''

SECTION: KANSAS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1058 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             339 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Askov American (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 22, 2012

Financial help available for beginning, limited resource farmers

BYLINE: Ryan M. Brunn, CED Kanabec & Pine Counties Farm Service Agency

LENGTH: 147  words


The Farm Service Agency (FSA) assists beginning farmers and/or members of
socially disadvantaged groups to finance agricultural enterprises. Under these
designated farm loan programs, FSA can provide financing to eligible applicants
through either direct or guaranteed loans. FSA defines a beginning farmer as a
person who:

- Has operated a farm for not more than 10 years.

- Will materially and substantially participate in the operation of the farm.

- Agrees to participate in a loan assessment, borrower training and financial
management program sponsored by FSA.

- Does not own a farm in excess of 30 percent of the county's median size.

Additional program information, loan applications and other materials are
available at the Kanabec/Pine FSA office. To set up an appointment with a member
of the loan team call (320) 679-2080, ext. 2. Visit www.fsa.usda.gov for more
information.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AKV

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2012 Askov American


                             340 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             March 30, 2003 Sunday

Program helps man's dream come true

BYLINE: mailto:jeverly@wcinet.comJOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Pg. a1

LENGTH: 362 words

DATELINE: CUBA CITY, Wis.


For Aaron Leibfried, the 2002 Farm Bill provided the opportunity to pursue a
dream.

Leibfried, 28, was working as a carpenter five years ago when he and his wife,
Julie, decided they wanted to make farming their future.

They are now partners in their family's dairy, which will be certified organic
in October.

The farm bill's beginning farmer credit programs were some of the tools the
Leibfrieds used to get their start.

Farm Service Agency loan officer Jeff Gruetzmacher helped the Leibfrieds put
together a financing package.

"At the time, I didn't really have an idea of what I needed. FSA made the
difference in whether we could farm or not," Leibfried said. "We came up with a
plan and what steps needed to be taken."

The Farm Service Agency, part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture, mostly
makes loans to beginning farmers and those modernizing their operations. The
agency offers two kinds of farm loans, direct loans and loans made by another
lender that are backed by an agency guarantee. The agency also can pay 4 percent
of a farmer's interest costs.

A direct loan by the agency also helped modernize the family's 200-cow dairy.

"Last fall, my parents, uncles, and I made the decision that in order to make a
decent living and grow, we needed to pool everything," Leibfried said.

The farm's financing was then combined into an FSA-guaranteed loan from Mound
City Bank in Platteville.

The farm credit programs, authorized by the 1996 and 2002 farm bills, have made
the difference between farming and not farming, Leibfried said.

"Farmers need to know what incentives and other breaks are out there to help
them because we're a business, too," he said.

Gruetzmacher sees the farm credit programs as economic development tools.

"Agriculture is important even to people who work in town. For example, just
Aaron's free-stall project had over a quarter-million dollar ripple effect
through the economy," Gruetzmacher said.

"Agriculture is Wisconsin's No. 1 industry. If we don't have people like the
Leibfried family modernizing for the future, it's going to have a negative
impact on our communities," he said.


LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Aaron Leibfried milks one of his cows while another waits its turn at
his dairy farm outside Hazel Green, Wis. mugs: Aaron Leibfried, J. Gruetzmacher

                  Copyright 2003 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             341 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            October 18, 2015 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

IN BRIEF

BYLINE: From wire reports

SECTION: B; Pg. 003

LENGTH: 370 words


GAY EX-PROFESSOR SUES MSU OVER FIRING

BOZEMAN - A former assistant professor has filed a lawsuit against Montana State
University, saying he was denied tenure and fired because he is gay.

David Agruss filed the lawsuit Thursday in Gallatin County District Court.

The Bozeman Daily Chronicle reported that Agruss taught English at MSU from 2008
to 2015.

His lawsuit contends that he was "subject to homophobic discrimination,
retaliation and breach of contract."

MSU spokesman Tracy Ellig responded Friday that "MSU has not seen the filing,
and we don't comment on pending litigation."

The Human Rights Bureau investigated his charge of discrimination and
retaliation and in January 2014 found "no cause" for his case.

The lawsuit asks for a jury trial and unspecified damages.

FARM LOANS AVAILABLE TO MINORITIES AND WOMEN

WENATCHEE - Women and minority farm producers can now apply for government loans
specifically set aside to help them.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency provides a portion of its
farm loan program funds to ensure that women and minority producers have
opportunities for success, said Judy Olson, FSA state executive director.

Loan funds can be used to purchase farms, livestock and equipment. They can also
be used to operate the farm, build or repair farm buildings, pay for soil and
water conservation practices and refinance debts.

Direct loans are currently available for farm purchases with terms up to 40
years and interest rates of 3.75 percent. Direct operating loans have a current
interest rate of 2.62 percent.

FSA guaranteed loans are made through banks or other lenders at their current
rates.

AUTHORITIES SEARCH FOR MISSING KENTUCKY MAN

STEVENSON, WASH.  - Authorities in southwest Washington are trying to find a
Kentucky man who's been missing for weeks.

The Skamania County Sheriff's Department says 39-year-old Austin Oldfield last
contacted his girlfriend Sept. 17. He was expected to spend two weeks camping.

A car with Kentucky plates associated with Oldfield was found on Tuesday in the
Gifford Pinchot National Forest near Lone Butte, The Oregonian reported.

The sheriff's department confirmed Saturday that the search for Oldfield is
continuing.

TYPE: Briefs

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             342 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 25, 1985, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition
                              Correction Appended

DELINQUENT MORTGAGES SET RECORD IN QUARTER

BYLINE: By PETER T. KILBORN, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 1, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 718 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 24


In the face of a relatively sound economy, a record number of American families
have been falling behind in their monthly mortgage payments, a banking group
here reported today. Far fewer, but still a near-record number, are losing their
homes to foreclosure.

The Mortgage Bankers Association said that payments on 6.19 percent of all home
mortgages had fallen 30 days or more into arrears during the first three months
of this year. It was the highest figure in the 22 years that the association has
been monitoring mortgage payments.

The association, which represents banks and savings institutions, said that in
the first quarter this year, lenders had begun foreclosure proceedings on 0.24
percent of all home loans, a relatively small figure but unusually high by
historical standards. It said 0.79 percent of all mortgages outstanding were
being foreclosed at the end of the quarter.

Earlier, the Federal Home Mortgage Association, a private, Government-created
investment organization, disclosed that 1.17 percent of the loans it had bought
are in foreclosure, the highest figure since the mid-1970's. And the Department
of Housing and Urban Development said that 30,000 of the loans that it
guaranteed through the Federal Home Administration were foreclosed in 1984, the
last period for which it has figures. The foreclosures exceeded the 1983 figure
by 5,000.

Unemployment Is One Factor

Experts cited various factors, including an unemployment rate, at 7.2 percent,
that is unusually high for a growing economy; slight declines in family incomes
after the effects of inflation are removed, and especially hard times in certain
sectors of the economy, such as family farms.

''Looking at the state data, the number of foreclosures is particularly high in
the farm belt - Iowa, Illinois, North Dakota, Kansas - and in the timber belt -
Oregon,'' said Warren Lasko, executive vice president of the Mortgage Bankers
Association.

A still bigger cause, however, may be that declines in the rate of increase of
home prices, to less than 4 percent annually nationwide, and actual price
declines in parts of the country have tarnished the appeal of home ownership.

''What you're really seeing is another of the many examples of stress the system
goes through in the transition from a high-inflation economy to a low-inflation
economy,'' said Timothy Howard, chief economist at the Federal National Mortgage
Association, known as Fannie Mae.

Loss of Incentive to Pay

In the 1970's, when home prices were rising at a rate of 10 percent a year, Mr.
Howard said, a family could buy, for example, a $90,000 home with a mortgage of
$80,000. In two years the home might have been worth $110,000, so the owner's
equity was $30,000. That gave the owner a strong incentive to keep up monthly
payments, even in the face of financial difficulty.

Today, in extreme cases, the value of a $90,000 home might have fallen in two
years to $75,000. The owner then has no equity and, except for the down payment,
has little to lose by forgoing payments. State laws allow an owner to remain in
the house without making any payments, sometimes for a year or more, so the
owner is able to live there free of mortgage or rental payments until the bank
finally claims the house.

''He can say the heck with it and not make a payment,'' Mr. Howard said.
''There's nothing the bank can do.'' Delinquency and foreclosure rates were
highest among mortgages guaranteed by the Federal Home Administration and by the
Veterans Administration, but they were also high for all other loans. Jack
Carlson, head of the National Association of Realtors, attributed the
delinquencies of such guaranteed loans to excessively tolerant lending
standards. ''Standards obviously haven't been as high as they should have
been,'' he said.

Analysts said new forms of home loans, especially adjustable-rate mortgages, had
not been a significant factor in the rise of delinquencies.

Payments on those mortgages are normally adjusted every year or two to bring
them in line with prevailing interest rates, and many are offered at initial
rates well below conventional fixed-payment loans but are subject to substantial
increases later. Interest rates have been declining, however, so there have been
few sharp increases in payments.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: June 27, 1985, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

CORRECTION:

An article in Business Day Tuesday about rising delinquencies on home mortgage
payments incorrectly reported the name of a private Government-created
investment organization. It is the Federal National Mortgage Association.

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             343 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                          November 14, 2007 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

State loans are helping small businesses that were victims of fires;
JAN NORMAN REGISTER blogger

BYLINE: JAN NORMAN

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. Briefing_D

LENGTH: 171 words


Federal disaster loans for the recent wildfires have been well publicized (I've
written about the federal loans at ocregister.com/jan), but most fire victims
don't know that the state also has disaster loans for small businesses and farms
physically damaged or financially hurt by the recent fires.

The state's disaster loan guarantee program provides loans up to $200,000 to
small businesses and up to $500,000 for agricultural businesses. Orange County
victims can apply to the Small Business Financial Development Corp. of Orange
County, 1913 E. 17th St., Santa Ana, 714-571-1900.

Interest rates range from prime to prime plus 3 percent depending on the amount
of the loan guaranteed. Normally, 80 percent to 95 percent is guaranteed. Loans
can be for up to seven years. Bridge loans are for up to 12 months.

Those bridge loans can help lenders and borrowers who have to wait for direct
funding from the Small Business Administration through the federal disaster loan
program.

For more on small businesses, go to ocregister.com/jan.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2007 The Orange County Register (California)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             344 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      March 19, 2016 Saturday 6:59 AM GMT

Looking for ethical investments? Here are a few that could be worth your energy;

Green schemes have their risks, but can hopefully generate bank-beating returns
of 9% a year - and a couple of them have illustrious connections

BYLINE: Rupert Jones

SECTION: MONEY

LENGTH: 990 words


Ethically minded individuals looking for potential returns of as much as 9.9% a
year, and who are prepared to take some risks with their money, are being
offered the chance to invest in a range of "green" schemes - one of which has
been praised by David Cameron, no less.

They include a £4.4m solar scheme just a few miles down the road from the prime
minister's constituency home in Oxfordshire; an organic farm and business park;
and what is described as the UK's first ever "council solar bond".

Across the country there are growing numbers of community-owned and run
businesses, including many green energy schemes, where those who are supportive
of the cause can invest and hopefully earn a bank-beating return.

During the past couple of years Guardian Money has featured a number. However,
anyone thinking of signing up needs to be aware that there are risks, and no
compensation if things go wrong. Some will take the view that a safer bet would
be an ethical fund investing in many different companies.

· The scheme with the Cameron connection is a community solar farm planned for
the Cornbury Park estate, just outside Charlbury. Southill Community Energy, a
community benefit society (similar to a co-operative), launched a share offer on
17 February inviting people to buy shares to fund construction of the 4.5MW
solar farm, and it has already attracted almost £300,000 from local people.

Those behind the scheme say they aim to pay members an average annual return of
5% interest over the 25-year lifetime of the project from the end of year two,
though they point out that this is not guaranteed.

It needs to raise £3m of the £4.4m cost of the solar farm, which was granted
planning consent in July 2015. It has also been pre-accredited for the feed-in
tariff and, says a spokeswoman, will be one of the last community solar schemes
to be guaranteed the subsidy since government support was slashed at the start
of the year - but it is on a tight deadline: construction must be completed by
31 August this year.

I am very proud of the fact that 98% of the UK's solar panels have been
installed since I became prime minister

David Cameron

The minimum investment is £250 and the maximum £100,000.

It is located in the middle of the prime minister's constituency, and in a
statement issued by his office this week he said: "I am very proud of my
government's green record - and especially the fact that 98% of the UK's solar
panels have been installed since I became prime minister.

"The Southill solar project is a great example of people's enthusiasm for this
technology. As costs come down even further, I look forward to solar competing
against other technologies and continuing to be an important part of the UK
energy mix." However, he stopped short of saying whether he would be putting in
any of his own money.

The share offer is open until 8 April. You can invest via ethical investment
platform Ethex or download the offer document from Southillcommunityenergy.co.uk

· A scheme with the lure of a 9.9% return is one that Money has featured before,
but it now has a higher rate than previously quoted.

It was last October that we told how fans of The Archers were being offered the
chance to own a stake in the farm that inspired the long-running radio soap.

Rush Farm is a family run organic outfit near Redditch, Worcestershire. It is
looking to raise £700,000 to buy land which forms part of the farm but is
currently in private ownership, plus install solar panels and ground-source heat
pumps at its business park, which is housed in an old stable block.

Stockwood Community Benefit Society bought the farm and business park in 2014,
and is giving people the chance to buy shares with the expectation they will
receive 5% annual interest.

Related:  Harvest your savings with The Archers

Alternatively, there is the opportunity to invest in "loan stock", where you
lend money for a set period. As of last November, community energy projects are
no longer eligible for Enterprise Investment Scheme (EIS) or Seed Enterprise
Investment Scheme (SEIS) tax relief, which was a big blow to the sector. But the
Stockwood directors say they have received official confirmation that those
investing in the loan stock element of this scheme are eligible for a new tax
break, Social Investment Tax Relief (SITR), almost identical to EIS.

While the loan stock pays 3% interest, the SITR entitles investors to an upfront
30% income tax relief, giving a combined 9.9% annual return over six years. The
minimum loan stock investment has also been cut, from £5,000 to £2,000, "to make
it more accessible".

The share offer document warns that "this investment is not covered by any form
of financial compensation scheme, and there is no right of complaint to an
ombudsman". This offer is due to close on 31 March. More information is
available at Stockwoodcbs.org

· Swindon borough council and ethical investment platform Abundance have teamed
up to launch a " council solar bond ". Swindon Common Farm Solar CIC will pay,
it says, an effective return of 6% over its 20-year term to those investing as
little as £5.

The bond will fund the construction of a £4.8m solar farm on council-owned land
at Common Farm near Wroughton, Swindon, with £3m invested by the local authority
and £1.8m by small investors. A "community interest company" wholly owned by the
council will manage the solar farm, with construction due to begin in the
spring.

All investors will be repaid their capital and returns from the cash earned from
a combination of electricity sold to the grid and payments under the feed-in
tariff scheme, a spokesman says. Those investing before 11 April will receive a
0.5% boost to their returns for five years.

Those who put money in will be buying debentures, which are like official IOUs
issued by companies which offer a fixed rate of return over a defined period.
Visit Abundanceinvestment.com for more information.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             345 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      March 8, 1992, Sunday, City Edition

New loans help home buyers

BYLINE: KEN MORITSUGU

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 340 words

DATELINE:  INVERNESS



For years, the Farmers Home Administration has helped low-income people in rural
areas buy homes.

    But many so-called moderate-income people were left out in the cold.
Although their incomes were above the cutoff for Farmers Home assistance, they
couldn't qualify for a standard bank mortgage.

    Now, help is at hand. Farmers Home has launched a new program under which
the federal government will guarantee a mortgage, removing the risk for the
financial institution. Accepted applicants don't have to make a down payment on
their house; all they pay are closing costs and the monthly mortgage payment.

    Roland Vautour, undersecretary of agriculture for small community and rural
development, stopped in Inverness on Friday during a one-day tour of rural
Central Florida to promote the program to bankers and builders. Other stops were
in Gainesville, Ocala and Lakeland.

    Farmers Home can guarantee up to $ 329-million in loans this fiscal year
under the program. Most of that total still is available. The agency has
guaranteed only about 200 loans so far nationwide, 16 of them in Florida, said
Louis Frost, chief of rural housing for Farmers Home in Florida.

    To qualify for the program, a borrower must fall within a certain income
group, depending on family size and location.

    For a financially strapped federal government, the program is a way to help
meet housing needs without spending much money.  The financial institutions make
the loans and take care of the appraisal and other related work.

    The government guarantees 90 percent of the loan amount, but Vautour said he
expects few defaults. The established Farmers Home guaranteed loan program for
farms has a default rate of only 4 percent, and loans for farms are riskier than
loans for houses, he said.

    Of the 16 loans approved so far in Florida, two including the first one
approved in the state are being made by subsidiaries of Inverness-based Brannen
Banks of Florida.


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: PASCO TIMES

                            Times Publishing Company


                             346 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 13, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Beginning Farmer Loans

LENGTH: 136  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 FSA assists beginning farmers to finance agricultural enterprises. Under these
designated farm loan programs, FSA can provide financing to eligible applicants
through either direct or guaranteed loans. FSA defines a beginning farmer as a
person who:





     Has operated a farm for not more than 10 years

     Will materially and substantially participate in the operation of the farm

     Agrees to participate in a loan assessment, borrower training and financial
management program sponsored by FSA

     Does not own a farm in excess of 30 percent of the county's average size
farm.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             347 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Walla Walla Union-Bulletin (Washington)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 24, 2015 Friday

Food bank in market for AmeriCorps volunteers

BYLINE: Vicki Hillhouse, Walla Walla Union-Bulletin, Wash.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 277 words


April 24--Blue Mountain Action Council Food Bank is looking for help with a
10-week position that will bring fresh produce into food banks.

The organization is accepting applications for Volunteers in Service to America
(VISTA) AmeriCorps volunteers for a position that focuses on gleaning and
connecting producers and growers with local gleaning groups and food banks.

The position runs between dates in May and August.

The position earns a living stipend, education award, health insurance, child
care and opportunities to learn within a community.

Applications are due by April 30. Anyone interested can learn more online at
1.usa.gov/1bAWJ4J.

A new federal farm loan program aims to aid minorities, women, beginning farmers
and veterans.

The farm loan funds have been specifically set aside by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture Farm Service Agency, said Joyce NevinsGinsberg, senior farm loan
officer in Pasco.

The loans can be used to purchase farms, livestock and equipment. The money may
also be used for other agriculture activities, such as to build or repair farm
building or pay for soil and water conservation practices.

The Farm Service Agency offers direct and guaranteed loans. The latter are made
by banks or other lenders for which FSA guarantees up to 90 percent of any loss.

Information is available from NevinsGinsberg at the Pasco FSA office at
509-545-8543 or online at fsa.usda.gov/wa.

Vicki Hillhouse can be reached at 509-526-8321, vickihillhouse@wwub.com or on
Twitter.

___ (c)2015 Walla Walla Union-Bulletin (Walla Walla, Wash.) Visit Walla Walla
Union-Bulletin (Walla Walla, Wash.) at union-bulletin.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150424-UN-Food-bank-in-market-for-AmeriCorps-volunteers-0424-20150424

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UN


                   Copyright 2015 Walla Walla Union-Bulletin


                             348 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 1, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack Announces Increased Opportunity
for Producers as part of New Farm Bill

LENGTH: 382  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced increased opportunity for
producers as a result of the 2014 Farm Bill. A fact sheet outlining
modifications to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Farm Service Agency
(FSA) Farm Loan Programs is available.

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are the engine of the rural economy. These
improvements to our Farm Loan Programs will help a new generation begin farming
and grow existing farm operations," said Secretary Vilsack. "Today's
announcement represents just one part of a series of investments the new Farm
Bill makes in the next generation of agriculture, which is critical to economic
growth in communities across the country."

The Farm Bill expands lending opportunities for thousands of farmers and
ranchers to begin and continue operations, including greater flexibility in
determining eligibility, raising loan limits, and emphasizing beginning and
socially disadvantaged producers.

Changes that will take effect immediately include:

Elimination of loan term limits for guaranteed operating loans.
 Modification of the definition of beginning farmer, using the average farm size
for the county as a qualifier instead of the median farm size.
 Modification of the Joint Financing Direct Farm Ownership Interest Rate to 2
percent less than regular Direct Farm Ownership rate, with a floor of 2.5
percent. Previously, the rate was established at 5 percent.
 Increase of the maximum loan amount for Direct Farm Ownership down payments
from $225,000 to $300,000.
 Elimination of rural residency requirement for Youth Loans, allowing urban
youth to benefit.
 Debt forgiveness on Youth Loans, which will not prevent borrowers from
obtaining additional loans from the federal government.
 Increase of the guarantee amount on Conservation Loans from 75 to 80 percent
and 90 percent for socially disadvantaged borrowers and beginning farmers.
 Microloans will not count toward loan term limits for veterans and beginning
farmers.

Additional modifications must be implemented through the rulemaking processes.
Visit the FSA Farm Bill website for detailed information and updates to farm
loan programs.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             349 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                February 9, 1996, Friday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

(GRAPHIC ONLY) HIGHLIGHTS OF SENATE-PASSED FARM BILL

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: WAR PAGE, Pg. 15C

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC Graphic Chart - Highlights Of Senate-Passed Farm Bill
 Here are key elements of farm program overhaul passed Wednesday by the
Senate:

 Crops
 Major crops: Pushes growers of corn, other feed grains, cotton, rice and wheat
into seven-year "market transition contracts" that replace price-based subsidies
with guaranteed but declining payments. Ends mandatory acreage idling and other
production controls.
 Peanuts: Drops the government-guaranteed price for peanuts to $ 610 a ton from
$ 678 a ton.
 Sugar: Ends assigned planting limits for domestic sugar growers and lowers
guaranteed minimum price by 1 cent a pound.

 Conservation
 Conservation Reserve Program: Reauthorizes program, which pays landowners to
idle and restore environmentally sensitive land for 10 to 15   years.
 Wetlands Reserve Program: Allows permanent enrollment of wetlands in program
that keeps them out of production.
 Other: Adds funding for programs that help farmers pay for conservation; and
would create program to help hog farmers, dairy farmers   and others fight
pollution from manure.

 Nutrition
 Reauthorizes food stamps, emergency feeding and related nutrition programs for
seven years.

 Other
 Ends mandatory crop insurance.
 Raises interest rate on crop loans.

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             350 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            January 7, 1988 Thursday

U.S. REPORT   Farm Credit System rescued

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 125 words


President Ronald Reagan has signed into law a $4-billion (U.S.) rescue
bill for the troubled Farm Credit System - the second major U.S. financial
bailout in less than a year.

The bill will permit a unit within the Farm Credit System, the major
lender to farmers, to float up to $4-billion of 15-year Government-
guaranteed bonds.

Proceeds will be used to rescue failing banks within the Farm Credit
System, which makes nearly one-third of all farm loans in the United
States.

Last summer Mr. Reagan signed a $10.8-billion aid bill for the savings
and loan industry.

The farm credit bill also forces the system to streamline its sprawling
network of rural lenders and, for the first time, establishes a secondary
market for farm mortgage loans, called Farmer-mac.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1988 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             351 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Tahlequah Daily Press (Oklahoma)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 16, 2015 Monday

Outreach meeting held Friday for farmers

BYLINE: Sean Rowley, Tahlequah Daily Press, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 567 words


March 16--More than two dozen turned out to hear a series of speakers discuss
topics of importance to farmers and ranchers during an outreach meeting Friday
at the Tsa La Gi Community Ballroom in the Cherokee Nation complex.

"Empowering Farmers and Ranchers, Veterans" was organized by the Project "A"
Association and the Oklahoma Black Historical Research Project Inc.

Attendees first heard from Verna Franks, the local specialist with the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Rural Development.

"We have a large range of programs that are designed to help farmers and
ranchers," Franks said. "It costs nothing to apply to any of our programs."

USDA single-family programs include Housing Direct Loans, Housing Guaranteed
Loans, and Housing Repair Loans and Grants.

The direct and guaranteed loan programs are intended to help with new or
existing home purchases in eligible areas. The repair program can help
underserved owners-occupants of living in "modest" homes in eligible areas
complete essential renovations.

More information is available at www.rd.usda.gov/ok. The Rural Development State
Office can be reached at 1-800-522-3819, and Frakes is available at
918-686-0648.

Visitors also heard from Joe Buford, resource conservationist for the ecological
science and planning division of the USDA. Buford discussed the eligibilities
available to small farmers and ranchers, especially minorities and veterans,
through Farm Bill programs.

Information is available at www.nrcs.usda.gov. Click on the State Websites tab
in the upper right and click on Oklahoma. Program information is included, and
links can be followed to the Cherokee County Field Office Technical Guide. The
Cherokee County NRCS Field Service Center can be reached at 918-456-1924.

Woody Colbert of OBHRPI gave a presentation about one of the conservation
projects with which the organization helps farmers and ranchers: solar water
pumps.

"We have found that these wells run very well with just a 4-by-3-foot solar
panel, and a barrier can be placed around it to keep out livestock," Colbert
said. "Oklahoma has been dealing with drought for three or four years now. The
wells are used for crop irrigation, and sometimes only as a backup measure. They
are also used to water livestock, but be careful. Once the cows taste that clean
water, they won't want to drink from the pond anymore."

For information about the OBHRPI, call director Willard Tillman at 405-201-6624
or write to obhrpi@gmail.com

Jeanette Williams of Cherokee Nation Elder Services gave a short update on the
Cherokee Nation Elder Nutrition Centers, and Rodslen Brown-King talked briefly
about the Project "A" Association.

The association, a group of beef producers, is selling cattle to the Cherokee
Nation through a partnership with the Elder Nutrition Centers. The Cherokee
Nation and the Project "A" Association are partnering to supply beef produced by
Cherokee and local farmers to the senior citizen nutrition programs.

The OBHRPI provides services to small farm operations in Oklahoma and
distributes information to small farmers, ranchers and producers. Goals of
Friday's outreach meeting were to supply information about dealing with the
drought and promote the solar water well system.

___ (c)2015 the Tahlequah Daily Press (Tahlequah, Okla.) Visit the Tahlequah
Daily Press (Tahlequah, Okla.) at www.tahlequahdailypress.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150316-TD-Outreach-meeting-held-Friday-for-farmers-0316-20150316

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TD


                      Copyright 2015 Tahlequah Daily Press


                             352 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 12, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Farm Loan Program Availability

LENGTH: 226  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 FSA has a number of loan programs available to assist applicants to begin or
continue in agricultural production. As a farmer or rancher, whether you are
just starting out or have many years of experience, loans are available for farm
operating purposes and/or to purchase or improve a farm or ranch.  All qualified
producers are eligible to apply for these loan programs.  As the "Lender of
First Opportunity" FSA targets some of the direct and guaranteed loan funds for
beginning and/or underserved farmers or ranchers.  For purposes of this program,
a beginning farmer/rancher is defined as someone who started in farming or
ranching less than 10 years ago; underserved individuals are women, African
Americans, American Indians, Alaskan Natives, Hispanics, Asian Americans and
Pacific Islanders. FSA loans are only available to applicants who meet all the
eligibility requirements and are unable to obtain the needed credit elsewhere.
For more information, contact your local FSA office who can schedule an
appointment with the Farm Loan Program (FLP) staff serving your area and/or
visit the National FLP Web site.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             353 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 7, 2014 Tuesday

Farm Loan Programs; Entity Eligibility

LENGTH: 328  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


Office of Federal Register, Government of US has issued the following news
release:


Action

Interim Final Rule.
Summary

The Farm Service Agency (FSA) is amending the Farm Loan Programs (FLP)
regulations for loan making and servicing on eligibility conditions for certain
legal entities, allowing additional flexibility for loan applicants to meet the
required farming experience, and increasing the maximum total indebtedness on
Microloans (ML) to $50,000. The changes implement provisions of the Agricultural
Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill). The changes will help increase the number of
entities eligible to participate in certain FLP loans and adjust to better
reflect the changes in the way farms are owned and operated by legal entities.
The changes will allow FSA to extend credit and servicing to family farm
operations that may have been ineligible under existing regulations.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Background
    Eligible Entities
    Definition of "Farm" and "Family Farm"
    Eligibility of Certain Operating-Only Entities
    Eligibility of Certain Embedded Entities
    Direct Farm Ownership Experience Requirement
    ML Changes
    Notice and Comment
    Executive Order 12866 and 13563
    Clarity of the Regulation
    Cost Benefit Analysis Summary
    Regulatory Flexibility Act
    Environmental Review
    Executive Order 12372
    Executive Order 12988
    Executive Order 13132
    Executive Order 13175
    Unfunded Mandates
    SBREFA
    Federal Assistance Programs
    Paperwork Reduction Act
    E-Government Act Compliance
    List of Subjects
    PART 761--FARM LOAN PROGRAM; GENERAL PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION
    Subpart A--General Provisions
    PART 762--GUARANTEED FARM LOANS
    PART 763--LAND CONTRACT GUARANTEE PROGRAM
    PART 764--DIRECT LOAN MAKING
    PART 765--DIRECT LOAN SERVICING--REGULAR
    Subpart I--Transfer of Security and Assumption of Debt

DATES: Back to Top

Effective

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             354 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 30, 2014 Tuesday

Applications: Rural Energy for America Program for Fiscal Year 2015

LENGTH: 6627  words


Washington, D.C.: This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS):

Action

Notice.
Summary

The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (Agency) announces the acceptance of
applications under the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) which is designed
to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses reduce energy costs
and consumption and help meet the Nation's critical energy needs. REAP has two
types of funding assistance: Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency
Improvements Assistance, and Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development
Assistance Grants.

The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Assistance
provides grants and guaranteed loans to agricultural producers and rural small
businesses to purchase and install renewable energy systems and make energy
efficiency improvements to their operations. Eligible renewable energy systems
for REAP provide energy from: Wind, solar, renewable biomass (including
anaerobic digesters), small hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen
derived from these renewable resources.

The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is available
to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a State,
Tribal, or local government; institution of higher education; rural electric
cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as defined in 16 U.S.C. 3451.
The recipient of grant funds, (grantee), will establish a program to assist
agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the energy
efficiency and the potential to incorporated renewable energy technologies into
their operations.
Dates

Grant applications, guaranteed loan-only applications, and combined grant and
guaranteed loan applications for financial assistance under this subpart may be
submitted at any time on an ongoing basis. Section IV. E., of this Notice
establishes the deadline dates for the applications to be received in order to
be considered for funding provided by Public Law 113-79, commonly referred to as
the 2014 Farm Bill Act, for fiscal year 2014 and fiscal year 2015. In summary:

(1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant applications
and combination grant and guaranteed loan applications. There will be two
application deadline dates to facilitate the use of fiscal years 2014 and 2015
grant funds. These dates apply to both fiscal year 2014 and 2015 grant funds.

(a) For applicants requesting $20,000 or less that wish to have their
application compete for the "Grants of $20,000 or less set aside," complete
applications must be received no later than 4:30 p.m. local time on April 30,
2015.

(b) For applicants requesting grant funds of either $20,000 or less, or grant
funds over $20,000 (unrestricted), complete applications must be received no
later than:

(i) 4:30 p.m. local time on April 30, 2015, or

(ii) 4:30 p.m. local time on June 30, 2015.

(2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan
-only applications. Applications will be reviewed and processed when received
with monthly competitions on the first business day of each month for those
applications ready to be funded, however the first monthly competition will not
take place until eight guaranteed loan only applications are received and ready
to be competed.

(3) Energy audits and renewable energy development assistance grant
applications. Complete applications must be received no later than 4:30 p.m.
local time on February 12, 2015.
Application Application window opening dates Application window closing dates
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants (Over $20,000
and Combinations) July 8, 2014 April 30, 2015.
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants ($20,000 or
less not competing for set aside funds, Over $20,000 and Combinations) May 1,
2015 June 30, 2015.*
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants ($20,000 or
less competing for set aside funds) July 8, 2014 April 30, 2015.
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Guaranteed Loans
August 1, 2014 Continuous application cycle.
Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants December 29,
2014 February 12, 2015.*
Addresses

This solicitation is for agricultural producers and rural small businesses, as
well as units of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentalities of a
State, Tribal, or local government; institutions of higher education; rural
electric cooperatives; a public power entities; and Councils, as defined in 16
U.S.C. 3451, who serve agricultural producers and rural small businesses.
For Further Information Contact

The applicable USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator for your respective
State, as identified via the following link:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_Energy_CoordinatorList.html.

For information about this Notice, please contact Mr. Kelley Oehler, Branch
Chief, USDA Rural Development, Energy Division, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250. Telephone: (202) 720-6819. Email:
kelley.oehler@wdc.usda.gov
Supplementary Information
I. Program Description

The REAP is designed to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses
reduce energy costs and consumption and help meet the Nation's critical energy
needs. REAP has two types of funding assistance: (1) Renewable Energy Systems
and Energy Efficiency Improvements Assistance, and (2) Energy Audit and
Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants.

A. General. Applications for REAP can be submitted on an ongoing basis.This
Notice announces the deadline dates to submit applications for the REAP funds
provided by the Agricultural Act of 2014, Pub. L. 113-79, on February 7, 2014,
(2014 Farm Bill) for fiscal year 2014, and fiscal year 2015, for: grants,
guaranteed loans, and combined grants and guaranteed loans to purchase and
install renewable energy systems, and make energy efficiency improvements; and
for grants to conduct energy audits, and renewable energy development
assistance.

The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Assistance
provides grants and guaranteed loans to agricultural producers and rural small
businesses to purchase and install renewable energy systems and make energy
efficiency improvements to their operations. Eligible renewable energy systems
for REAP provide energy from: wind, solar, renewable biomass (including
anaerobic digesters), small hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen
derived from these renewable resources.

The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is available
to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a State,
Tribal, or local government; institution of higher education; rural electric
cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as define in 16 U.S.C. 3451.
The recipient of grant funds, (grantee), will establish a program to assist
agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the energy
efficiency and the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies into
their operations.

The administrative requirements applicable to each type of funding available
under REAP are described in 7 CFR, part 4280, subpart B. The provisions
specified in 7 CFR 4280.101 through 4280.111 apply to each funding type
described in this Notice.

B. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement Project Grants. In
addition to the other provisions of this Notice, the requirements specified in 7
CFR 4280.112 through 4280.124 apply to renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement project grants.

C. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement Project Guaranteed
Loans. In addition to the other provisions of this Notice the requirements
specified in 7 CFR 4280.125 through 4280.152, apply to guaranteed loans for
renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement projects. For fiscal
year 2015, the guarantee fee amount is 1 percent of the guaranteed portion of
the loan and the annual renewal fee is 0.250 percent (one-quarter of 1 percent)
of the guaranteed portion of the loan.

D. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement Project Combined
Grant and Guaranteed Loan Requests. In addition to the other provisions of this
Notice, the requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.165 apply to a combined grant
and guaranteed loan for renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvement projects.

E. Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants. In addition
to the other provisions of this Notice, the requirements specified in 7 CFR
4280.186 through 4280.196 apply to energy audit and renewable energy development
assistance grants.
II. Federal Award Information

A. Statutory Authority. This program is authorized under 7 U.S.C. 8107.

B. Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number. 10.868.

C. Funds Available. This Notice is announcing deadline dates for applications to
be submitted for the REAP funds provided by the 2014 Farm Bill for fiscal year
2014 and fiscal year 2015. This Notice is being published prior to the
Congressional enactment of a full-year appropriation for fiscal year 2015. The
Agency will continue to process applications received under this announcement
and should REAP receive appropriated funds, these funds will be announced on the
following Web site: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_Reap.html and subject to the
same provisions in this Notice.

(1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant-only funds.
For renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement projects only,
there will be an allocation of grant funds to each Rural Development State
Office. The state allocations will include an allocation for grants of $20,000
or less funds and an allocation of grant funds that can be used to fund
renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants of either
$20,000 or less or grants of more than $20,000, as well as the grant portion of
a combination grant and guaranteed loan. The funds for grants of $20,000 or less
can only be used to fund grants requesting $20,000 or less.

(a) To ensure that small projects have a fair opportunity to compete for the
funding and are consistent with the priorities set forth in the statute, the
Agency will set-aside 20 percent of the fiscal year 2015 funds until June 30,
2015, to fund grants of $20,000 or less.

(b) Grant funds available for renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvement in fiscal year 2015, regardless of the amount of funding requested,
will consist of both fiscal years 2014 and 2015 funds.

(2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement loan guarantee
funds. Rural Development's National Office will maintain a reserve of grant and
guaranteed loan funds. The amount of loan guarantee program level available will
consist of both fiscal years 2014 and 2015 funds.

(3) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan
and grant combination funds. The amount of funds available for guaranteed loan
and grant combination applications are outlined in paragraphs II.C(1)(b) and
C(2).

(4) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grant funds. The
amount of funds available for energy audits and renewable energy development
assistance in fiscal year 2015 will be 4 percent of fiscal year 2015 mandatory
funds. Obligations of these funds will take place through March 31, 2015. Any
unobligated balances will be moved to the renewable energy subsidy account as of
April 1, 2015. These funds may be utilized in any of the renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvement national competitions.

D. Approximate Number of Awards. The estimated number of awards is 2,000, but
will depend on amount of funds made available and on the number of eligible
applicants participating in this program.

E. Type of Instrument. Grant, guaranteed loan, and grant/guaranteed loan
combinations.
III. Eligibility Information

A. Eligible Applicants. To be eligible for the grant portion of the program, an
applicant must meet the requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.109, 7 CFR
4280.110, and 7 CFR 4280.112, or 7 CFR 4280.186, as applicable.

B. Eligible Lenders and Borrowers. To be eligible for the guaranteed portion of
the program, lenders and borrowers must meet the eligibility requirements in 7
CFR 4280.125 and 7 CFR 4280.127, as applicable.

C. Eligible Projects. To be eligible for this program, a project must meet the
eligibility requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.113, 7 CFR 4280.128, and 7 CFR
4280.187, as applicable.

D. Cost Sharing or Matching. The 2014 Farm Bill, formally Public Law 113-79,
mandates the maximum percentages of funding that REAP canprovide. Within the
maximum funding amounts specified in this Notice:

(1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement funding approved
for guaranteed loan-only requests and for combination guaranteed loan and grant
requests will not exceed 75 percent of eligible project costs, with any grant
portion not to exceed 25 percent of total eligible project costs, whether the
grant is part of a combination request or is a grant-only.

(2) Under the energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants, a
grantee that conducts energy audits must require that, as a condition of
providing the energy audit, the agricultural producer or rural small business
pay at least 25 percent of the cost of the energy audit.

E. Other. The definitions applicable to this Notice are published at 7 CFR
4280.103. Ineligible project costs can be found in 7 CFR 4280.114(d), 7 CFR
4280.129(f), and 7 CFR 4280.188(c), as applicable.
IV. Application and Submission Information

A. Address to Request Application. Application materials may be obtained by
contacting one of Rural Development's Energy Coordinators, as identified via the
following link: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_Energy_CoordinatorList.html.

In addition, for grant applications, applicants may obtain electronic grant
applications for REAP from http://www.Grants.gov. When you enter the Grants.gov
site, you will find information about submitting an application electronically
through the site. To use Grants.gov, all applicants must have a DUNS number
(unless the applicant is an individual), which can be obtained at no cost via a
toll-free request line at 1 (866) 705-5711 or online at
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. USDA Rural Development strongly recommends that
applicants do not wait until the application deadline date to begin the
application process through Grants.gov.

B. Application Submittal.

(1) Grant applications. All grant applications may be submitted either as hard
copy to the appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator or electronically
using the Government-wide Grants.gov Web site. When submitting an application as
hard copy, applicants must submit one original.

(a) All renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement applications
are to be submitted to the USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator in the
State in which the applicant's proposed project is located.

(b) All energy audit and renewable energy development assistance applications
are to be submitted to the USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator in the
State in which the applicant is headquartered. A list of USDA Rural Development
Energy Coordinators is available via the following link:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_Energy_CoordinatorList.html.

(c) For grant-only applicants submitting their electronic applications to the
Agency via the Grants.gov Web site may download a copy of the application
package to complete it off line and then upload and submit the application via
the Grants.gov site, including all information typically included in the
application, and all necessary assurances and certifications. After
electronically submitting an application through the Web site, the applicant
will receive an automated acknowledgement from Grants.gov that contains a
Grants.gov tracking number.

(2) Guaranteed loan applications. Guaranteed loan-only applications (i.e., those
that are not part of a guaranteed loan/grant combination request) must be
submitted as hard copy.

(3) Guaranteed loan and grant combination applications. Applications for
guaranteed loans/grants (combination applications) must be submitted as hard
copy.

C. Content and Form of Application Submission. Applicants seeking to participate
in this program must submit applications in accordance with this Notice and 7
CFR part 4280, subpart B. Applicants must submit complete applications
containing all parts necessary for the Agency to determine applicant and project
eligibility, to score the application, and to conduct the technical evaluation,
as applicable, in order to be considered.

(1) Competition. The application dates published in Section IV.E. of this
Notice, establishes the dates by which complete applications must be received,
in order to compete for the funds available.

(2) Grant applications. Information required for an application to be considered
complete can be found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B.

(a) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvement projects with total project costs of $80,000 or less must provide
information required by 7 CFR 4280.119.

(b) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvement projects with total projects costs of $200,000 or less, but more
than $80,000, must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.118.

(c) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvement projects with total projects costs of greater than $200,000 must
provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.117.

(d) Guaranteed loan applications for renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvement projects must provide information required by 7 CFR
4280.137.

(e) Combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for renewable energy systems
and energy efficiency improvement projects must provide information required by
7 CFR 4280.165(c).

(f) Applications for energy audits or renewable energy development assistance
grants must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.190.

(3) Race, ethnicity, and gender. The Agency is requesting that each applicant
provide race, ethnicity, and gender information about the applicant. The
information will allow the Agency to evaluate its outreach efforts to
under-served and under-represented populations. Applicants are encouraged to
furnish this information with their application, but are not required to do so.
An applicant's eligibility or the likelihood of receiving an award will not be
impacted by furnishing or not furnishing this information.

(4) Hybrid projects. If the application is for a hybrid project, as defined in 7
CFR 4280.103, technical reports, as required under 7 CFR 4280.110(h)(1), must be
prepared for each technology that comprises the hybrid project.

(5) Multiple facilities. Applicants may submit a single application that
proposes to apply the same renewable energy system (including the same hybrid
project) or energy efficiency improvement across multiple facilities. For
example, a rural small business owner owns five retail stores and wishes to
install solar panels on each store. The rural small business owner may submit a
single application for installing the solar panels on the five stores. However,
if this same owner wishes to install solar panels on three of the five stores
and wind turbines for the other two stores, the owner can only submit an
application for either the solar panels or for the wind turbines in the same
fiscal year.

(6) Fiscal year 2014 Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement
Applications. If an application for a project was submitted for the first time
for fiscal year 2014funding and that initial application was determined
eligible, but was not funded, the Agency will consider that initial fiscal year
2014 application for funding in fiscal year 2015. The applicants that qualify
under this paragraph will be allowed to provide additional information to
document the environmental benefits scoring criterion without creating a new
complete application date. If an applicant submitted the initial application on
or prior to June 14, 2013, the applicant must submit a new application meeting
the requirements of this Notice in order to be considered for fiscal year 2015
funds for that project and a new submission date of record will be established.

D. System for Award Management (SAM) and Dun and Bradstreet Universal Number
System (DUNS) Number. Unless exempt under 2 CFR 25.110, all applicants must:

(1) Be registered in the SAM prior to submitting an application or plan;

(2) Maintain an active SAM registration with current information at all times
during which it has an active Federal award or an application or plan under
consideration by the Agency; and

(3) Provide its DUNS number in each application or plan it submits to the
Agency.

(4) At the time the Agency is ready to make an award, if the applicant has not
complied with paragraph IV.A(1) through A(3), the Agency may determine the
applicant is not eligible to receive the award.

E. Submission Dates and Times. Grant applications, guaranteed loan-only
applications, and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial
assistance under this subpart may be submitted at any time on an ongoing basis.
When an application window closes, the next application window opens on the
following day. This Notice establishes the deadline dates for the applications
to be received in order to be considered for funding provided by the 2014 Farm
Bill for fiscal year 2014 and fiscal year 2015. An application received after
these dates will be considered with other applications received in the next
application window. In order to be considered for funds under this Notice,
complete applications must be received by the appropriate USDA Rural Development
State Office or via grants.gov. The deadline for applications to be received to
be considered for funding in fiscal year 2015 are outlined in the following
paragraphs and also summarized in a table at the end of paragraph IV.E:

(1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant applications
and combination grant and guaranteed loan applications. The Agency is
establishing two application deadline dates to facilitate the use of fiscal
years 2014 and 2015 grant funds. Combination grant and guaranteed loan
applications will compete for grant funds based on their grant score. The two
dates that complete applications must be received by the Agency in order to
compete for available funds are:

(a) For applicants requesting $20,000 or less that wish to have their
application compete for the "Grants of $20,000 or less set aside," complete
applications must be received no later than 4:30 p.m. local time on April 30,
2015.

(b) For applicants requesting grant funds of either $20,000 or less, or grant
funds over $20,000 (unrestricted), complete applications must be received no
later than:

(i) 4:30 p.m. local time on April 30, 2015, or

(ii) 4:30 p.m. local time on June 30, 2015.

(2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan
-only applications. Applications will be reviewed and processed when received
with monthly competitions on the first business day of each month for those
applications ready to be funded, however the first monthly competition will not
take place until eight guaranteed loan only applications are received and ready
to be competed.

(3) Energy audits and renewable energy development assistance grant
applications. Complete applications must be received no later than 4:30 p.m.
local time on February 12, 2015.
Application Application window opening dates Application window closing dates
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants ($20,000 or
less not competing for set aside funds, Over $20,000 and Combinations) July 8,
2014 April 30, 2015.
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants ($20,000 or
less not competing for set aside funds, Over $20,000 and Combinations) May 1,
2015 June 30, 2015.*
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants ($20,000 or
less competing for set aside funds) July 8, 2014 April 30, 2015.
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Guaranteed Loans
August 1, 2014 Continuous application cycle.
Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants December 29,
2014 February 12, 2015.*

F. Intergovernmental Review. REAP is not subject to Executive Order 12372,
Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs.

G. Funding Limitations. The following funding limitations apply to applications
submitted under this Notice.

(1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement projects.

(a) Applicants may apply for only one renewable energy system project and one
energy efficiency improvement project in fiscal year 2015.

(b) For renewable energy system grants, the minimum grant is $2,500 and the
maximum is $500,000. For energy efficiency improvement grants, the minimum grant
is $1,500 and the maximum grant is $250,000.

(c) For renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement loan
guarantees, the minimum guaranteed loan amount is $5,000 and the maximum amount
of a guaranteed loan to be provided to a borrower is $25 million.

(d) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan
and grant combination applications. Paragraphs IV.G(1)(b) and (c) contain the
applicable maximum amounts and minimum amounts for grants and guaranteed loans.

(2) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants.

(a) Applicants may only submit one energy audit grant application and one
renewable energy development assistance grant application for fiscal year 2015
funds.

(b) The maximum aggregate amount of energy audit and renewable energy
development assistance grants awarded to any one recipient under this Notice
cannot exceed $100,000 for fiscal year 2015.

(c) Public Law 113-79, commonly known as the 2014 Farm Bill, mandates that the
recipient of a grant that conducts an energy audit for an agricultural producer
or a rural small business must require the agricultural producer or rural small
business to pay at least 25 percent of the cost of the energy audit, which shall
be retained by the eligible entity for the cost of the audit.

(3) Maximum grant assistance to an entity. For the purposes of this Notice, the
maximum amount of grant assistance to an entity will not exceed $750,000 for
fiscal year 2015 based on the total amount of renewable energy system, energy
efficiency improvement, energy audit, and renewable energy development
assistance grants awarded to an entity under REAP.

H. Other Submission Requirements and Information.

(1) Environmental information. For the Agency to consider an application, the
application must include all environmental review documents with supporting
documentation in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G. Applications for
financial assistance for planning or management purposes are typically
categorically excluded from the environmental review process by 7 CFR
1940.310(e)(1). Any required environmental review must be completed prior to
obligation of funds or the approval of the application.

(2) Original signatures. USDA Rural Development may request that the applicant
provide original signatures on forms submitted through Grants.gov at a later
date.

(3) Transparency Act Reporting. All recipients of Federal financial assistance
are required to report information about first-tier sub awards and executive
compensation in accordance with 2 CFR part 170. So long as an entity applicant
does not have an exception under 2 CFR 170.110(b), the applicant must have the
necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting
requirements should the applicant receive funding. See 2 CFR 170.200(b).
V. Application Review Information

A. Evaluation Criteria. All complete applications will be scored in accordance
with 7 CFR 4280.120, 4280.135, and 4280.192. Applications for projects in rural
areas with the lowest incomes where, according to the American Community Survey
data by census, tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living
in poverty will qualify for administrative points applicable under 7 CFR
4280.120(g). This emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20
percent of its funding by 2016 to these areas of need.

(1) Combined grant and guaranteed loan applications will be scored in accordance
with 7 CFR 4280.120.

(2) For hybrid applications, each technical report will be evaluated based on
its own merit.

B. Review and Selection Process. Grant-only applications, guaranteed loan-only
applications, and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial
assistance may be submitted at any time. In order to be considered for funds,
complete applications must be received by the appropriate USDA Rural Development
State Office or via grants.gov, as identified in Section IV. E., of this Notice.

(1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants. Due to the
competitive nature of this program, applications are competed based on submittal
date. The submittal date is the date the Agency receives a complete application.
The complete application date is the date the Agency receives the last piece of
information that allows the Agency to determine eligibility and to score, rank,
and compete the application for funding.

(a) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants of $20,000
or less State funds. Funds will be allocated to the States. Applications must be
submitted by April 30, 2015 in order to be considered for these set aside funds.
All State allocated unused funds for grants of $20,000 or less will be pooled to
the National Office.

(b) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants of $20,000
or less national funds. All unfunded eligible applications for grants of $20,000
or less received by April 30, 2015, will be competed against other applications
for grants of $20,000 or less from other States at a final national competition.
Obligations of these funds will take place prior to June 30, 2015.

(c) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant funds that
can be awarded to any renewable energy system or energy efficiency improvement
application, regardless of the amount of the funding request, will be allocated
to the States. The State will award 50 percent of these funds for those complete
applications the Agency receives by April 30, 2015, and 50 percent of the funds
for those complete applications the Agency receives by June 30, 2015. All unused
funds for grant funds will be pooled to the National Office.

(d) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement national grant
funds. All unfunded eligible applications for grants, which include grants of
$20,000 or less, received by April 30, 2015, that are not funded by State
allocations can be submitted to the National Office to compete against grant
applications from other States at a final national competition.

(2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan
funds. The National Office will maintain a reserve for renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan funds. Applications will be
reviewed and processed when received. Those applications that meet the Agency's
underwriting requirements, are credit worthy, and score a minimum of 50 points,
will compete in national competitions for guaranteed loan funds on the first
business day of each month. All unfunded eligible guaranteed loan-only
applications received, that do not score at least 50 points will be competed
against other guaranteed loan-only applications from other States at a final
national competition, if the guaranteed loan reserves have not been completely
depleted, on September 1, 2015. If funds remain after the final guaranteed loan
-only national competition, the Agency may elect to utilize budget authority to
fund additional grant-only.

(3) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement combined grant and
guaranteed loan applications will compete with grant-only applications for grant
funds allocated to their State referenced in paragraph V.B(1)(c). If the
application is ranked high enough to receive State allocated grant funds, the
State will request guaranteed loan portion of any combined grant and guaranteed
loan applications from the National Office guaranteed loan reserve, and no
further competition will be required.

(4) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grant funds will be
maintained in a reserve at the National Office. The two highest scoring
applications from each State, based on the scoring criteria established under §
4280.192, will compete for funding at a national competition. If funds remain
after the energy audit and renewable energy development assistance national
competition, the Agency may elect to transfer budget authority. The budget
authority will be utilized to fund additional renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement grants from the National Office reserve after pooling.

(5) If a State allocation is not sufficient to fund the total amount of a grant
or combination application, the applicant must be notified that they mayaccept
the remaining funds or submit the total request for National Office reserve
funds available after pooling. If the applicant agrees to lower its grant
request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the project will be met
and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete the project.

If one or more grant or combination applications have the same score and
remaining funds in the State allocation are insufficient to fully award all, the
remaining funds must be divided proportionally between the applications. The
applicant must be notified they may accept the proportional amount of funds or
submit their total request for National Office reserve. If the applicant agrees
to lower its grant request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the
project will be met and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete the
project.

At its discretion, the Agency may also elect to allow the remaining funds to be
carried over to the next fiscal year rather than selecting a lower scoring
application(s) or distributing funds on a pro-rata basis.

C. Award Considerations. All awards will be on a discretionary basis. In
determining the amount of a renewable energy system or energy efficiency
improvement grant or loan guarantee, the Agency will consider the six criteria
specified in 7 CFR 4280.114(e) or 7 CFR 4280.129(g), as applicable.

D. Anticipated Announcement and Federal Award Dates. All awards should be
completed by September 30, 2015.
VI. Federal Award Administration Information

A. Federal Award Notices. The Agency will award and administer renewable energy
system and energy efficiency improvement grants, guaranteed loans in accordance
with 7 CFR 4280.122, and 7 CFR 4280.139, as applicable. The Agency will award
and administer the energy audit and renewable energy development assistance
grants in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.195. Notification requirements of 7 CFR
4280.111, apply to this Notice.

B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements.

(1) Equal Opportunity and Nondiscrimination. The Agency will ensure that equal
opportunity and nondiscrimination requirements are met in accordance with the
Equal Credit Opportunity Act, 15 U.S.C. 1691 et seq. and 7 CFR part 15d,
Nondiscrimination in Programs and Activities Conducted by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. The Agency will not discriminate against applicants on the basis of
race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, or age (provided
that the applicant has the capacity to contract); because all or part of the
applicant's income derives from any public assistance program; or because the
applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the Consumer Credit
Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.

(2) Civil Rights Compliance. Recipients of grants must comply with the Americans
with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq., Title VI of the Civil
Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000d et seq., and Section 504 of the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973, 29 U.S.C. 794. This may include collection and
maintenance of data on the race, sex, and national origin of the recipient's
membership/ownership and employees. These data must be available to conduct
compliance reviews in accordance with 7 CFR 1901.204.

(3) Environmental Analysis. 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G or successor regulation
outlines environmental procedures and requirements for this subpart. Prospective
applicants are advised to contact the Agency to determine environmental
requirements as soon as practicable after they decide to pursue any form of
financial assistance directly or indirectly available through the Agency.

(4) Appeals. A person may seek a review of an Agency decision or appeal to the
National Appeals Division in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.105.

C. Reporting. Reporting requirements will be in accordance with the Grant
Agreement, 7 CFR 4280.123(j), 7 CFR 4280.143, 7 CFR 4280.196, as applicable.
VII. Other Information
A.

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the information
collection requirements associated with renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement grants and guaranteed loans, as covered in this Notice,
has been approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under OMB Control
Number 0570-0050. The information collection requirements associated with energy
audit and renewable energy development assistance grants have also been approved
by OMB under OMB Control Number 0570-0059.
B.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination in all its
programs and activities on the basis of race, color, national origin, age,
disability, and where applicable, sex, marital status, familial status, parental
status, religion, sexual orientation, genetic information, political beliefs,
reprisal, or because of all or part of an individual's income is derived from
any public assistance program. (Not all prohibited bases apply to all programs.)
Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) should contact
USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov Individuals who are deaf,
hard of hearing, or have speech disabilities and you wish to file a program
complaint please contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800)
877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish). USDA is an equal opportunity provider
and employer." The full "Non-Discrimination Statement" is found at:
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navtype=FT&navid=Non_Discrimination
.
Dated: December 18, 2014.
Lillian E. Salerno,
Administrator,Rural Business-Cooperative Service.
[FR Doc. 2014-30184 Filed 12-24-14; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             355 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Farmer Mac To Sell First Pool of Loans

                           February 19, 1991, Tuesday

By DEBRA COPE

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Ending three years of frustrating delays, the Federal Agricultural Mortgage
Corp. is roaring ahead with a program to help bankers squeeze liquidity from
government-backed farm loans.

The first pool of securities backed by federally guaranteed land mortgages and
farm production loans will hit Wall Street by the end of March, the agency,
known as Farmer Mac, said last week. Lenders have until March 15 to sell loans
into the first Farmer Mac II pool.

Bankers, who have been waiting since Farmer Mac was created in 1988 for the
secondary market in farm mortgages to get under way, greeted the news warmly.

The original Farmer Mac program, covering conventional, nonguaranteed farm
loans, is still in limbo because such loans are not standardized and thus hard
to form into packages.

Lenders will be able to sell loans with maturities of one to 30 years. The loans
must carry a floating rate of interest pegged to the prime rate.
The American Banker

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 162 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1991 American Banker, Inc.


                             356 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     August 4, 1987, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Canada smack in the middle of U.S. war on farm subsidies

BYLINE: By John Spears Toronto Star

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 2117 words


   Some time this fall, Canada will have to put up or shut up about "fair" farm
trade.

For more than a year, Canada and other countries have been hurling criticism at
the U.S. and the European Community about their subsidies to farmers.

Last month the United States replied with a $200 billion challenge to the
world's food exporting countries: Stamp out by the year 2000 the "trade
distorting" farm subsidies that have touched off a worldwide trade war in
agricultural products.

The U.S. and the European Community are the big spenders in this contest to see
who can throw the most money at farming.

But Canada, too, is well up in the Billionaires' Club of spenders on farm
programs.

Within the next month or two at Geneva, Canada will have to say what exactly we
want done about farm subsidies. A new round of talks is under way on the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, which sets the basic rules of international
business for most trading nations.

Agricultural supports worldwide amount to roughly $200 billion (Canadian) a year
in government and consumer spending, according to one U.S. department of
agriculture analyst.

But despite the massive amounts of money being poured into agriculture, it isn't
even easy to define what a subsidy is - and that's one of the stumbling blocks
to getting out of the mess.

The clearest form of subsidy is a direct payment from government to farmer.

But often it is consumers who foot the bill.

Canada, for example, has set the domestic price of bread wheat at roughly double
the world price in order to prop up farm incomes - and consumers pay the price
through higher prices for bread, pasta and baked goods.

Here is a look at the way some of the world's big agricultural exporters
subsidize production.

Canada

Canada provides some massive subsidies of its own.

Federal farm spending in the most recent fiscal year amounted to $5.2 billion.
Of that, $2 billion went as direct payments to farmers. In addition, provincial
governments chipped in $900 million of their own, to bring the total to $2.9
billion.

Split among Canada's 261,000 farms with yearly sales of $2,500 or more, it works
out to an average of more than $11,000 a farm.

This year, spending will be even higher because of a special $1 billion payment
to grain producers.

Some of Canada's subsidies are clear, direct payments. For example:

* Transport subsidy: One of the building blocks of western Canada was a
guarantee of low-cost rail transport for western wheat.

This has become what is now called the "Crow Benefit" which subsidizes grain
transportation to export markets to the tune of about $710 million a year.

The payment goes to the railway companies, but the beneficiaries are clearly the
farmers whose grain is carried to port.

* Dairy subsidy: The federal government pays dairy farmers 6 cents for every
litre of "industrial" milk they produce. Industrial milk is used for making
cheese, yogurt, ice cream and the like - not for drinking.

The subsidy totaled $277 million in the latest year.

Farmers argue that the subsidy permits them to sell their milk more cheaply to
dairy processors, who can pass the saving on to consumers. They claim,
therefore, that the subsidy benefits consumers rather than farmers.

But the subsidy comes out of general tax revenue. And it's the farmer who gets
the cheque.

* Special Grains Program: This is an unusual subsidy, unlike the Crow benefit or
the dairy subsidy, but at $1 billion it's a big one.

The fierce competition for international grain markets has driven prices to the
lowest levels since the 1930s on world grain markets. Ottawa has responded with
a special, one-time, billion-dollar payout to grain growers for 1987.

In addition to these direct subsidies, Canada runs price "stabilization"
programs. Most of these guarantee farmers that the price they get for their
product won't fall below the average for the previous five years.

The payments come out of a fund to which farmers themselves contribute. But
federal and provincial governments generally contribute more to the funds than
farmers.

The biggest plan of this type at the moment is the Western Grain Stabilization
plan. Western grain growers have received $705 million out of this fund this
year; producer contributions to the fund totaled only $30 million.

The fund has used up the entire surplus built up during the late 1970s and early
'80s, so taxpayers are now coughing up the money being paid out.

FOther subsidies:* Canadian Wheat Board losses: The Wheat Board markets all
western Canadian grains, and pays farmers guaranteed minimum prices, set in
advance.

Other subsidies:

* Canadian Wheat Board losses: The Wheat Board markets all western Canadian
grains, and pays farmers guaranteed minimum prices, set in advance.

If markets collapse, and the price the wheat board gets in the marketplace is
lower than the price it guaranteed the farmer, the wheat board loses money.
Wheat board losses are absorbed by the Canadian taxpayer. The latest year's
loss: $200 million.

In addition, the auditor-general says the wheat board should write off $900
million in losses from sales of wheat to deeply indebted countries that never
paid for the grain and are unlikely to do so in the future. Taxpayers would take
the loss.

* Farm Credit Corp.: The federal lending agency has become the lender of last
resort for Canadian farmers. It has assumed the riskiest farm loans in Canada.
The result in its latest year was a loss of $132.5 million, up from $121.4
million the previous year. The Canadian taxpayer is ultimately responsible.

These are all examples of government payments.

* Marketing boards: Canadian consumers also pay part of the burden.

For example Canada's dairy, egg and poultry industries all operate under "supply
management." Production is restricted to match the demands of the domestic
market, and imports of poultry, egg and dairy products are strictly controlled.

The result is generally tighter supplies, and that contributes to higher prices
of these products in Canada than in the U.S.

The Economic Council of Canada has calculated that in 1980, Canadian consumers
paid $800 million in higher prices for chicken, eggs and dairy products because
of supply management.

Does supply management amount to a trade-distorting subsidy? The answer probably
depends on which side of the boundary you live on.

Canadian farmers and bureaucrats have argued that these programs don't distort
world trade, because Canada exports little of its poultry and dairy production.
But foreign farmers are forbidden from supplying more than a limited part of
Canada's domestic market.

There are a host of additional federal farm programs, not to mention dozens of
provincial subsidies.

Ontario, for example, is paying farmers grants totaling $240 million over three
years to help lower interest costs.

The federal government gives farmers tax rebates for farm machinery fuel, and
togther with the provinces helps fund a string of price stabilization programs.

It operates a crop insurance plan, and compensates farmers for damage caused by
migratory waterfowl.

All of these programs can be construed as subsidies.

United States

The world's wealthiest country and its mightiest food exporter is one of its
biggest subsidizers.

The U.S. federal government is spending roughly $26 billion (U.S.) in direct
payments to farmers this year.

That's not all. The U.S. has plenty of tax breaks for farmers. It helps farmers
store and transport their crops, and finance their farms.

And it offers tariff protection to certain big industries, such as sugar, which
amount to a consumer subsidy. For example, the U.S. keeps raw sugar prices at
about 20 cents (U.S.) a pound - three times the world price.

The biggest irritant for Canada and the European Community, however, is the
extra payments U.S. grain growers get for their crops from the U.S. government.

The U.S. sets two prices for most grains, such as corn and wheat: The "loan
rate" and the "target price."

The loan rate is in effect a floor price for U.S. grains. A farmer can borrow
money from a government agency based on his expected crop. The loan rate for
wheat this year, for example, is $2.17 a bushel.

If the price of wheat drops below $2.17, the farmer simply keeps the money and
forfeits his crop - in effect the government buys his crop for $2.17 a bushel.

But that's not all the farmer receives. If he agrees to certain conditions -
usually keeping a certain amount of his land out of production - the government
pays him more.

The "target price" for wheat this year is $4.29 - almost double the loan rate.
The federal government simply pays the farmer in straight cash the difference
between what he got for his crop and the target price.

Since 1985, the U.S. has slashed the loan rate dramatically - in effect lowering
the floor price of world grain markets.

But it has kept the target price high, which means it is obligated to make huge
payments to fill the gap between loan rate and target price.

In addition, the U.S. has gone to war to win back foreign grain markets that it
lost during the past decade.

Under an "export enhancement program," it has sold grain much the same way
supermarkets sell soap. The U.S. government gave away stocks of U.S. grain to
certain customers who bought U.S. grain: Buy three bushels, get one free.

The U.S. does require farmers to take a certain amount of land out of production
to be eligible to get the target price.

Like Canada and other countries, the U.S. also has a string of government
programs to help pay for storage and transport costs.

And it has paid dairy producers $2.5 billion (Canadian) to slaughter milk cows
to lower milk production - a move the U.S. hopes will save money in the long
run.

European Community

The Europeans have been painted as the bad guys by both Canada and the U.S.

It's partly because their farm subsidies are so easy to spot. The EC will spend
$34.5 billion on farm subsidies this year, which is roughly two-thirds of the
Community's entire budget.

The European system is relatively simple. The EC sets minimum prices for farm
products near the beginning of the year, and then gurantees them.

If farmers can't get the minimum price on the open market, they can sell their
crops or animals to the EC, which puts the products in storage and pays the
farmer the minimum price.

And what minimum prices they are:

European farmers who grow wheat used for bread are guaranteed $269 a tonne for
their crop. Farmers in western Canada are guaranteed just $110 a tonne (less
shipping charges) for the crop they'll harvest this fall.

European farmers get $5,150 a tonne for their beef. That's $2.33 a pound for a
carcass. Canadian farmers, by contrast, recently saw live steer prices rise to a
near record $1 a pound - which translates to about $1.64 a pound carcass weight.

The high prices have a predictable result. Farmers make plenty of money, and the
more they produce the more money they make.

Europe has wound up with mountains of beef and butter, and oceans of surplus
wine.

This year, for example, the EC has managed to reduce its beef surplus to a mere
600,000 tonnes of beef - or 1.3 billion pounds.

The total book value of all surplus stocks being held by the EC - grains, meats,
wine, dairy products - is roughly $18 billion. That's nearly the value of
Canada's entire yearly agricultural output.

Europe is trying to come to grips with its farm surpluses, although its critics
say the measures fall far short of what it required.

In December, for example, the EC decided to cut dairy production by 9.5 per cent
over two years. (Unfortunately, lower production means many dairy cows will be
slaughtered. And that will boost the beef surplus.)

It also cut wheat prices by about 3 per cent this year - although the European
price is so far above the world price that such a modest reduction doesn't
amount to much.

Costly as the farm subsidies are to the EC itself, the high prices paid to
farmers are also reflected in high prices paid by European consumers.

Some studies have estimated that it is consumers who bear the brunt of the EC's
farm programs in the form of unnecessarily high food prices.

If consumers paid regular world prices for their food, it would cost the EC five
times what it does now to prop up farm incomes.

* Tomorrow, the possibilities - and the risks - of reform.

First of two articles

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photos harvester; freight train passing grain elevator

                  Copyright 1987 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             357 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2015 Tuesday

Solicitation of Applications for the Rural Energy for America Program for Fiscal
Year 2016

LENGTH: 6802 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)


  Action

  Notice.

  Summary

  The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (the Agency) announces the acceptance
of applications under the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) which is
designed to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses reduce energy
costs and consumption and help meet the Nation's critical energy needs. REAP
have two types of funding assistance: (1) Renewable Energy Systems and Energy
Efficiency Improvements Assistance, and (2)Energy Audit and Renewable Energy
Development Assistance Grants.



  The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Assistance
provides grants and guaranteed loans to agricultural producers and rural small
businesses to purchase and install renewable energy systems and make energy
efficiency improvements to their operations. Eligible renewable energy systems
for REAP provide energy from: Wind, solar, renewable biomass (including
anaerobic digesters), small hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen
derived from these renewable resources.

  The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is
available to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a
State, Tribal, or local government; institution of higher education; rural
electric cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as defined in 16
U.S.C. 3451. The recipient of grant funds, grantee, will establish a program to
assist agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the
energy efficiency and the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies
into their operations.

 Dates
 Grant applications, guaranteed loan-only applications, and combined grant and
guaranteed loan applications for financial assistance under this subpart may be
submitted at any time on an ongoing basis. Section IV.E. of this Notice
establishes the deadline dates for the applications to be received in order to
be considered for funding provided by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L.
113-79), commonly referred to as the 2014 Farm Bill Act, for fiscal year 2016.

  For Further Information Contact

  The applicable USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator for your respective
State, as identified via the following link:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf.

  For information about this Notice, please contact Kelley Oehler, Branch Chief,
USDA Rural Development, Energy Division, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop
3225, Room 6870, Washington, DC 20250. Telephone: (202) 720-6819. Email:
kelley.oehler@wdc.usda.gov

  Supplementary Information

  Eligible Applicants: This solicitation is for agricultural producers and rural
small businesses, as well as units of State, Tribal, or local government;
instrumentalities of a State, Tribal, or local government; institutions of
higher education; rural electric cooperatives; public power entities; and
councils, as defined in 16 U.S.C. 3451, which serve agricultural producers and
rural small businesses.

  I. Program Description

  REAP is designed to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses
reduce energy costs and consumption and help meet the Nation's critical energy
needs. REAP has two types of funding assistance: (1) Renewable Energy Systems
and Energy Efficiency Improvements Assistance and (2) Energy Audit and Renewable
Energy Development Assistance Grants.

  A. General. Applications for REAP can be submitted on an ongoing basis. This
Notice announces the deadline times and dates to submit applications for the
REAP funds provided by the Agricultural Act of 2014, on February 7, 2014 (2014
Farm Bill), for fiscal year 2016 for grants, guaranteed loans, and combined
grants and guaranteed loans to purchase and install renewable energy systems,
and make energy efficiency improvements; and for grants to conduct energy audits
and renewable energy development assistance.

  The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Assistance
provides grants and guaranteed loans to agricultural producers and rural small
businesses to purchase and install renewable energy systems and make energy
efficiency improvements to their operations. Eligible renewable energy systems
for REAP provide energy from wind, solar, renewable biomass (including anaerobic
digesters), small hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen derived from
these renewable resources.

  The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is
available to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a
State, Tribal, or local government; institution of higher education; rural
electric cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as defined in 16
U.S.C. 3451. The recipient of grant funds, (grantee), will establish a program
to assist agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the
energy efficiency and the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies
into their operations.

  The administrative requirements applicable to each type of funding available
under REAP are described in 7 CFR, part 4280, subpart B. The provisions
specified in 7 CFR 4280.101 through 4280.111 apply to each funding type
described in this Notice.

  B. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement Project Grants.
In addition to the other provisions of this Notice, the requirements specified
in 7 CFR 4280.112 through 4280.124 apply to renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement project grants.

  C. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement Project
Guaranteed Loans. In addition to the other provisions of this Notice, the
requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.125 through 4280.152 apply to guaranteed
loans for renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement projects.
For fiscal year 2016, the guarantee fee amount is one percent of the guaranteed
portion of the loan, and the annual renewal fee is one-quarter of 1 percent
(0.250 percent) of the guaranteed portion of the loan.

  D. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement Project Combined
Grant and Guaranteed Loan Requests. In addition to the other provisions of this
Notice, the requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.165 apply to a combined grant
and guaranteed loan for renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvement projects.

  E. Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants. In
addition to the other provisions of this Notice, the requirements specified in 7
CFR 4280.186 through 4280.196 apply to energy audit and renewable energy
development assistance grants.

  II. Federal Award Information

  A. Statutory Authority. This program is authorized under 7 U.S.C. 8107.

  B. Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number. 10.868.

  C. Funds Available. This Notice is announcing deadline times and dates for
applications to be submitted for the REAP funds provided by the 2014 Farm Bill
for fiscal year 2016. This Notice is being published prior to the congressional
enactment of a full-year appropriation for fiscal year 2016. The Agency will
continue to process applications received under this announcement and should
REAP receive appropriated funds, these funds will be announced on the following
Web site: www.rd.usda.gov/newsroom/notices-solicitation-applications-nosas and
subject to the same provisions in this Notice.

  (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant-only
funds. For renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement projects
only, there will be an allocation of grant funds to each Rural Development State
Office. The State allocations will include an allocation for grants of $20,000
or less funds and an allocation of grant funds that can be used to fund
renewableenergy system and energy efficiency improvement grants of either
$20,000 or less or grants of more than $20,000, as well as the grant portion of
a combination grant and guaranteed loan. These funds are commonly referred to as
unrestricted grant funds. The funds for grants of $20,000 or less can only be
used to fund grants requesting $20,000 or less.

  (a) To ensure that small projects have a fair opportunity to compete for the
funding and are consistent with the priorities set forth in the statute, the
Agency will set-aside 20 percent of the fiscal year 2016 funds until June 30,
2016, to fund grants of $20,000 or less.

  (b) Grant funds available for renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvement will consist of fiscal year 2016 funds and any unused mandatory
funding from fiscal year 2015.

  (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement loan guarantee
funds. Rural Development's National Office will maintain a reserve of guaranteed
loan funds. The amount of loan guarantee program level available will consist of
fiscal year 2016 funds.

  (3) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan
and grant combination funds. The amount of funds available for guaranteed loan
and grant combination applications are outlined in paragraphs C(b)(1) and C(2)
of this section.

  (4) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grant funds. The
amount of funds available for energy audits and renewable energy development
assistance in fiscal year 2016 will be 4 percent of fiscal year 2016 mandatory
funds. Obligations of these funds will take place through March 31, 2016. Any
unobligated balances will be moved to the renewable energy subsidy account as of
April 1, 2016. These funds may be utilized in any of the renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvement national competitions.

  D. Approximate Number of Awards. The estimated number of awards is 1,000 based
on the historical average grant size and the anticipated mandatory funding of
$50 million for fiscal year 2016, but will depend on the actual amount of funds
made available and on the number of eligible applicants participating in this
program.

  E. Type of Instrument. Grant, guaranteed loan, and grant/guaranteed loan
combinations.

  III. Eligibility Information

  A. Eligible Applicants. To be eligible for the grant portion of the program,
an applicant must meet the requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.109, 7 CFR
4280.110, and 7 CFR 4280.112, or 7 CFR 4280.186, as applicable.

  B. Eligible Lenders and Borrowers. To be eligible for the guaranteed portion
of the program, lenders and borrowers must meet the eligibility requirements in
7 CFR 4280.125 and 7 CFR 4280.127, as applicable.

  C. Eligible Projects. To be eligible for this program, a project must meet the
eligibility requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.113, 7 CFR 4280.128, and 7 CFR
4280.187, as applicable.

  D. Cost Sharing or Matching. The 2014 Farm Bill mandates the maximum
percentages of funding that REAP can provide.

  (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement funding approved
for guaranteed loan-only requests and for combination guaranteed loan and grant
requests will not exceed 75 percent of eligible project costs, with any Federal
grant portion not to exceed 25 percent of the total eligible project costs,
whether the grant is part of a combination request or is a grant-only.

  (2) Under the energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants,
a grantee that conducts energy audits must require that, as a condition of
providing the energy audit, the agricultural producer or rural small business
pay at least 25 percent of the cost of the energy audit.

  E. Other. The definitions applicable to this Notice are published at 7 CFR
4280.103. Ineligible project costs can be found in 7 CFR 4280.114(d), 7 CFR
4280.129(f), and 7 CFR 4280.188(c), as applicable.

  IV. Application and Submission Information

  A. Address to Request Application. Application materials may be obtained by
contacting one of Rural Development's Energy Coordinators, as identified via the
following link: http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf.

  In addition, for grant applications, applicants may obtain electronic grant
applications for REAP from http://www.Grants.gov. When you enter the Grants.gov
site, you will find information about submitting an application electronically
through the site. To use Grants.gov, all applicants must have a DUNS number,
which can be obtained at no cost via a toll-free request line at (866) 705-5711
or online at http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. USDA Rural Development strongly
recommends that applicants do not wait until the application deadline date to
begin the application process through Grants.gov.

  B. Application Submittal.

  (1) Grant applications. All grant applications may be submitted either as hard
copy to the appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator or electronically
using the Government-wide Grants.gov Web site. When submitting an application as
hard copy, applicants must submit one original.

  (a) All renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement applications
are to be submitted to the USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator in the
State in which the applicant's proposed project is located. A list of USDA Rural
Development Energy Coordinators is available via the following link:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf.

  (b) All energy audit and renewable energy development assistance applications
are to be submitted to the USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator in the
State in which the applicant is headquartered.

  (c) Grant-only applicants submitting their electronic applications to the
Agency via the Grants.gov Web site may download a copy of the application
package to complete it off line and then upload and submit the application via
the Grants.gov site, including all information typically included in the
application, and all necessary assurances and certifications. After
electronically submitting an application through the Web site, the applicant
will receive an automated acknowledgement from Grants.gov that contains a
Grants.gov tracking number.

  (2) Guaranteed loan applications. Guaranteed loan-only applications (i.e.,
those that are not part of a guaranteed loan/grant combination request) must be
submitted as hard copy to the appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator.

  (3) Guaranteed loan and grant combination applications. Applications for
guaranteed loans/grants (combination applications) must be submitted as hard
copy to the appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator.

  C. Content and Form of Application Submission. Applicants seeking to
participate in this program must submit applications in accordance with this
Notice and 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B. Applicants must submit complete
applications containing all parts necessary for the Agency to determine
applicant and project eligibility, to score the application, and to conduct the
technical evaluation, as applicable, in order to be considered.

  (1) Competition. The application dates published in Section IV.E. of this
Notice identify the times and dates by which complete applications must be
received in order to compete for the funds available.

  (2) Grant applications. Information required for an application to be
considered complete is found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B.

  (a) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvement projects with total project costs of $80,000 or less must provide
information required by 7 CFR 4280.119.

  (b) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvement projects with total project costs of $200,000 or less, but more than
$80,000, must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.118.

  (c) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvement projects with total project costs of greater than $200,000 must
provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.117.

  (d) Guaranteed loan applications for renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvement projects must provide information required by 7 CFR
4280.137.

  (e) Combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for renewable energy
systems and energy efficiency improvement projects must provide information
required by 7 CFR 4280.165(c).

  (f) Applications for energy audits or renewable energy development assistance
grants must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.190.

  (3) Race, ethnicity, and gender. The Agency is requesting that each applicant
provide race, ethnicity, and gender information about the applicant. The
information will allow the Agency to evaluate its outreach efforts to
under-served and under-represented populations. Applicants are encouraged to
furnish this information with their applications, but are not required to do so.
An applicant's eligibility or the likelihood of receiving an award will not be
impacted by furnishing or not furnishing this information.

  (4) Hybrid projects. If the application is for a hybrid project, as defined in
7 CFR 4280.103, technical reports, as required under 7 CFR 4280.110(h)(3), must
be prepared for each technology that comprises the hybrid project.

  (5) Multiple facilities. Applicants may submit a single application that
proposes to apply the same renewable energy system (including the same hybrid
project) or energy efficiency improvement across multiple facilities. For
example, a rural small business owner owns five retail stores and wishes to
install solar panels on each store. The rural small business owner may submit a
single application for installing the solar panels on the five stores. However,
if this same owner wishes to install solar panels on three of the five stores
and wind turbines for the other two stores, the owner can only submit an
application for either the solar panels or for the wind turbines in the same
fiscal year.

  (6) Fiscal Year 2015 Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement
Grant Applications for $20,000 or less. If an application for a project was
submitted after April 30, 2015, for the first time for fiscal year 2015 funding
and that initial application was determined eligible but was not funded in
either the State or National unrestricted competitions, the Agency will consider
that application for funding in the November 2, 2015, and May 2, 2016, State
competitions for grants of $20,000 or less and the National competition for
grants of $20,000 or less in fiscal year 2016. If an applicant submitted the
initial application on or prior to April 30, 2015, the applicant must submit a
new application, meeting the requirements of this Notice in order to be
considered for fiscal year 2016 funds for that project, and a new submission
date of record will be established.

  D. System for Award Management (SAM) and Dun and Bradstreet Universal Number
System (DUNS) Number. Unless exempt under 2 CFR 25.110, all applicants must:

  (1) Be registered in SAM prior to submitting an application;

  (2) Maintain an active SAM registration with current information at all times
during which it has an active Federal award or an application under
consideration by the Agency; and

  (3) Provide its DUNS number in each application it submits to the Agency.

  (4) At the time the Agency is ready to make an award, if the applicant has not
complied with paragraphs A(1) through A(3) of this section, the Agency may
determine the applicant is not eligible to receive the award.

  E. Submission Dates and Times. Grant applications, guaranteed loan-only
applications, and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial
assistance under this subpart may be submitted at any time on an ongoing basis.
When an application window closes, the next application window opens on the
following day. This Notice establishes the deadline dates for the applications
to be received in order to be considered for funding provided by the 2014 Farm
Bill for fiscal year 2016. An application received after these dates will be
considered with other applications received in the next application window. In
order to be considered for funds under this Notice, complete applications must
be received by the appropriate USDA Rural Development State Office or via
Grants.gov. The deadline for applications to be received to be considered for
funding in fiscal year 2016 are outlined in the following paragraphs and also
summarized in a table at the end of this section:

  (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant
applications and combination grant and guaranteed loan applications. Application
deadlines for fiscal years 2016 grant funds are:

  (a) For applicants requesting $20,000 or less that wish to have their
application compete for the &ldquo;Grants of $20,000 or less set aside,&rdquo;
complete applications must be received no later than:

  (i) 4:30 p.m. local time on November 2, 2015, or

  (ii) 4:30 p.m. local time on May 2, 2016.

  (b) For applicants requesting grant funds of over $20,000 (unrestricted) or
funding for a combination grant and guaranteed loan, complete applications must
be received no later than 4:30 p.m. local time on May 2, 2016.

  (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan
-only applications. Applications will be reviewed and processed when received
with monthly competitions on the first business day of each month for those
applications eligible and ready to be funded.

  (3) Energy audits and renewable energy development assistance grant
applications. Complete applications must be received no later than 4:30 p.m.
local time on February 1, 2016.







      Application

      Applicationwindowopeningdates

      Applicationwindowclosingdates





      Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants ($20,000
or less competing for up to 50 percent of the set aside funds)

      July 1, 2015

      November 2, 2015.



      Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants ($20,000
or less competing for the remaining set aside funds)

      November 3, 2015

      May 2, 2016.*



      Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants
(Unrestricted grants, including combination grant and guaranteed loan)

      July 1, 2015

      May 2, 2016.*



      Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Guaranteed
Loans

      Continuous application cycle

      Continuous application cycle.



      Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants

      February 13, 2015

      February 1, 2016.*





  F. Intergovernmental Review. REAP is not subject to Executive Order 12372,
Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs.

  G. Funding Limitations. The following funding limitations apply to
applications submitted under this Notice.

  (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement projects.

  (a) Applicants may apply for only one renewable energy system project and one
energy efficiency improvement project in fiscal year 2016.

  (b) For renewable energy system grants, the minimum grant is $2,500 and the
maximum is $500,000. For energy efficiency improvement grants, the minimum grant
is $1,500 and the maximum grant is $250,000.

  (c) For renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement loan
guarantees, the minimum REAP guaranteed loan amount is $5,000 and the maximum
amount of a guaranteed loan to be provided to a borrower is $25 million.

  (d) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan
and grant combination applications. Paragraphs (b) and (c) of this section
contain the applicable maximum amounts and minimum amounts for grants and
guaranteed loans.

  (2) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants.

  (a) Applicants may submit only one energy audit grant application and one
renewable energy development assistance grant application for fiscal year 2016
funds.

  (b) The maximum aggregate amount of energy audit and renewable energy
development assistance grants awarded to any one recipient under this Notice
cannot exceed $100,000 for fiscal year 2016.

  (c) The 2014 Farm Bill mandates that the recipient of a grant that conducts an
energy audit for an agricultural producer or a rural small business must require
the agricultural producer or rural small business to pay at least 25 percent of
the cost of the energy audit, which shall be retained by the eligible entity for
the cost of the audit.

  (3) Maximum grant assistance to an entity. For the purposes of this Notice,
the maximum amount of grant assistance to an entity will not exceed $750,000 for
fiscal year 2016 based on the total amount of the renewable energy system,
energy efficiency improvement, energy audit, and renewable energy development
assistance grants awarded to an entity under REAP.

  H. Other submission requirements and information.

  (1) Environmental information. For the Agency to consider an application, the
application must include all environmental review documents with supporting
documentation in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G. Applications for
financial assistance for planning or management purposes are typically
categorically excluded from the environmental review process by 7 CFR
1940.310(e)(1). Any required environmental review must be completed prior to
obligation of funds or the approval of the application. Applicants are advised
to contact the Agency to determine environmental requirements as soon as
practicable to ensure adequate review time.

  (2) Felony conviction and tax delinquent status. Corporate applicants
submitting applications under this Notice must include Form AD 3030,
&ldquo;Representations Regarding Felony Conviction and Tax Delinquent Status for
Corporate Applicants.&rdquo; Corporate applicants who receive an award under
this Notice will be required to sign Form AD 3031, &ldquo;Assurance Regarding
Felony Conviction or Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants.&rdquo; Both
forms can be found online at http://www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3030; and
http://www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3031.

  (3) Original signatures. USDA Rural Development may request that the applicant
provide original signatures on forms submitted through Grants.gov at a later
date.

  (4) Transparency Act Reporting. All recipients of Federal financial assistance
are required to report information about first-tier sub-awards and executive
compensation in accordance with 2 CFR part 170. So long as an entity applicant
does not have an exception under 2 CFR 170.110(b), the applicant must have the
necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting
requirements should the applicant receive funding. See 2 CFR 170.200(b).

  V. Application Review Information

  A. Evaluation Criteria. All complete applications will be scored in accordance
with 7 CFR 4280.120, 4280.135, and 4280.192 and as supplemented below.

  (1) For fiscal year 2016, if the State Director and Administrator consider
awarding priority points under 7 CFR 4280.120(g), the State Director and the
Administrator will take into consideration paragraphs V.A(1)(a) and (b) below.

  (a) With regard to 7 CFR 4280.120(g)(3), which addresses applicants who are
members of unserved and under-served populations, a project that is:

  (i) Owned by a veteran, including but not limited to individuals as sole
proprietors, members, partners, stockholders, etc., of not less than 20 percent.
In order to receive points, applicants must provide a statement in their
applications to indicate that owners of the project have veteran status; and

  (ii) Owned by a member of a socially-disadvantaged group, which are groups
whose members have been subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender prejudice because
of their identity as members of a group without regard to their individual
qualities. In order to receive points, the application must include a statement
to indicate that the owners ofthe project are members of a
socially-disadvantaged group.

  (b) With regard to 7 CFR 4280.120(g)(4), which addresses applications that
further a Presidential initiative or a Secretary of Agriculture priority,
projects:

  (i) Located in rural areas with the lowest incomes where, according to the
most recent 5-year American Community Survey data by census, tracts show that at
least 20 percent of the population is living in poverty. This will support
Secretary of Agriculture's priority of providing 20 percent of its funding by
2016 to these areas of need and

  (ii) Located in designated Strike Force or Promise Zone areas, which is a
Secretary of Agriculture's priority.

  (2) Combined grant and guaranteed loan applications will be scored in
accordance with 7 CFR 4280.120.

  (3) For hybrid applications, each technical report will be evaluated based on
its own merit.

  B. Review and Selection Process. Grant-only applications, guaranteed loan-only
applications, and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial
assistance may be submitted at any time. In order to be considered for funds,
complete applications must be received by the appropriate USDA Rural Development
State Office or via Grants.gov, as identified in Section IV.E., of this Notice.

  (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants. Due to
the competitive nature of this program, applications are competed based on
submittal date. The submittal date is the date the Agency receives a complete
application. The complete application date is the date the Agency receives the
last piece of information that allows the Agency to determine eligibility and to
score, rank, and compete the application for funding.

  (a) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants of
$20,000 or less State funds. Funds will be allocated to the States. Applications
must be submitted by November 2, 2015, or May 2, 2016, in order to be considered
for these set-aside funds. The State will award 50 percent of these funds for
those complete applications the Agency receives by November 2, 2015, and 50
percent of the funds for those complete applications the Agency receives by May
2, 2016. All State allocated unused funds for grants of $20,000 or less will be
pooled to the National Office.

  (b) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants of
$20,000 or less national funds. All unfunded eligible applications for grants of
$20,000 or less received by May 2, 2016, will be competed against other
applications for grants of $20,000 or less from other States at a final national
competition. Obligations of these funds will take place prior to June 30, 2016.

  (c) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement unrestricted
grant State funds. Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
grant funds that can be awarded to any renewable energy system or energy
efficiency improvement application, regardless of the amount of the funding
request, will be allocated to the States. All unused funds for grant funds will
be pooled to the National Office.

  (d) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement national grant
funds. All unfunded eligible applications for grants, which include grants of
$20,000 or less, that are received by May 2, 2016, and that are not funded by
State allocations can be submitted to the National Office to compete against
grant applications from other States at a final national competition.

  (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan
funds. The National Office will maintain a reserve for renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan funds. Applications will be
reviewed and processed when received. Those applications that meet the Agency's
underwriting requirements, are credit worthy, and score a minimum of 50 points
will compete in national competitions for guaranteed loan funds on the first
business day of each month. All unfunded eligible guaranteed loan-only
applications received that do not score at least 50 points will be competed
against other guaranteed loan-only applications from other States at a final
national competition, if the guaranteed loan reserves have not been completely
depleted, on September 1, 2016. If funds remain after the final guaranteed loan
-only national competition, the Agency may elect to utilize budget authority to
fund additional grant-only applications.

  (3) Combined grant and guaranteed loan applications. Renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvement combined grant and guaranteed loan
applications will compete with grant-only applications for grant funds allocated
to their State referenced in paragraph B(1)(c) of this section. If the
application is ranked high enough to receive State allocated grant funds, the
State will request funding for the guaranteed loan portion of any combined grant
and guaranteed loan applications from the National Office guaranteed loan
reserve, and no further competition will be required.

  (4) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants. Energy
audit and renewable energy development assistance grant funds will be maintained
in a reserve at the National Office. The two highest scoring applications from
each State, based on the scoring criteria established under &sect; 4280.192,
will compete for funding at a national competition. If funds remain after the
energy audit and renewable energy development assistance national competition,
the Agency may elect to transfer budget authority to fund additional renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants from the National Office
reserve after pooling.

  (5) Insufficient funds. If a State allocation is not sufficient to fund the
total amount of a grant or combination application, the applicant must be
notified that they may accept the remaining funds or submit the total request
for National Office reserve funds available after pooling. If the applicant
agrees to lower its grant request, the applicant must certify that the purposes
of the project will be met and provide the remaining total funds needed to
complete the project.

  (a) If two or more grant or combination applications have the same score and
remaining funds in the State allocation are insufficient to fully award them,
the remaining funds must be divided proportionally between the applications. The
Agency will notify the applicants that they may either accept the proportional
amount of funds or submit their total request for National Office reserve. If
the applicant agrees to lower its grant request, the applicant must certify that
the purposes of the project will be met and provide the remaining total funds
needed to complete the project.

  (b) At its discretion, the Agency may instead allow the remaining funds to be
carried over to the next fiscal year rather than selecting a lower scoring
application(s) or distributing funds on a pro-rata basis.

  C. Award Considerations. All awards will be on a discretionary basis. In
determining the amount of a renewable energy system or energy efficiency
improvement grant or loan guarantee, the Agency will consider the six criteria
specified in 7 CFR 4280.114(e) or 7 CFR 4280.129(g), as applicable.

  D. Anticipated Announcement and Federal Award Dates. All awards should be
completed by September 30, 2016.

  VI. Federal Award Administration Information

  A. Federal Award Notices. The Agency will award and administer renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants, guaranteed loans in
accordance with 7 CFR 4280.122, and 7 CFR 4280.139, as applicable. The Agency
will award and administer the energy audit and renewable energy development
assistance grants in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.195. Notification requirements
of 7 CFR 4280.111, apply to this Notice.

  B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements.

  (1) Equal Opportunity and Nondiscrimination. The Agency will ensure that equal
opportunity and nondiscrimination requirements are met in accordance with the
Equal Credit Opportunity Act, 15 U.S.C. 1691 et seq. and 7 CFR part 15d,
Nondiscrimination in Programs and Activities Conducted by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. The Agency will not discriminate against applicants on the basis of
race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, or age (provided
that the applicant has the capacity to contract); because all or part of the
applicant's income derives from any public assistance program; or because the
applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the Consumer Credit
Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.

  (2) Civil Rights Compliance. Recipients of grants must comply with the
Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq., Title VI of
the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000d et seq., and Section 504 of the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973, 29 U.S.C. 794. This may include collection and
maintenance of data on the race, sex, and national origin of the recipient's
membership/ownership and employees. These data must be available to conduct
compliance reviews in accordance with 7 CFR 1901.204.

  (3) Environmental Analysis. 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G, or successor
regulation outlines environmental procedures and requirements for this subpart.
Prospective applicants are advised to contact the Agency to determine
environmental requirements as soon as practicable after they decide to pursue
any form of financial assistance directly or indirectly available through the
Agency.

  (4) Appeals. A person may seek a review of an Agency decision or appeal to the
National Appeals Division in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.105.

  C. Reporting.

  Reporting requirements will be in accordance with the Grant Agreement, 7 CFR
4280.123(j), 7 CFR 4280.143, and 7 CFR 4280.196, as applicable. Any question on
reporting can be directed to the appropriate Rural Development Energy
Coordinator as identified in the &ldquo;For Further Information Contact&rdquo;
section of this notice.

  VII. Other Information

  A. Paperwork Reduction Act

  In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the information
collection requirements associated with renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement grants and guaranteed loans, as covered in this Notice,
have been approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under OMB
Control Number 0570-0050. The information collection requirements associated
with energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants have also
been approved by OMB under OMB Control Number 0570-0059.

  B. Nondiscrimination Statement

  The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the basis of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, religion, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income
is derived from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information
in employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the
Department. (Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or
employment activities.)

  If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination,
complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or complete the form at any
USDA office, or call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a
letter containing all of the information requested in the form. Send your
completed complaint form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at
program.intake@usda.gov

  Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and wish
to file either an EEO or program complaint, please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

  Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us directly by mail or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).


   Dated: September 29, 2015.

   Samuel H. Rikkers,

   Acting Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.

 [FR Doc. 2015-25321 Filed 10-5-15; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             358 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2015 Tuesday

Solicitation of Applications for the Rural Energy for America Program for Fiscal
Year 2016

LENGTH: 6802 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)


  Action

  Notice.

  Summary

  The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (the Agency) announces the acceptance
of applications under the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) which is
designed to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses reduce energy
costs and consumption and help meet the Nation's critical energy needs. REAP
have two types of funding assistance: (1) Renewable Energy Systems and Energy
Efficiency Improvements Assistance, and (2)Energy Audit and Renewable Energy
Development Assistance Grants.



  The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Assistance
provides grants and guaranteed loans to agricultural producers and rural small
businesses to purchase and install renewable energy systems and make energy
efficiency improvements to their operations. Eligible renewable energy systems
for REAP provide energy from: Wind, solar, renewable biomass (including
anaerobic digesters), small hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen
derived from these renewable resources.

  The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is
available to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a
State, Tribal, or local government; institution of higher education; rural
electric cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as defined in 16
U.S.C. 3451. The recipient of grant funds, grantee, will establish a program to
assist agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the
energy efficiency and the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies
into their operations.

 Dates
 Grant applications, guaranteed loan-only applications, and combined grant and
guaranteed loan applications for financial assistance under this subpart may be
submitted at any time on an ongoing basis. Section IV.E. of this Notice
establishes the deadline dates for the applications to be received in order to
be considered for funding provided by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L.
113-79), commonly referred to as the 2014 Farm Bill Act, for fiscal year 2016.

  For Further Information Contact

  The applicable USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator for your respective
State, as identified via the following link:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf.

  For information about this Notice, please contact Kelley Oehler, Branch Chief,
USDA Rural Development, Energy Division, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop
3225, Room 6870, Washington, DC 20250. Telephone: (202) 720-6819. Email:
kelley.oehler@wdc.usda.gov

  Supplementary Information

  Eligible Applicants: This solicitation is for agricultural producers and rural
small businesses, as well as units of State, Tribal, or local government;
instrumentalities of a State, Tribal, or local government; institutions of
higher education; rural electric cooperatives; public power entities; and
councils, as defined in 16 U.S.C. 3451, which serve agricultural producers and
rural small businesses.

  I. Program Description

  REAP is designed to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses
reduce energy costs and consumption and help meet the Nation's critical energy
needs. REAP has two types of funding assistance: (1) Renewable Energy Systems
and Energy Efficiency Improvements Assistance and (2) Energy Audit and Renewable
Energy Development Assistance Grants.

  A. General. Applications for REAP can be submitted on an ongoing basis. This
Notice announces the deadline times and dates to submit applications for the
REAP funds provided by the Agricultural Act of 2014, on February 7, 2014 (2014
Farm Bill), for fiscal year 2016 for grants, guaranteed loans, and combined
grants and guaranteed loans to purchase and install renewable energy systems,
and make energy efficiency improvements; and for grants to conduct energy audits
and renewable energy development assistance.

  The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Assistance
provides grants and guaranteed loans to agricultural producers and rural small
businesses to purchase and install renewable energy systems and make energy
efficiency improvements to their operations. Eligible renewable energy systems
for REAP provide energy from wind, solar, renewable biomass (including anaerobic
digesters), small hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen derived from
these renewable resources.

  The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is
available to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a
State, Tribal, or local government; institution of higher education; rural
electric cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as defined in 16
U.S.C. 3451. The recipient of grant funds, (grantee), will establish a program
to assist agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the
energy efficiency and the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies
into their operations.

  The administrative requirements applicable to each type of funding available
under REAP are described in 7 CFR, part 4280, subpart B. The provisions
specified in 7 CFR 4280.101 through 4280.111 apply to each funding type
described in this Notice.

  B. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement Project Grants.
In addition to the other provisions of this Notice, the requirements specified
in 7 CFR 4280.112 through 4280.124 apply to renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement project grants.

  C. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement Project
Guaranteed Loans. In addition to the other provisions of this Notice, the
requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.125 through 4280.152 apply to guaranteed
loans for renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement projects.
For fiscal year 2016, the guarantee fee amount is one percent of the guaranteed
portion of the loan, and the annual renewal fee is one-quarter of 1 percent
(0.250 percent) of the guaranteed portion of the loan.

  D. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement Project Combined
Grant and Guaranteed Loan Requests. In addition to the other provisions of this
Notice, the requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.165 apply to a combined grant
and guaranteed loan for renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvement projects.

  E. Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants. In
addition to the other provisions of this Notice, the requirements specified in 7
CFR 4280.186 through 4280.196 apply to energy audit and renewable energy
development assistance grants.

  II. Federal Award Information

  A. Statutory Authority. This program is authorized under 7 U.S.C. 8107.

  B. Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number. 10.868.

  C. Funds Available. This Notice is announcing deadline times and dates for
applications to be submitted for the REAP funds provided by the 2014 Farm Bill
for fiscal year 2016. This Notice is being published prior to the congressional
enactment of a full-year appropriation for fiscal year 2016. The Agency will
continue to process applications received under this announcement and should
REAP receive appropriated funds, these funds will be announced on the following
Web site: www.rd.usda.gov/newsroom/notices-solicitation-applications-nosas and
subject to the same provisions in this Notice.

  (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant-only
funds. For renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement projects
only, there will be an allocation of grant funds to each Rural Development State
Office. The State allocations will include an allocation for grants of $20,000
or less funds and an allocation of grant funds that can be used to fund
renewableenergy system and energy efficiency improvement grants of either
$20,000 or less or grants of more than $20,000, as well as the grant portion of
a combination grant and guaranteed loan. These funds are commonly referred to as
unrestricted grant funds. The funds for grants of $20,000 or less can only be
used to fund grants requesting $20,000 or less.

  (a) To ensure that small projects have a fair opportunity to compete for the
funding and are consistent with the priorities set forth in the statute, the
Agency will set-aside 20 percent of the fiscal year 2016 funds until June 30,
2016, to fund grants of $20,000 or less.

  (b) Grant funds available for renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvement will consist of fiscal year 2016 funds and any unused mandatory
funding from fiscal year 2015.

  (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement loan guarantee
funds. Rural Development's National Office will maintain a reserve of guaranteed
loan funds. The amount of loan guarantee program level available will consist of
fiscal year 2016 funds.

  (3) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan
and grant combination funds. The amount of funds available for guaranteed loan
and grant combination applications are outlined in paragraphs C(b)(1) and C(2)
of this section.

  (4) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grant funds. The
amount of funds available for energy audits and renewable energy development
assistance in fiscal year 2016 will be 4 percent of fiscal year 2016 mandatory
funds. Obligations of these funds will take place through March 31, 2016. Any
unobligated balances will be moved to the renewable energy subsidy account as of
April 1, 2016. These funds may be utilized in any of the renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvement national competitions.

  D. Approximate Number of Awards. The estimated number of awards is 1,000 based
on the historical average grant size and the anticipated mandatory funding of
$50 million for fiscal year 2016, but will depend on the actual amount of funds
made available and on the number of eligible applicants participating in this
program.

  E. Type of Instrument. Grant, guaranteed loan, and grant/guaranteed loan
combinations.

  III. Eligibility Information

  A. Eligible Applicants. To be eligible for the grant portion of the program,
an applicant must meet the requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.109, 7 CFR
4280.110, and 7 CFR 4280.112, or 7 CFR 4280.186, as applicable.

  B. Eligible Lenders and Borrowers. To be eligible for the guaranteed portion
of the program, lenders and borrowers must meet the eligibility requirements in
7 CFR 4280.125 and 7 CFR 4280.127, as applicable.

  C. Eligible Projects. To be eligible for this program, a project must meet the
eligibility requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.113, 7 CFR 4280.128, and 7 CFR
4280.187, as applicable.

  D. Cost Sharing or Matching. The 2014 Farm Bill mandates the maximum
percentages of funding that REAP can provide.

  (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement funding approved
for guaranteed loan-only requests and for combination guaranteed loan and grant
requests will not exceed 75 percent of eligible project costs, with any Federal
grant portion not to exceed 25 percent of the total eligible project costs,
whether the grant is part of a combination request or is a grant-only.

  (2) Under the energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants,
a grantee that conducts energy audits must require that, as a condition of
providing the energy audit, the agricultural producer or rural small business
pay at least 25 percent of the cost of the energy audit.

  E. Other. The definitions applicable to this Notice are published at 7 CFR
4280.103. Ineligible project costs can be found in 7 CFR 4280.114(d), 7 CFR
4280.129(f), and 7 CFR 4280.188(c), as applicable.

  IV. Application and Submission Information

  A. Address to Request Application. Application materials may be obtained by
contacting one of Rural Development's Energy Coordinators, as identified via the
following link: http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf.

  In addition, for grant applications, applicants may obtain electronic grant
applications for REAP from http://www.Grants.gov. When you enter the Grants.gov
site, you will find information about submitting an application electronically
through the site. To use Grants.gov, all applicants must have a DUNS number,
which can be obtained at no cost via a toll-free request line at (866) 705-5711
or online at http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. USDA Rural Development strongly
recommends that applicants do not wait until the application deadline date to
begin the application process through Grants.gov.

  B. Application Submittal.

  (1) Grant applications. All grant applications may be submitted either as hard
copy to the appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator or electronically
using the Government-wide Grants.gov Web site. When submitting an application as
hard copy, applicants must submit one original.

  (a) All renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement applications
are to be submitted to the USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator in the
State in which the applicant's proposed project is located. A list of USDA Rural
Development Energy Coordinators is available via the following link:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf.

  (b) All energy audit and renewable energy development assistance applications
are to be submitted to the USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator in the
State in which the applicant is headquartered.

  (c) Grant-only applicants submitting their electronic applications to the
Agency via the Grants.gov Web site may download a copy of the application
package to complete it off line and then upload and submit the application via
the Grants.gov site, including all information typically included in the
application, and all necessary assurances and certifications. After
electronically submitting an application through the Web site, the applicant
will receive an automated acknowledgement from Grants.gov that contains a
Grants.gov tracking number.

  (2) Guaranteed loan applications. Guaranteed loan-only applications (i.e.,
those that are not part of a guaranteed loan/grant combination request) must be
submitted as hard copy to the appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator.

  (3) Guaranteed loan and grant combination applications. Applications for
guaranteed loans/grants (combination applications) must be submitted as hard
copy to the appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator.

  C. Content and Form of Application Submission. Applicants seeking to
participate in this program must submit applications in accordance with this
Notice and 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B. Applicants must submit complete
applications containing all parts necessary for the Agency to determine
applicant and project eligibility, to score the application, and to conduct the
technical evaluation, as applicable, in order to be considered.

  (1) Competition. The application dates published in Section IV.E. of this
Notice identify the times and dates by which complete applications must be
received in order to compete for the funds available.

  (2) Grant applications. Information required for an application to be
considered complete is found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B.

  (a) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvement projects with total project costs of $80,000 or less must provide
information required by 7 CFR 4280.119.

  (b) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvement projects with total project costs of $200,000 or less, but more than
$80,000, must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.118.

  (c) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvement projects with total project costs of greater than $200,000 must
provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.117.

  (d) Guaranteed loan applications for renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvement projects must provide information required by 7 CFR
4280.137.

  (e) Combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for renewable energy
systems and energy efficiency improvement projects must provide information
required by 7 CFR 4280.165(c).

  (f) Applications for energy audits or renewable energy development assistance
grants must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.190.

  (3) Race, ethnicity, and gender. The Agency is requesting that each applicant
provide race, ethnicity, and gender information about the applicant. The
information will allow the Agency to evaluate its outreach efforts to
under-served and under-represented populations. Applicants are encouraged to
furnish this information with their applications, but are not required to do so.
An applicant's eligibility or the likelihood of receiving an award will not be
impacted by furnishing or not furnishing this information.

  (4) Hybrid projects. If the application is for a hybrid project, as defined in
7 CFR 4280.103, technical reports, as required under 7 CFR 4280.110(h)(3), must
be prepared for each technology that comprises the hybrid project.

  (5) Multiple facilities. Applicants may submit a single application that
proposes to apply the same renewable energy system (including the same hybrid
project) or energy efficiency improvement across multiple facilities. For
example, a rural small business owner owns five retail stores and wishes to
install solar panels on each store. The rural small business owner may submit a
single application for installing the solar panels on the five stores. However,
if this same owner wishes to install solar panels on three of the five stores
and wind turbines for the other two stores, the owner can only submit an
application for either the solar panels or for the wind turbines in the same
fiscal year.

  (6) Fiscal Year 2015 Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement
Grant Applications for $20,000 or less. If an application for a project was
submitted after April 30, 2015, for the first time for fiscal year 2015 funding
and that initial application was determined eligible but was not funded in
either the State or National unrestricted competitions, the Agency will consider
that application for funding in the November 2, 2015, and May 2, 2016, State
competitions for grants of $20,000 or less and the National competition for
grants of $20,000 or less in fiscal year 2016. If an applicant submitted the
initial application on or prior to April 30, 2015, the applicant must submit a
new application, meeting the requirements of this Notice in order to be
considered for fiscal year 2016 funds for that project, and a new submission
date of record will be established.

  D. System for Award Management (SAM) and Dun and Bradstreet Universal Number
System (DUNS) Number. Unless exempt under 2 CFR 25.110, all applicants must:

  (1) Be registered in SAM prior to submitting an application;

  (2) Maintain an active SAM registration with current information at all times
during which it has an active Federal award or an application under
consideration by the Agency; and

  (3) Provide its DUNS number in each application it submits to the Agency.

  (4) At the time the Agency is ready to make an award, if the applicant has not
complied with paragraphs A(1) through A(3) of this section, the Agency may
determine the applicant is not eligible to receive the award.

  E. Submission Dates and Times. Grant applications, guaranteed loan-only
applications, and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial
assistance under this subpart may be submitted at any time on an ongoing basis.
When an application window closes, the next application window opens on the
following day. This Notice establishes the deadline dates for the applications
to be received in order to be considered for funding provided by the 2014 Farm
Bill for fiscal year 2016. An application received after these dates will be
considered with other applications received in the next application window. In
order to be considered for funds under this Notice, complete applications must
be received by the appropriate USDA Rural Development State Office or via
Grants.gov. The deadline for applications to be received to be considered for
funding in fiscal year 2016 are outlined in the following paragraphs and also
summarized in a table at the end of this section:

  (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant
applications and combination grant and guaranteed loan applications. Application
deadlines for fiscal years 2016 grant funds are:

  (a) For applicants requesting $20,000 or less that wish to have their
application compete for the &ldquo;Grants of $20,000 or less set aside,&rdquo;
complete applications must be received no later than:

  (i) 4:30 p.m. local time on November 2, 2015, or

  (ii) 4:30 p.m. local time on May 2, 2016.

  (b) For applicants requesting grant funds of over $20,000 (unrestricted) or
funding for a combination grant and guaranteed loan, complete applications must
be received no later than 4:30 p.m. local time on May 2, 2016.

  (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan
-only applications. Applications will be reviewed and processed when received
with monthly competitions on the first business day of each month for those
applications eligible and ready to be funded.

  (3) Energy audits and renewable energy development assistance grant
applications. Complete applications must be received no later than 4:30 p.m.
local time on February 1, 2016.







      Application

      Applicationwindowopeningdates

      Applicationwindowclosingdates





      Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants ($20,000
or less competing for up to 50 percent of the set aside funds)

      July 1, 2015

      November 2, 2015.



      Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants ($20,000
or less competing for the remaining set aside funds)

      November 3, 2015

      May 2, 2016.*



      Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants
(Unrestricted grants, including combination grant and guaranteed loan)

      July 1, 2015

      May 2, 2016.*



      Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Guaranteed
Loans

      Continuous application cycle

      Continuous application cycle.



      Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants

      February 13, 2015

      February 1, 2016.*





  F. Intergovernmental Review. REAP is not subject to Executive Order 12372,
Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs.

  G. Funding Limitations. The following funding limitations apply to
applications submitted under this Notice.

  (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement projects.

  (a) Applicants may apply for only one renewable energy system project and one
energy efficiency improvement project in fiscal year 2016.

  (b) For renewable energy system grants, the minimum grant is $2,500 and the
maximum is $500,000. For energy efficiency improvement grants, the minimum grant
is $1,500 and the maximum grant is $250,000.

  (c) For renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement loan
guarantees, the minimum REAP guaranteed loan amount is $5,000 and the maximum
amount of a guaranteed loan to be provided to a borrower is $25 million.

  (d) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan
and grant combination applications. Paragraphs (b) and (c) of this section
contain the applicable maximum amounts and minimum amounts for grants and
guaranteed loans.

  (2) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants.

  (a) Applicants may submit only one energy audit grant application and one
renewable energy development assistance grant application for fiscal year 2016
funds.

  (b) The maximum aggregate amount of energy audit and renewable energy
development assistance grants awarded to any one recipient under this Notice
cannot exceed $100,000 for fiscal year 2016.

  (c) The 2014 Farm Bill mandates that the recipient of a grant that conducts an
energy audit for an agricultural producer or a rural small business must require
the agricultural producer or rural small business to pay at least 25 percent of
the cost of the energy audit, which shall be retained by the eligible entity for
the cost of the audit.

  (3) Maximum grant assistance to an entity. For the purposes of this Notice,
the maximum amount of grant assistance to an entity will not exceed $750,000 for
fiscal year 2016 based on the total amount of the renewable energy system,
energy efficiency improvement, energy audit, and renewable energy development
assistance grants awarded to an entity under REAP.

  H. Other submission requirements and information.

  (1) Environmental information. For the Agency to consider an application, the
application must include all environmental review documents with supporting
documentation in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G. Applications for
financial assistance for planning or management purposes are typically
categorically excluded from the environmental review process by 7 CFR
1940.310(e)(1). Any required environmental review must be completed prior to
obligation of funds or the approval of the application. Applicants are advised
to contact the Agency to determine environmental requirements as soon as
practicable to ensure adequate review time.

  (2) Felony conviction and tax delinquent status. Corporate applicants
submitting applications under this Notice must include Form AD 3030,
&ldquo;Representations Regarding Felony Conviction and Tax Delinquent Status for
Corporate Applicants.&rdquo; Corporate applicants who receive an award under
this Notice will be required to sign Form AD 3031, &ldquo;Assurance Regarding
Felony Conviction or Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants.&rdquo; Both
forms can be found online at http://www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3030; and
http://www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3031.

  (3) Original signatures. USDA Rural Development may request that the applicant
provide original signatures on forms submitted through Grants.gov at a later
date.

  (4) Transparency Act Reporting. All recipients of Federal financial assistance
are required to report information about first-tier sub-awards and executive
compensation in accordance with 2 CFR part 170. So long as an entity applicant
does not have an exception under 2 CFR 170.110(b), the applicant must have the
necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting
requirements should the applicant receive funding. See 2 CFR 170.200(b).

  V. Application Review Information

  A. Evaluation Criteria. All complete applications will be scored in accordance
with 7 CFR 4280.120, 4280.135, and 4280.192 and as supplemented below.

  (1) For fiscal year 2016, if the State Director and Administrator consider
awarding priority points under 7 CFR 4280.120(g), the State Director and the
Administrator will take into consideration paragraphs V.A(1)(a) and (b) below.

  (a) With regard to 7 CFR 4280.120(g)(3), which addresses applicants who are
members of unserved and under-served populations, a project that is:

  (i) Owned by a veteran, including but not limited to individuals as sole
proprietors, members, partners, stockholders, etc., of not less than 20 percent.
In order to receive points, applicants must provide a statement in their
applications to indicate that owners of the project have veteran status; and

  (ii) Owned by a member of a socially-disadvantaged group, which are groups
whose members have been subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender prejudice because
of their identity as members of a group without regard to their individual
qualities. In order to receive points, the application must include a statement
to indicate that the owners ofthe project are members of a
socially-disadvantaged group.

  (b) With regard to 7 CFR 4280.120(g)(4), which addresses applications that
further a Presidential initiative or a Secretary of Agriculture priority,
projects:

  (i) Located in rural areas with the lowest incomes where, according to the
most recent 5-year American Community Survey data by census, tracts show that at
least 20 percent of the population is living in poverty. This will support
Secretary of Agriculture's priority of providing 20 percent of its funding by
2016 to these areas of need and

  (ii) Located in designated Strike Force or Promise Zone areas, which is a
Secretary of Agriculture's priority.

  (2) Combined grant and guaranteed loan applications will be scored in
accordance with 7 CFR 4280.120.

  (3) For hybrid applications, each technical report will be evaluated based on
its own merit.

  B. Review and Selection Process. Grant-only applications, guaranteed loan-only
applications, and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial
assistance may be submitted at any time. In order to be considered for funds,
complete applications must be received by the appropriate USDA Rural Development
State Office or via Grants.gov, as identified in Section IV.E., of this Notice.

  (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants. Due to
the competitive nature of this program, applications are competed based on
submittal date. The submittal date is the date the Agency receives a complete
application. The complete application date is the date the Agency receives the
last piece of information that allows the Agency to determine eligibility and to
score, rank, and compete the application for funding.

  (a) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants of
$20,000 or less State funds. Funds will be allocated to the States. Applications
must be submitted by November 2, 2015, or May 2, 2016, in order to be considered
for these set-aside funds. The State will award 50 percent of these funds for
those complete applications the Agency receives by November 2, 2015, and 50
percent of the funds for those complete applications the Agency receives by May
2, 2016. All State allocated unused funds for grants of $20,000 or less will be
pooled to the National Office.

  (b) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants of
$20,000 or less national funds. All unfunded eligible applications for grants of
$20,000 or less received by May 2, 2016, will be competed against other
applications for grants of $20,000 or less from other States at a final national
competition. Obligations of these funds will take place prior to June 30, 2016.

  (c) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement unrestricted
grant State funds. Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
grant funds that can be awarded to any renewable energy system or energy
efficiency improvement application, regardless of the amount of the funding
request, will be allocated to the States. All unused funds for grant funds will
be pooled to the National Office.

  (d) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement national grant
funds. All unfunded eligible applications for grants, which include grants of
$20,000 or less, that are received by May 2, 2016, and that are not funded by
State allocations can be submitted to the National Office to compete against
grant applications from other States at a final national competition.

  (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan
funds. The National Office will maintain a reserve for renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan funds. Applications will be
reviewed and processed when received. Those applications that meet the Agency's
underwriting requirements, are credit worthy, and score a minimum of 50 points
will compete in national competitions for guaranteed loan funds on the first
business day of each month. All unfunded eligible guaranteed loan-only
applications received that do not score at least 50 points will be competed
against other guaranteed loan-only applications from other States at a final
national competition, if the guaranteed loan reserves have not been completely
depleted, on September 1, 2016. If funds remain after the final guaranteed loan
-only national competition, the Agency may elect to utilize budget authority to
fund additional grant-only applications.

  (3) Combined grant and guaranteed loan applications. Renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvement combined grant and guaranteed loan
applications will compete with grant-only applications for grant funds allocated
to their State referenced in paragraph B(1)(c) of this section. If the
application is ranked high enough to receive State allocated grant funds, the
State will request funding for the guaranteed loan portion of any combined grant
and guaranteed loan applications from the National Office guaranteed loan
reserve, and no further competition will be required.

  (4) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants. Energy
audit and renewable energy development assistance grant funds will be maintained
in a reserve at the National Office. The two highest scoring applications from
each State, based on the scoring criteria established under &sect; 4280.192,
will compete for funding at a national competition. If funds remain after the
energy audit and renewable energy development assistance national competition,
the Agency may elect to transfer budget authority to fund additional renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants from the National Office
reserve after pooling.

  (5) Insufficient funds. If a State allocation is not sufficient to fund the
total amount of a grant or combination application, the applicant must be
notified that they may accept the remaining funds or submit the total request
for National Office reserve funds available after pooling. If the applicant
agrees to lower its grant request, the applicant must certify that the purposes
of the project will be met and provide the remaining total funds needed to
complete the project.

  (a) If two or more grant or combination applications have the same score and
remaining funds in the State allocation are insufficient to fully award them,
the remaining funds must be divided proportionally between the applications. The
Agency will notify the applicants that they may either accept the proportional
amount of funds or submit their total request for National Office reserve. If
the applicant agrees to lower its grant request, the applicant must certify that
the purposes of the project will be met and provide the remaining total funds
needed to complete the project.

  (b) At its discretion, the Agency may instead allow the remaining funds to be
carried over to the next fiscal year rather than selecting a lower scoring
application(s) or distributing funds on a pro-rata basis.

  C. Award Considerations. All awards will be on a discretionary basis. In
determining the amount of a renewable energy system or energy efficiency
improvement grant or loan guarantee, the Agency will consider the six criteria
specified in 7 CFR 4280.114(e) or 7 CFR 4280.129(g), as applicable.

  D. Anticipated Announcement and Federal Award Dates. All awards should be
completed by September 30, 2016.

  VI. Federal Award Administration Information

  A. Federal Award Notices. The Agency will award and administer renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants, guaranteed loans in
accordance with 7 CFR 4280.122, and 7 CFR 4280.139, as applicable. The Agency
will award and administer the energy audit and renewable energy development
assistance grants in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.195. Notification requirements
of 7 CFR 4280.111, apply to this Notice.

  B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements.

  (1) Equal Opportunity and Nondiscrimination. The Agency will ensure that equal
opportunity and nondiscrimination requirements are met in accordance with the
Equal Credit Opportunity Act, 15 U.S.C. 1691 et seq. and 7 CFR part 15d,
Nondiscrimination in Programs and Activities Conducted by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. The Agency will not discriminate against applicants on the basis of
race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, or age (provided
that the applicant has the capacity to contract); because all or part of the
applicant's income derives from any public assistance program; or because the
applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the Consumer Credit
Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.

  (2) Civil Rights Compliance. Recipients of grants must comply with the
Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq., Title VI of
the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000d et seq., and Section 504 of the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973, 29 U.S.C. 794. This may include collection and
maintenance of data on the race, sex, and national origin of the recipient's
membership/ownership and employees. These data must be available to conduct
compliance reviews in accordance with 7 CFR 1901.204.

  (3) Environmental Analysis. 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G, or successor
regulation outlines environmental procedures and requirements for this subpart.
Prospective applicants are advised to contact the Agency to determine
environmental requirements as soon as practicable after they decide to pursue
any form of financial assistance directly or indirectly available through the
Agency.

  (4) Appeals. A person may seek a review of an Agency decision or appeal to the
National Appeals Division in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.105.

  C. Reporting.

  Reporting requirements will be in accordance with the Grant Agreement, 7 CFR
4280.123(j), 7 CFR 4280.143, and 7 CFR 4280.196, as applicable. Any question on
reporting can be directed to the appropriate Rural Development Energy
Coordinator as identified in the &ldquo;For Further Information Contact&rdquo;
section of this notice.

  VII. Other Information

  A. Paperwork Reduction Act

  In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the information
collection requirements associated with renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement grants and guaranteed loans, as covered in this Notice,
have been approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under OMB
Control Number 0570-0050. The information collection requirements associated
with energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants have also
been approved by OMB under OMB Control Number 0570-0059.

  B. Nondiscrimination Statement

  The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the basis of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, religion, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income
is derived from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information
in employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the
Department. (Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or
employment activities.)

  If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination,
complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or complete the form at any
USDA office, or call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a
letter containing all of the information requested in the form. Send your
completed complaint form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at
program.intake@usda.gov

  Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and wish
to file either an EEO or program complaint, please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

  Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us directly by mail or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).


   Dated: September 29, 2015.

   Samuel H. Rikkers,

   Acting Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.

 [FR Doc. 2015-25321 Filed 10-5-15; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             359 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 10, 1981, Friday, Late City Final Edition

REAGAN'S AGRICULTURE POLICY EMERGES AS LOBBIES AND BUDGET CUTTERS CLASH;
The Budget Targets Seventh in a series on key programs;
that President Reagan wants to cut.

BYLINE: By ANN CRITTENDEN

SECTION: Section A; Page 14, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1723 words


In a particularly heated session in David A. Stockman's office, Mr. Stockman,
Secretary of Agriculture John R. Block, and Deputy Secretary Richard E. Lyng
were debating Mr. Stockman's proposed cuts in the farm budget. At one point in a
discussion of dairy price supports, Mr. Stockman, the young director of the
Office of Management and Budget, pointed to the wall and said: ''See that
picture? That's a farm where I milked cows for 15 years. Don't talk to me about
farming.''

Recalling the incident, Mr. Lyng remarked that Mr. Stockman, who grew up on a
farm in Wisconsin, ''had some strong and deep biases'' against the farm program.
''He would like to see farmers treated exactly like everyone else,'' the former
head of the American Meat Institute said with some wonder. ''We pointed out that
there are some differences in agriculture.''

The Reagan Administration's farm policy, as it has emerged from these struggles,
represents a compromise between the zealous austerity of the budget office and
the peerless persuasive power of the agricultural lobby.

On the one hand, despite Mr. Stockman's efforts, some of the most venerable and
expensive farm programs remain intact. Old subsidies do not fade away easily,
and the Reagan budget makes clear that some of the farm lobbies are still
defending their territory more effectively than the urban poor.

The basic structure of the 30-year-old dairy program, for example, remains
untouched, despite a sizable cut in the program's current cost. Analysts at the
Congressional Budget Office believe that subsidies to dairy farmers will still
be close to $1 billion a year for the next few years.

Tobacco Subsidies Continue

Similarly, subsidies to tobacco farmers have been left inviolate, thanks largely
to the protective guardianship of Senator Jesse Helms of North Carolina, the
powerful Republican chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee. The cost to
the budget is minimal, an estimated $79 million in the fiscal year 1982, but the
program, like dairy price supports, defies the free market ideology espoused by
the new Administration.

On the other hand, the Administration has made a serious attempt to trim some of
the most sprawling, costly programs of the Federal Government, including the
dairy price supports and the vast lending apparatus of the Farmers Home
Administration.

The Administration has also moved to simplify some of the more complex price
support mechanisms, continuing a 15-year effort by Republican and Democratic
administrations alike to reduce the role of government in the agricultural
marketplace.

In all, the Reagan Administration is proposing cuts of $3.7 billion in fiscal
year 1982 in the Agriculture Department's programs affecting farmers, including
the Commodity Credit Corporation, the agricultural stabilization and
conservation programs, Farmers Home Administration and the Rural Electrification
Administration. The reduction, to $26.3 billion from $30 billion, represents a
cut of about 12 percent in the farmer's total share of the Federal pie from the
budget offered by President Carter last January.

Many of the farm supports had their origins in the Depression of the 1930's,
when farmers constituted 25 percent of the population, and were overwhelmingly
poor and on the edge of civil revolt. Today, the six million Americans still in
agriculture, 2.8 percent of the nation's population, are by no definition
underprivileged.

Farm Income Above Average

In 1978 the average net income of a farm-operating family from all sources was
almost $23,000, about 30 percent higher than the national median family income.
Research in the mid-1970's indicated that only 10.6 percent of farm families
were below the poverty threshold, most of them older households in the South.

Despite its steadily increasing well-being, however, rural America emerges with
far fewer wounds from the Reagan attack on Federal spending than poor city
dwellers. The Administration's proposed budget would reduce the Agriculture
Department's outlays for social programs affecting the needy, including food
stamps and the school lunch program, for example, by about 15 percent by 1982,
compared with the 12 percent cut in the programs for farmers.

According to Mr. Lyng, the social programs are being cut disproportionately
because more is spent on them than on farm support programs. The program level
for commodity programs in 1980, for example, was $9.5 billion, as against $13.5
billion for food and nutrition services.

Almost no item in the budget has increased as quickly as the payments to dairy
farmers, by far the most expensive farm price support program.

Parity Sustains Dairy Prices

Dairy prices are sustained by a system that guarantees producers a price, fixed
without regard to the forces of supply and demand, and commits the Government to
buy up all of the product that cannot be sold in the market at that price. The
dairy program, established in 1949, has remained unchanged longer than any other
major commodity program, and is the only such program that still uses parity, a
price index reflecting a farmer's purchasing power from 1910 to 1914, as a basis
of price support. All of the others except sugar have moved to formulas based on
the cost of production.

Currently the dairy support level is 80 percent of parity, a level so high that
the Government is buying an estimated 9 to 10 percent of all of the milk
produced in the country this year, at a cost of close to $2 billion. If the 80
percent formula were maintained, that expense would rise to more than $3 billion
by 1986.

The temporary legislation setting milk price supports at a minimum of 80 percent
of parity expires in September, and if no action is taken, the minimum will
revert to the 75 percent minimum in the basic legislation. But even at that
level, the Congressional Budget Office estimates that the cost of dairy price
supports would be $1.4 billion in fiscal 1982.

About half of the subsidy benefits go to the largest 15 percent of dairy
farmers, while only about 6 percent go to the smallest 45 percent, according to
the Community Nutrition Institute, a Washington-based consumer group opposed to
the program.

Virtually the first budget-cutting action the new Administration took was to
attack this system, and from his bed at George Washington University Hospital,
the President has signed a bill eliminating a scheduled increase in the dairy
payments, which are indexed to inflation.

On the same day Agriculture Secretary Block, disclosing proposals for the next
major farm bill, to replace the four-year statute expiring Sept. 31, said that
the minimum support level for milk should be reduced to 70 percent of parity,
adjusted for inflation as needed instead of twice a year.

The proposed changes should reduce dairy program costs to $500 million to $600
million a year, according to Administration estimates, although Congressional
analysts believe the annual cost could still be around $1 billion.

Curbs Sought on Loans

The Administration has also moved to curb the accelerating growth of the Farmers
Home Administration, a little-known agency that has issued a staggering $45
billion in loans and grants in the last four years, more than half of the
agency's total volume in its 45-year history.

The agency was originally established to act as a lender of last resort,
providing low-interest or Government-guaranteed loans to farmers and rural
residents who could not obtain credit on reasonable terms elsewhere.

In the 1970's, however, the agency's mandate was expanded, enabling it, among
other things, to finance rural water and sewer systems and to guarantee loans to
businesses and developers promising to locate in rural areas. As a result, it
has extended credit to condominium builders, failing colleges, corporations like
the Wheeling-Pittsburg Steel Corp., and developers of tennis, golf and ski
resorts.

Most of these credits were issued at interest rates of 5 to 7 percent, and
evidence has developed that some borrowers were taking the money and putting it
into high-interest paying certificates of deposit. Many credits were also
allegedly handed out on the basis of political influence.

The new Administration has described the agency's disaster emergency loan
program as ''subject to the worst abuse.'' Largely because of last summer's
drought, this year's loans are expected to amount to a record of more than $5
billion, as against $2.27 billion in the fiscal year 1980. ''Supposedly, that
money went to farmers,'' commented a House agricultural analyst, ''but so much
went out they really don't know where those loans are going.''

Tightening on Interest Charges

The Reagan Administration has proposed several changes. In all, they would
reduce the agency's loan and grant activity to about the level prevailing in the
mid-1970's. The real cost of the programs would be reduced by eliminating all
interest rate subsidies and the likely number of loan defaults. According to the
Congressional Budget Office, the estimated overall savings to the budget would
be about $200 million in 1982, rising to $900 million by 1986.

Specifically, the agency's direct loan obligations in 1982 would be cut by about
25 percent, from the $10.2 billion envisioned by the Carter Administration to
$7.9 billion. New lending and grants on water projects would be reduced to $600
million from $1.01 billion this year. And the $741 million program of guaranteed
loans to business and industry would be eliminated altogether, along with a
Carter Administration plan to provide $525 million in guaranteed loans to
alcohol fuels projects.

According to the Congressional Budget Office, the cutback in direct lending
would have its greatest adverse impact on low-income and beginning farmers, who
would probably not be able to find credit elsewhere.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             360 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            January 22, 2017 Sunday

Rural energy workshop Feb. 17

LENGTH: 864 words

DATELINE: DOVER-FOXCROFT


- The Piscataquis County Soil and Water Conservation District (PCSWCD) is
hosting a rural energy workshop for landowners, homeowners, farmers and small
businesses in partnership with the University of Maine Cooperative Extension
Piscataquis County Office and Dover-Dexter Area Towns in Transition (DDAT). The
workshop will be held on Friday, Feb. 17 with a snow date of Feb. 24 and the
session will include lunch for workshop participants.


Energy efficiency, energy audits and information on various energy sources will
all be discussed in this day-long workshop. The workshop will host a dynamic
line-up of presenters including Vaughan Woodruff, owner of InSource Renewables
in Pittsfield; Chip Reier, owner of Pine Tree Energy; USDA Rural Development
Business Programs Specialist Cheryl Pelletier; USDA Farm Service Agency Farm
Loan Officer Trainee Janice Ramirez; and USDA Natural Resources Conservation
Service Assistant State Conservationist for Special Projects Christopher Jones.


The presenters will all discuss several energy programs and options available
for landowners, homeowners, farmers and small businesses needing technical
and/or funding assistance to upgrade their energy systems to be more efficient.


Woodruff is the chair of the Committee on Renewable Energy, the trade
association for Maine-based solar contractors. He writes for various national
solar trade publications, trains professionals across the country and serves on
technical committees for a number of key organizations in the U.S. solar
industry. Insource Renewables provides the design, installation and service of
solar electric, solar heating and heat pump technologies for residential and
commercial customers in Maine.


As Woodruff notes, "People explore renewable energy projects for a variety of
reasons. Many look to make a strong economic investment in their home or
business. Others place a high value on the benefits of renewable energy, such as
stabilized fuel costs, self-sufficiency, the support of local business, and
clean energy production."


Reier is a vendor for Efficiency Maine. Efficiency Maine is the independent
administrator for energy efficiency programs in Maine, and helps homeowners
lower their costs and environmental impacts of energy by promoting
cost-effective energy efficiency and alternative energy systems. Reier will
discuss Efficiency Maine's rebate and loan programs, which can provide funding
for in-home energy assessments and audits, and for implementing energy
conservation strategies through Pine Tree Energy, such as spray foam, cellulose,
air source and ground source heat pumps.


Pelletier will highlight funding opportunities for rural energy efficiency and
renewable energy such as USDA Rural Development Rural Energy for America Program
(REAP) grants and loans. Pelletier is also the interim business program director
for USDA, Rural Development. She works specifically with the Business and
Industry Guaranteed Loan Program as well as the REAP grants and guaranteed
loans. Pelletier has worked for USDA Rural Development since 1994 in several
capacities, and is currently working out of the Presque Isle covering the entire
state. USDA Rural Development programs are designed to meet the needs of rural
landowners and businesses who have a need to improve their energy efficiency and
renewable energy systems, as well as need financial assistance to make these
improvements.


Ramirez will discuss the types of loan programs available for farmers in rural
areas to start, improve, expand and strengthen family farming operations,
including energy systems. USDA Farm Service Agency provides viable farming
opportunities for all farmers, including beginning farmers, racial and ethnic
minority farmers and women producers.


Jones, will detail the NRCS On-Farm Energy Initiative available for landowners
through NRCS' Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP). Jones has a
Master of Science degree from the University of Maine, and one of his duties is
the Energy Contact for Maine NRCS. This initiative enables eligible producers to
identify ways to conserve energy on the farm through an Agricultural Energy
Management Plan (AgEMP), also known as an on-farm energy audit; and by providing
financial and technical assistance to help producers implement various measures
and practices recommended in an on-farm energy audit. With a completed AgEMP or
other qualifying energy audit, eligible producers can apply for EQIP assistance
for the purchase and installation of improvements for lighting, cooling,
ventilation, greenhouse improvements, maple syrup evaporators, irrigation pumps,
grain dryers, heating and refrigeration units, building insulation and more.


There will be informational brochures and handouts provided by the presenters,
the PCSWCD and the University of Maine Cooperative Extension Piscataquis County
Office to supplement the workshop. A registration fee will include all workshop
presentations, handouts and lunch. For more information and to register, please
contact PCSWCD's Technical Coordinator Madeline Lubas at
madeline.lubas@me.nacdnet.net or Executive Director Joanna Tarrazi at
joanna.tarrazi@me.nacdnet.net or 564-2321, extension 3.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 Bangor Daily News


                             361 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Moscow Times

                               September 4, 1998

U.S. Suspends Russia From Loan Program

BYLINE: MT, REUTERS

SECTION: No. 1532

LENGTH: 493 words


COMBINED REPORTS The U.S. Agriculture Department has suspended Russia from a key
loan guarantee program after it missed a $ 21 million debt payment in
mid-August.

The payment was an installment on $ 2.5 billion in loans that Russia got in the
early 1990s from the USDA's Commodity Credit Corp. under various programs to buy
U.S. farm products.

"They have been very good up until now in meeting all of the payments," USDA
sales manager Chris Goldwait said Wednesday.

But the $ 21 million due in mid-August is now more than several days late, he
said.

Russia's agriculture and economy ministries declined to comment Thursday on the
delay.

Suspension of the program will not significantly effect Russia's imported food
market, said a Moscow-based World Bank official, who asked not to be identified.
He estimated Russia would import $ 65 billion to $ 70 billion worth of goods in
1998.

The loan suspension also is unlikely to have an impact on the biggest U.S. farm
export to Russia, poultry. Poultry, in dollar terms, accounts for two -thirds of
U.S. agricultural exports to Russia and most sales are financed through other
mechanisms.

Analysts said Thursday that the loan default, coupled with the August moratorium
preventing banks from repaying foreign loans, dealt a double blow in damaging
Russia's attractiveness to investors.

"When the state shows that it has gone bankrupt, it is even more shameful and
worse," said Georgy Arbatov, director of the USA/Canada Institute research
center. "Normally, the state gives guarantees, and here the state has shown its
insolvency. This is really bad." However, Arbatov said the program's suspension
may give Moscow the jolt it needs to start ending its dependence on Western food
imports.

"Russia has sat on a needle like a drug addict, borrowing money to pay off
foreign food supplies," he said.

"Maybe now they will have to turn to the Russian agriculture sector," he said.

Russia owes the Commodity Credit Corp. nearly $ 2 billion for guaranteed loans
made to the former Soviet Union in the early 1990s under the department's GSM
-102 program, which guaranteed that loans made by private lenders would be paid
even if the borrower defaulted. The missed payment in August stems from those
obligations.

Russia also owes the Commodity Credit Corp. another $ 500 million for direct
loans made by the USDA under a separate food-aid program.

In fiscal 1998, which ends Sept. 30, Russia used $ 50 million in GSM-102 loans
to buy U.S. meat products and left untouched another $ 45 million in loans. In
fiscal 1997, Russia purchased $ 105 million worth of U.S. farm goods under the
program.

Russia will remained suspended from the GSM-102 program until it clears up its
arrears, Goldwait said.

The country's financial woes could also influence the size of any export credit
program for Russia in fiscal 1999, assuming it catches up on its payments, he
added.


LOAD-DATE: September 4, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                        Copyright 1998 Independent Press


                             362 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            January 22, 2017 Sunday

Rural energy workshop Feb. 17

LENGTH: 865 words

DATELINE: DOVER-FOXCROFT


- The Piscataquis County Soil and Water Conservation District (PCSWCD) is
hosting a rural energy workshop for landowners, homeowners, farmers and small
businesses in partnership with the University of Maine Cooperative Extension
Piscataquis County Office and Dover-Dexter Area Towns in Transition (DDAT). The
workshop will be held on Friday, Feb. 17, 2017 with a snow date of Feb. 24 and
the session will include lunch for workshop participants.


Energy efficiency, energy audits and information on various energy sources will
all be discussed in this day-long workshop. The workshop will host a dynamic
line-up of presenters including Vaughan Woodruff, owner of InSource Renewables
in Pittsfield; Chip Reier, owner of Pine Tree Energy; USDA Rural Development
Business Programs Specialist Cheryl Pelletier; USDA Farm Service Agency Farm
Loan Officer Trainee Janice Ramirez; and USDA Natural Resources Conservation
Service Assistant State Conservationist for Special Projects Christopher Jones.


The presenters will all discuss several energy programs and options available
for landowners, homeowners, farmers and small businesses needing technical
and/or funding assistance to upgrade their energy systems to be more efficient.


Woodruff is the chair of the Committee on Renewable Energy, the trade
association for Maine-based solar contractors. He writes for various national
solar trade publications, trains professionals across the country and serves on
technical committees for a number of key organizations in the U.S. solar
industry. Insource Renewables provides the design, installation and service of
solar electric, solar heating and heat pump technologies for residential and
commercial customers in Maine.


As Woodruff notes, "People explore renewable energy projects for a variety of
reasons. Many look to make a strong economic investment in their home or
business. Others place a high value on the benefits of renewable energy, such as
stabilized fuel costs, self-sufficiency, the support of local business, and
clean energy production."


Reier is a vendor for Efficiency Maine. Efficiency Maine is the independent
administrator for energy efficiency programs in Maine, and helps homeowners
lower their costs and environmental impacts of energy by promoting
cost-effective energy efficiency and alternative energy systems. Reier will
discuss Efficiency Maine's rebate and loan programs, which can provide funding
for in-home energy assessments and audits, and for implementing energy
conservation strategies through Pine Tree Energy, such as spray foam, cellulose,
air source and ground source heat pumps.


Pelletier will highlight funding opportunities for rural energy efficiency and
renewable energy such as USDA Rural Development Rural Energy for America Program
(REAP) grants and loans. Pelletier is also the interim business program director
for USDA, Rural Development. She works specifically with the Business and
Industry Guaranteed Loan Program as well as the REAP grants and guaranteed
loans. Pelletier has worked for USDA Rural Development since 1994 in several
capacities, and is currently working out of the Presque Isle covering the entire
state. USDA Rural Development programs are designed to meet the needs of rural
landowners and businesses who have a need to improve their energy efficiency and
renewable energy systems, as well as need financial assistance to make these
improvements.


Ramirez will discuss the types of loan programs available for farmers in rural
areas to start, improve, expand and strengthen family farming operations,
including energy systems. USDA Farm Service Agency provides viable farming
opportunities for all farmers, including beginning farmers, racial and ethnic
minority farmers and women producers.


Jones, will detail the NRCS On-Farm Energy Initiative available for landowners
through NRCS' Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP). Jones has a
Master of Science degree from the University of Maine, and one of his duties is
the Energy Contact for Maine NRCS. This initiative enables eligible producers to
identify ways to conserve energy on the farm through an Agricultural Energy
Management Plan (AgEMP), also known as an on-farm energy audit; and by providing
financial and technical assistance to help producers implement various measures
and practices recommended in an on-farm energy audit. With a completed AgEMP or
other qualifying energy audit, eligible producers can apply for EQIP assistance
for the purchase and installation of improvements for lighting, cooling,
ventilation, greenhouse improvements, maple syrup evaporators, irrigation pumps,
grain dryers, heating and refrigeration units, building insulation and more.


There will be informational brochures and handouts provided by the presenters,
the PCSWCD and the University of Maine Cooperative Extension Piscataquis County
Office to supplement the workshop. A registration fee will include all workshop
presentations, handouts and lunch. For more information and to register, please
contact PCSWCD's Technical Coordinator Madeline Lubas at
madeline.lubas@me.nacdnet.net or Executive Director Joanna Tarrazi at
joanna.tarrazi@me.nacdnet.net or 564-2321, extension 3.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 Bangor Daily News


                             363 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 1, 1989, Saturday, Final Edition
                              Correction Appended

Fairfax Developer Got $ 78 Million HUD Loan;
Consultant Helps 'Batman' Net Title X Funds

BYLINE: Thomas Heath, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A10

LENGTH: 824 words


When developer J. Bahman Batmanghelidj needed financing to build a 318-acre
project at the western end of Fairfax County, he hired a Washington consultant
who specialized in matching developers with an obscure Department of Housing and
Urban Development program known as Title X.

Batmanghelidj, who calls himself "Batman," paid the consultant, Land Development
Financing, $ 1 million for its expertise. The $ 1 million bought Batmanghelidj
an intervenor with ties to the Reagan administration and resulted in a federally
guaranteed 10-year mortgage for up to $ 78 million with a fixed interest rate of
10 percent. So far Batmanghelidj has used $ 38 million, he said yesterday.

Title X is supposed to give developers low-risk financing to buy land and
install utilities so they can build affordable residential developments.

HUD Secretary Jack Kemp announced Thursday that he will terminate the Title X
program, which a HUD news release described as "riddled with abuse." Kemp also
directed that his inspector general "examine the circumstances surrounding the
processing of a loan" for Batmanghelidj's McNair Farms project, the release
said.

HUD said yesterday that there had been no allegations against any persons or
companies, including Batmanghelidj's. "It's the process we're looking at," HUD
spokesman Jack Flynn said. "The secretary has raised concerns about the number
of consultants in the program and the high default rate . . . . McNair was
singled out because it was a project approved at the very end of the previous
administration, the previous administration official's last day."

McNair Farms, now under construction near Dulles International Airport, will
include 3,500 residential units, some in 90-foot apartment buildings, 400,000
square feet of office space and 327,000 square feet of retail outlets.

"It's a shining star of what affordable housing is in Fairfax County,"
Batmanghelidj said. He said that the Title X program's intent of serving
low-income residents will be fulfilled because rents at McNair Farms, starting
at $ 550 a month, will be affordable to citizens with incomes well below the
Fairfax County median of more than $ 60,000.

"You know why it's not subsidized housing?" Batmanghelidj asked. "Because no one
in the community would accept subsidized housing."

Batmanghelidj said yesterday that the HUD guarantee for the loan, approved in
March and borrowed from Merrill Lynch, gave him the financial stability he would
need to develop McNair Farms over 10 years.

In exchange for the necessary zoning at McNair Farms, Batmanghelidj made a $ 1
million donation to the county's affordable trust fund and is providing nearly $
30 million in improvements to roads and public facilities.

"It's a mixed-use development, mainly residential, for median income residents,"
Batmanghelidj said.

According to a February 1989 internal HUD memo supplied by Batmanghelidj's
office, HUD's Washington office manager apparently sought a waiver to approve
Batmanghelidj's loan guarantee because of its size. However, then-Deputy
Assistant Secretary James C. Nistler, who approved the McNair Farms application
on March 3, 1989, his last day in office, responded that the D.C. office manager
had misinterpreted the handbook requirements and that no waiver would be
required.

Batmanghelidj said yesterday that his firm had done nothing wrong and "regretted
even the possibility that there could be an insinuation that the company could
have acted improperly."

"We went according to the rules and regulations of HUD," Batmanghelidj said.

He said his firm hired Curtis J. Mimna, who was president of Land Development
Financing, to obtain the HUD guarantee and financing through Merrill Lynch.
Mimna could not be reached yesterday.

Batmanghelidj said Mimna in turn hired Tricia Canzeri, a former New York
investment banker whose husband, Joe, had served as an aide to President Reagan.
Attempts to reach Canzeri were unsuccessful.

Several investigations under way are focusing on the fees paid to consultants,
many of whom are Washington insiders, for their help in obtaining HUD grants and
loans.

William T. Coleman Jr., former U.S. secretary of transportation who has done
legal work for Batmanghelidj, said Kemp told him yesterday that the news release
concerning the Title X termination was not meant to convey that Batmanghelidg's
Batman Corp. had acted improperly.

"He certainly indicated that there was nothing wrong with the project," said
Coleman, who served as secretary of transportation under President Ford. "He
[Kemp] said there was no indication whatsoever that Batmanghelidj's Batman Corp.
had done anything improper."

Batmanghelidj, 52, was born in Iran and is a naturalized U.S. citizen. He is one
of the most visible developers in Fairfax County. In addition to McNair Farms,
his major projects include a 3-million-square-foot Dulles Corner office park
known as President's Park.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: July 11, 1989, Tuesday, Final Edition

CORRECTION: A headline July 1 inaccurately reported the source of a federally
guaranteed loan to the Batman Corp. for development of the McNair Farms project
in Fairfax County. The loan came from Merrill Lynch.

GRAPHIC: MAP, LARRY FOGEL

TYPE: VIRGINIA NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                             364 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                            August 2, 2014 Saturday

Farm briefs: Flood insurance hurts farmers, cattle prices up, Farm Bill changes

BYLINE: Chico Enterprise-Record

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 304 words


LEGISLATORS JOIN FORCES ON FLOOD INSURANCE &GT;&GT; Sen. Dianne Feinstein and
congressmen John Garamendi and Doug LaMalfa requested a report be done on
national flood insurance. After the report was done,
http://www.gao.gov/products/GAO-14-583 , the three joined in a letter to the
Federal Emergency Management Agency stating the program harms farmers in
Northern California. Growers can't meet standards, including building structures
15 feet off the ground.

Regional flexibility is needed, the three said.

DROUGHT MAY ALSO IMPACT ENERGY COSTS &GT;&GT; Utility companies are reporting
hydroelectric facilities won't be able to generate as much power this summer due
to drought. The California Farm Bureau Federation said people should expect
energy costs to rise.

FARM BILL OFFERS CHANGES FOR GROWERS &GT;&GT; Growers may want to double check
this year to see if there are programs in the new Farm Bill for which they can
benefit. The Oroville Farm Services Agency can assist at 534-0112.

Among the changes are elimination of the 15-year term limit for guaranteed
operating loans; an increase in a down payment loan program to $300,000;
elimination of the rural residency requirement for youth loans; increase in
conservation loans for socially disadvantaged borrowers and beginning farms.

There are several other changes, a press release from FSA states.

CATTLE NUMBERS ARE DOWN &GT;&GT; Since 2012, reductions in all classes of cattle
have occurred, CattleNetwork reports in its online magazine,
http://goo.gl/B5RZzT

All cattle and calves in the U.S. are at 95 million head, down 3 percent.

In another article, CattleNetwork reports that fed cattle prices set a record in
late July. Retail prices for choice beef in June reached $5.94 a pound, 2.5
cents higher than in May and 66.4 cents more than a year ago,
http://goo.gl/6oCWCP

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rice fields along the Midway in Durham on July 26.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             365 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Orland Press Register (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 13, 2009 Friday

Bigger loans for farmers

BYLINE: Lydia Harris, Orland Press Register, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 407 words


Nov. 13--The chances for farmers and ranchers getting bigger loan guarantees
improved recently.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency announced recently that
the maximum amount in its Guaranteed Loan Program was increased to $1.1 million.

The program provides a guarantee on loans to farmers and ranchers "who do not
qualify for credit anywhere else. We will guarantee 90 percent of a loan to
establish credit through a bank," said Donald Perez, executive director of the
FSA in Glenn County.

Applications are processed locally, but the program is funded on the national
level, Perez said.

County FSA Farm Loan Manager Michele Larrick said, "we work with 10-15 banks,
including farm credits and land banks.

"People apply to a local bank for the guarantee program and the bank helps them
fill out the application," Larrick said.

The loan guarantees are restricted to agricultural needs such as farm ownership,
equipment, feed and fertilizer, farm improvements, purchasing livestock and
water for irrigation and other operating expenses.

"Anything that has to be paid for every year," Larrick said. That includes loans
to construct buildings and make farm improvements.

In addition to having good credit, another restriction is farm or ranch size.
"They cannot be larger than a family-size farm" and the applicants "must provide
most of the labor requirements," she said.

Most applicants are "young or beginning farmers who lack secondary security"
that would provide collateral for conventional bank loans, she said.

The FSA office in Willows processes between 50 and 70 loan guarantee
applications a year, split about evenly between Glenn and Colusa counties,
Larrick said.

In the last 20 years, the program has paid out on only two or three loans, she
added.

FSA also offers direct loans under a different program with different criteria.

Contact Lydia Harris at 934-6800 or lharris@tcnpress.com

INFORMATION

For more information, visit www.fsa.usda.gov and click on Farm Loan Programs or
call 934-4669.

To see more of the Orland Press Register or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.orland-press-register.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Orland Press Register,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091113-YI-Bigger-loans-for-farmers-1113

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YI


                                 Copyright 2009


                             366 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 March 23, 1998

FSA Targeting the Marginal

BYLINE: BY MARK FOGARTY

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 263 words

DATELINE: Washington


The Farm Service Agency, agricultural loan successor to the old Farmers Home
Administration, is targeting small, beginning and minority farmers for real
estate and equipment credit.

Caroline Cooksey, deputy administrator of farm loan programs for FSA, called her
agency "the lender of last resort," particularly for small farmers. When the
Farmers Home Administration was reorganized, its farm lending went to FSA, with
its rural programs going to the Rural Housing Service.

Currently it has made direct or guaranteed loans to nearly 150,000 borrowers,
with $ 11.8 billion in volume in the direct portion (112,150 borrowers) and $
6.5 billion through its guarantee program (41,000 loans).

Ms. Cooksey didn't have a breakout on ownership loans versus equipment/
emergency lending, but said real estate was "the lion's share" of the FSA
volume.  According to the Department of Agriculture, FSA had about 5% of thr
farm RE market at the end of 1997.  "There's a tremendous need for credit,
especially for small farmers," she said, noting that a lot of small operators
are in trouble.  "If this country is interested in keeping small farms, we're
going to have to modify the farm policies to do that." She noted especially a
provision of the 1996 farm reform bill that forbids FSA from extending more
credit to anyone that's had a defaulted loan.

Ms. Cooksey said the percentage of loans to women and minorities has grown from
8.7% in 1994 to 11.1% in 1997, even though the overall portfolio has dropped due
to falling appropriations and a decline to family farms.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1998 Faulkner & Gray


                             367 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              WALL STREET JOURNAL

                           November 18, 1994, Friday

FARM LENDING UNIT TO POST $1 BILLION OF ADDED LOSSES

SECTION: Section C; Page 20, Column 6

LENGTH: 52 words


General Accounting Office reports the Farmers Home Administration expects losses
on its guaranteed farm-loan program to exceed $1 billion; says that from 1976
through 1993, FmHA guaranteed about $12 billion in lenders' loans and expects to
incur losses of about $1.1 billion (S)

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

              Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                             368 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2015 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Solicitation of Applications for the Rural Energy
for America Program for Fiscal Year 2016

LENGTH: 6854 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of
Solicitation of Applications for the Rural Energy for America Program for Fiscal
Year 2016 AGENCY: Rural Business-Cooperative Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (the Agency) announces the acceptance of
applications under the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) which is designed
to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses reduce energy costs
and consumption and help meet the Nation's critical energy needs.

REAP have two types of funding assistance: (1) Renewable Energy Systems and
Energy Efficiency Improvements Assistance, and (2) [[Page 60350]] Energy Audit
and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants. The Renewable Energy Systems
and Energy Efficiency Improvement Assistance provides grants and guaranteed
loans to agricultural producers and rural small businesses to purchase and
install renewable energy systems and make energy efficiency improvements to
their operations. Eligible renewable energy systems for REAP provide energy
from: Wind, solar, renewable biomass (including anaerobic digesters), small
hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen derived from these renewable
resources. The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is
available to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a
State, Tribal, or local government; institution of higher education; rural
electric cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as defined in 16
U.S.C. 3451. The recipient of grant funds, grantee, will establish a program to
assist agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the
energy efficiency and the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies
into their operations. DATES: Grant applications, guaranteed loan-only
applications, and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial
assistance under this subpart may be submitted at any time on an ongoing basis.
Section IV.E. of this Notice establishes the deadline dates for the applications
to be received in order to be considered for funding provided by the
Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L. 113-79), commonly referred to as the 2014 Farm
Bill Act, for fiscal year 2016. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: The applicable
USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator for your respective State, as
identified via the following link:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. For information
about this Notice, please contact Kelley Oehler, Branch Chief, USDA Rural
Development, Energy Division, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop 3225, Room
6870, Washington, DC 20250. Telephone: (202) 720-6819. Email:
kelley.oehler@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Eligible Applicants: This
solicitation is for agricultural producers and rural small businesses, as well
as units of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentalities of a State,
Tribal, or local government; institutions of higher education; rural electric
cooperatives; public power entities; and councils, as defined in 16 U.S.C. 3451,
which serve agricultural producers and rural small businesses. I. Program
Description REAP is designed to help agricultural producers and rural small
businesses reduce energy costs and consumption and help meet the Nation's
critical energy needs. REAP has two types of funding assistance: (1) Renewable
Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvements Assistance and (2) Energy
Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants. A. General.
Applications for REAP can be submitted on an ongoing basis. This Notice
announces the deadline times and dates to submit applications for the REAP funds
provided by the Agricultural Act of 2014, on February 7, 2014 (2014 Farm Bill),
for fiscal year 2016 for grants, guaranteed loans, and combined grants and
guaranteed loans to purchase and install renewable energy systems, and make
energy efficiency improvements; and for grants to conduct energy audits and
renewable energy development assistance. The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy
Efficiency Improvement Assistance provides grants and guaranteed loans to
agricultural producers and rural small businesses to purchase and install
renewable energy systems and make energy efficiency improvements to their
operations. Eligible renewable energy systems for REAP provide energy from wind,
solar, renewable biomass (including anaerobic digesters), small hydro-electric,
ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen derived from these renewable resources. The
Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is available to a
unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a State, Tribal,
or local government; institution of higher education; rural electric
cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as defined in 16 U.S.C. 3451.
The recipient of grant funds, (grantee), will establish a program to assist
agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the energy
efficiency and the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies into
their operations. The administrative requirements applicable to each type of
funding available under REAP are described in 7 CFR, part 4280, subpart B. The
provisions specified in 7 CFR 4280.101 through 4280.111 apply to each funding
type described in this Notice. B. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency
Improvement Project Grants. In addition to the other provisions of this Notice,
the requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.112 through 4280.124 apply to renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvement project grants. C. Renewable
Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement Project Guaranteed Loans. In
addition to the other provisions of this Notice, the requirements specified in 7
CFR 4280.125 through 4280.152 apply to guaranteed loans for renewable energy
system and energy efficiency improvement projects. For fiscal year 2016, the
guarantee fee amount is one percent of the guaranteed portion of the loan, and
the annual renewal fee is one-quarter of 1 percent (0.250 percent) of the
guaranteed portion of the loan. D. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency
Improvement Project Combined Grant and Guaranteed Loan Requests. In addition to
the other provisions of this Notice, the requirements specified in 7 CFR
4280.165 apply to a combined grant and guaranteed loan for renewable energy
system and energy efficiency improvement projects. E. Energy Audit and Renewable
Energy Development Assistance Grants. In addition to the other provisions of
this Notice, the requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.186 through 4280.196 apply
to energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants. II. Federal
Award Information A. Statutory Authority. This program is authorized under 7
U.S.C. 8107. B. Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number. 10.868. C.
Funds Available. This Notice is announcing deadline times and dates for
applications to be submitted for the REAP funds provided by the 2014 Farm Bill
for fiscal year 2016. This Notice is being published prior to the congressional
enactment of a full-year appropriation for fiscal year 2016. The Agency will
continue to process applications received under this announcement and should
REAP receive appropriated funds, these funds will be announced on the following
Web site: www.rd.usda.gov/newsroom/notices-solicitation-applications-nosas and
subject to the same provisions in this Notice. (1) Renewable energy system and
energy efficiency improvement grant-only funds. For renewable energy system and
energy efficiency improvement projects only, there will be an allocation of
grant funds to each Rural Development State Office. The State allocations will
include an allocation for grants of $20,000 or less funds and an allocation of
grant funds that can be used to fund renewable [[Page 60351]] energy system and
energy efficiency improvement grants of either $20,000 or less or grants of more
than $20,000, as well as the grant portion of a combination grant and guaranteed
loan. These funds are commonly referred to as unrestricted grant funds. The
funds for grants of $20,000 or less can only be used to fund grants requesting
$20,000 or less. (a) To ensure that small projects have a fair opportunity to
compete for the funding and are consistent with the priorities set forth in the
statute, the Agency will set-aside 20 percent of the fiscal year 2016 funds
until June 30, 2016, to fund grants of $20,000 or less. (b) Grant funds
available for renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement will
consist of fiscal year 2016 funds and any unused mandatory funding from fiscal
year 2015. (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement loan
guarantee funds. Rural Development's National Office will maintain a reserve of
guaranteed loan funds. The amount of loan guarantee program level available will
consist of fiscal year 2016 funds. (3) Renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement guaranteed loan and grant combination funds. The amount
of funds available for guaranteed loan and grant combination applications are
outlined in paragraphs C(b)(1) and C(2) of this section. (4) Energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance grant funds. The amount of funds
available for energy audits and renewable energy development assistance in
fiscal year 2016 will be 4 percent of fiscal year 2016 mandatory funds.
Obligations of these funds will take place through March 31, 2016. Any
unobligated balances will be moved to the renewable energy subsidy account as of
April 1, 2016. These funds may be utilized in any of the renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvement national competitions. D. Approximate Number
of Awards. The estimated number of awards is 1,000 based on the historical
average grant size and the anticipated mandatory funding of $50 million for
fiscal year 2016, but will depend on the actual amount of funds made available
and on the number of eligible applicants participating in this program. E. Type
of Instrument. Grant, guaranteed loan, and grant/guaranteed loan combinations.
III. Eligibility Information A. Eligible Applicants. To be eligible for the
grant portion of the program, an applicant must meet the requirements specified
in 7 CFR 4280.109, 7 CFR 4280.110, and 7 CFR 4280.112, or 7 CFR 4280.186, as
applicable. B. Eligible Lenders and Borrowers. To be eligible for the guaranteed
portion of the program, lenders and borrowers must meet the eligibility
requirements in 7 CFR 4280.125 and 7 CFR 4280.127, as applicable. C. Eligible
Projects. To be eligible for this program, a project must meet the eligibility
requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.113, 7 CFR 4280.128, and 7 CFR 4280.187, as
applicable. D. Cost Sharing or Matching. The 2014 Farm Bill mandates the maximum
percentages of funding that REAP can provide. (1) Renewable energy system and
energy efficiency improvement funding approved for guaranteed loan-only requests
and for combination guaranteed loan and grant requests will not exceed 75
percent of eligible project costs, with any Federal grant portion not to exceed
25 percent of the total eligible project costs, whether the grant is part of a
combination request or is a grant-only. (2) Under the energy audit and renewable
energy development assistance grants, a grantee that conducts energy audits must
require that, as a condition of providing the energy audit, the agricultural
producer or rural small business pay at least 25 percent of the cost of the
energy audit. E. Other. The definitions applicable to this Notice are published
at 7 CFR 4280.103. Ineligible project costs can be found in 7 CFR 4280.114(d), 7
CFR 4280.129(f), and 7 CFR 4280.188(c), as applicable. IV. Application and
Submission Information A. Address to Request Application. Application materials
may be obtained by contacting one of Rural Development's Energy Coordinators, as
identified via the following link:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. In addition, for
grant applications, applicants may obtain electronic grant applications for REAP
from http://www.Grants.gov. When you enter the Grants.gov site, you will find
information about submitting an application electronically through the site. To
use Grants.gov, all applicants must have a DUNS number, which can be obtained at
no cost via a toll-free request line at (866) 705-5711 or online at
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. USDA Rural Development strongly recommends that
applicants do not wait until the application deadline date to begin the
application process through Grants.gov. B. Application Submittal. (1) Grant
applications. All grant applications may be submitted either as hard copy to the
appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator or electronically using the
Government-wide Grants.gov Web site. When submitting an application as hard
copy, applicants must submit one original. (a) All renewable energy system and
energy efficiency improvement applications are to be submitted to the USDA Rural
Development Energy Coordinator in the State in which the applicant's proposed
project is located. A list of USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinators is
available via the following link:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. (b) All energy
audit and renewable energy development assistance applications are to be
submitted to the USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator in the State in which
the applicant is headquartered. (c) Grant-only applicants submitting their
electronic applications to the Agency via the Grants.gov Web site may download a
copy of the application package to complete it off line and then upload and
submit the application via the Grants.gov site, including all information
typically included in the application, and all necessary assurances and
certifications. After electronically submitting an application through the Web
site, the applicant will receive an automated acknowledgement from Grants.gov
that contains a Grants.gov tracking number. (2) Guaranteed loan applications.
Guaranteed loan-only applications (i.e., those that are not part of a guaranteed
loan/grant combination request) must be submitted as hard copy to the
appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator. (3) Guaranteed loan and grant
combination applications. Applications for guaranteed loans/grants (combination
applications) must be submitted as hard copy to the appropriate Rural
Development Energy Coordinator. C. Content and Form of Application Submission.
Applicants seeking to participate in this program must submit applications in
accordance with this Notice and 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B. Applicants must
submit complete applications containing all parts necessary for the Agency to
determine applicant and project eligibility, to score the application, and to
conduct the technical evaluation, as applicable, in order to be considered.
[[Page 60352]] (1) Competition. The application dates published in Section IV.E.
of this Notice identify the times and dates by which complete applications must
be received in order to compete for the funds available. (2) Grant applications.
Information required for an application to be considered complete is found in 7
CFR part 4280, subpart B. (a) Grant applications for renewable energy systems
and energy efficiency improvement projects with total project costs of $80,000
or less must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.119. (b) Grant
applications for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvement
projects with total project costs of $200,000 or less, but more than $80,000,
must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.118. (c) Grant applications for
renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvement projects with total
project costs of greater than $200,000 must provide information required by 7
CFR 4280.117. (d) Guaranteed loan applications for renewable energy systems and
energy efficiency improvement projects must provide information required by 7
CFR 4280.137. (e) Combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for renewable
energy systems and energy efficiency improvement projects must provide
information required by 7 CFR 4280.165(c). (f) Applications for energy audits or
renewable energy development assistance grants must provide information required
by 7 CFR 4280.190. (3) Race, ethnicity, and gender. The Agency is requesting
that each applicant provide race, ethnicity, and gender information about the
applicant. The information will allow the Agency to evaluate its outreach
efforts to under-served and under-represented populations. Applicants are
encouraged to furnish this information with their applications, but are not
required to do so. An applicant's eligibility or the likelihood of receiving an
award will not be impacted by furnishing or not furnishing this information. (4)
Hybrid projects. If the application is for a hybrid project, as defined in 7 CFR
4280.103, technical reports, as required under 7 CFR 4280.110(h)(3), must be
prepared for each technology that comprises the hybrid project. (5) Multiple
facilities. Applicants may submit a single application that proposes to apply
the same renewable energy system (including the same hybrid project) or energy
efficiency improvement across multiple facilities. For example, a rural small
business owner owns five retail stores and wishes to install solar panels on
each store. The rural small business owner may submit a single application for
installing the solar panels on the five stores. However, if this same owner
wishes to install solar panels on three of the five stores and wind turbines for
the other two stores, the owner can only submit an application for either the
solar panels or for the wind turbines in the same fiscal year. (6) Fiscal Year
2015 Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grant
Applications for $20,000 or less. If an application for a project was submitted
after April 30, 2015, for the first time for fiscal year 2015 funding and that
initial application was determined eligible but was not funded in either the
State or National unrestricted competitions, the Agency will consider that
application for funding in the November 2, 2015, and May 2, 2016, State
competitions for grants of $20,000 or less and the National competition for
grants of $20,000 or less in fiscal year 2016. If an applicant submitted the
initial application on or prior to April 30, 2015, the applicant must submit a
new application, meeting the requirements of this Notice in order to be
considered for fiscal year 2016 funds for that project, and a new submission
date of record will be established. D. System for Award Management (SAM) and Dun
and Bradstreet Universal Number System (DUNS) Number. Unless exempt under 2 CFR
25.110, all applicants must: (1) Be registered in SAM prior to submitting an
application; (2) Maintain an active SAM registration with current information at
all times during which it has an active Federal award or an application under
consideration by the Agency; and (3) Provide its DUNS number in each application
it submits to the Agency. (4) At the time the Agency is ready to make an award,
if the applicant has not complied with paragraphs A(1) through A(3) of this
section, the Agency may determine the applicant is not eligible to receive the
award. E. Submission Dates and Times. Grant applications, guaranteed loan- only
applications, and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial
assistance under this subpart may be submitted at any time on an ongoing basis.
When an application window closes, the next application window opens on the
following day. This Notice establishes the deadline dates for the applications
to be received in order to be considered for funding provided by the 2014 Farm
Bill for fiscal year 2016. An application received after these dates will be
considered with other applications received in the next application window. In
order to be considered for funds under this Notice, complete applications must
be received by the appropriate USDA Rural Development State Office or via
Grants.gov. The deadline for applications to be received to be considered for
funding in fiscal year 2016 are outlined in the following paragraphs and also
summarized in a table at the end of this section: (1) Renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvement grant applications and combination grant and
guaranteed loan applications. Application deadlines for fiscal years 2016 grant
funds are: (a) For applicants requesting $20,000 or less that wish to have their
application compete for the ``Grants of $20,000 or less set aside,'' complete
applications must be received no later than: (i) 4:30 p.m. local time on
November 2, 2015, or (ii) 4:30 p.m. local time on May 2, 2016. (b) For
applicants requesting grant funds of over $20,000 (unrestricted) or funding for
a combination grant and guaranteed loan, complete applications must be received
no later than 4:30 p.m. local time on May 2, 2016. (2) Renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan-only applications.
Applications will be reviewed and processed when received with monthly
competitions on the first business day of each month for those applications
eligible and ready to be funded. (3) Energy audits and renewable energy
development assistance grant applications. Complete applications must be
received no later than 4:30 p.m. local time on February 1, 2016. [[Page 60353]]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------- Application Application window opening dates
Application window closing dates
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------- Renewable Energy Systems and July 1,
2015.......................... November 2, 2015. Energy Efficiency Improvement
Grants ($20,000 or less competing for up to 50 percent of the set aside funds).
Renewable Energy Systems and November 3, 2015...................... May 2,
2016.* Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants ($20,000 or less competing for the
remaining set aside funds). Renewable Energy Systems and July 1,
2015.......................... May 2, 2016.* Energy Efficiency Improvement
Grants (Unrestricted grants, including combination grant and guaranteed loan).
Renewable Energy Systems and Continuous application cycle.......... Continuous
application cycle. Energy Efficiency Improvement Guaranteed Loans. Energy Audit
and Renewable Energy February 13, 2015..................... February 1, 2016.*
Development Assistance Grants.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------- * Applications received after this date will be
considered for the next funding cycle in the subsequent fiscal year. F.
Intergovernmental Review. REAP is not subject to Executive Order 12372,
Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs. G. Funding Limitations. The
following funding limitations apply to applications submitted under this Notice.
(1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement projects. (a)
Applicants may apply for only one renewable energy system project and one energy
efficiency improvement project in fiscal year 2016. (b) For renewable energy
system grants, the minimum grant is $2,500 and the maximum is $500,000. For
energy efficiency improvement grants, the minimum grant is $1,500 and the
maximum grant is $250,000. (c) For renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvement loan guarantees, the minimum REAP guaranteed loan amount is $5,000
and the maximum amount of a guaranteed loan to be provided to a borrower is $25
million. (d) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
guaranteed loan and grant combination applications. Paragraphs (b) and (c) of
this section contain the applicable maximum amounts and minimum amounts for
grants and guaranteed loans. (2) Energy audit and renewable energy development
assistance grants. (a) Applicants may submit only one energy audit grant
application and one renewable energy development assistance grant application
for fiscal year 2016 funds. (b) The maximum aggregate amount of energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance grants awarded to any one recipient
under this Notice cannot exceed $100,000 for fiscal year 2016. (c) The 2014 Farm
Bill mandates that the recipient of a grant that conducts an energy audit for an
agricultural producer or a rural small business must require the agricultural
producer or rural small business to pay at least 25 percent of the cost of the
energy audit, which shall be retained by the eligible entity for the cost of the
audit. (3) Maximum grant assistance to an entity. For the purposes of this
Notice, the maximum amount of grant assistance to an entity will not exceed
$750,000 for fiscal year 2016 based on the total amount of the renewable energy
system, energy efficiency improvement, energy audit, and renewable energy
development assistance grants awarded to an entity under REAP. H. Other
submission requirements and information. (1) Environmental information. For the
Agency to consider an application, the application must include all
environmental review documents with supporting documentation in accordance with
7 CFR part 1940, subpart G. Applications for financial assistance for planning
or management purposes are typically categorically excluded from the
environmental review process by 7 CFR 1940.310(e)(1). Any required environmental
review must be completed prior to obligation of funds or the approval of the
application. Applicants are advised to contact the Agency to determine
environmental requirements as soon as practicable to ensure adequate review
time. (2) Felony conviction and tax delinquent status. Corporate applicants
submitting applications under this Notice must include Form AD 3030,
``Representations Regarding Felony Conviction and Tax Delinquent Status for
Corporate Applicants.'' Corporate applicants who receive an award under this
Notice will be required to sign Form AD 3031, ``Assurance Regarding Felony
Conviction or Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants.'' Both forms can
be found online at http://www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3030; and
http://www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3031. (3) Original signatures. USDA Rural
Development may request that the applicant provide original signatures on forms
submitted through Grants.gov at a later date. (4) Transparency Act Reporting.
All recipients of Federal financial assistance are required to report
information about first-tier sub- awards and executive compensation in
accordance with 2 CFR part 170. So long as an entity applicant does not have an
exception under 2 CFR 170.110(b), the applicant must have the necessary
processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements should
the applicant receive funding. See 2 CFR 170.200(b). V. Application Review
Information A. Evaluation Criteria. All complete applications will be scored in
accordance with 7 CFR 4280.120, 4280.135, and 4280.192 and as supplemented
below. (1) For fiscal year 2016, if the State Director and Administrator
consider awarding priority points under 7 CFR 4280.120(g), the State Director
and the Administrator will take into consideration paragraphs V.A(1)(a) and (b)
below. (a) With regard to 7 CFR 4280.120(g)(3), which addresses applicants who
are members of unserved and under-served populations, a project that is: (i)
Owned by a veteran, including but not limited to individuals as sole
proprietors, members, partners, stockholders, etc., of not less than 20 percent.
In order to receive points, applicants must provide a statement in their
applications to indicate that owners of the project have veteran status; and
(ii) Owned by a member of a socially-disadvantaged group, which are groups whose
members have been subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender prejudice because of
their identity as members of a group without regard to their individual
qualities. In order to receive points, the application must include a statement
to indicate that the owners of [[Page 60354]] the project are members of a
socially-disadvantaged group. (b) With regard to 7 CFR 4280.120(g)(4), which
addresses applications that further a Presidential initiative or a Secretary of
Agriculture priority, projects: (i) Located in rural areas with the lowest
incomes where, according to the most recent 5-year American Community Survey
data by census, tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living
in poverty. This will support Secretary of Agriculture's priority of providing
20 percent of its funding by 2016 to these areas of need and (ii) Located in
designated Strike Force or Promise Zone areas, which is a Secretary of
Agriculture's priority. (2) Combined grant and guaranteed loan applications will
be scored in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.120. (3) For hybrid applications, each
technical report will be evaluated based on its own merit. B. Review and
Selection Process. Grant-only applications, guaranteed loan-only applications,
and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial assistance may
be submitted at any time. In order to be considered for funds, complete
applications must be received by the appropriate USDA Rural Development State
Office or via Grants.gov, as identified in Section IV.E., of this Notice. (1)
Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants. Due to the
competitive nature of this program, applications are competed based on submittal
date. The submittal date is the date the Agency receives a complete application.
The complete application date is the date the Agency receives the last piece of
information that allows the Agency to determine eligibility and to score, rank,
and compete the application for funding. (a) Renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement grants of $20,000 or less State funds. Funds will be
allocated to the States. Applications must be submitted by November 2, 2015, or
May 2, 2016, in order to be considered for these set-aside funds. The State will
award 50 percent of these funds for those complete applications the Agency
receives by November 2, 2015, and 50 percent of the funds for those complete
applications the Agency receives by May 2, 2016. All State allocated unused
funds for grants of $20,000 or less will be pooled to the National Office. (b)
Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants of $20,000 or
less national funds. All unfunded eligible applications for grants of $20,000 or
less received by May 2, 2016, will be competed against other applications for
grants of $20,000 or less from other States at a final national competition.
Obligations of these funds will take place prior to June 30, 2016. (c) Renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvement unrestricted grant State funds.
Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant funds that can
be awarded to any renewable energy system or energy efficiency improvement
application, regardless of the amount of the funding request, will be allocated
to the States. All unused funds for grant funds will be pooled to the National
Office. (d) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement national
grant funds. All unfunded eligible applications for grants, which include grants
of $20,000 or less, that are received by May 2, 2016, and that are not funded by
State allocations can be submitted to the National Office to compete against
grant applications from other States at a final national competition. (2)
Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan funds.
The National Office will maintain a reserve for renewable energy system and
energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan funds. Applications will be
reviewed and processed when received. Those applications that meet the Agency's
underwriting requirements, are credit worthy, and score a minimum of 50 points
will compete in national competitions for guaranteed loan funds on the first
business day of each month. All unfunded eligible guaranteed loan-only
applications received that do not score at least 50 points will be competed
against other guaranteed loan-only applications from other States at a final
national competition, if the guaranteed loan reserves have not been completely
depleted, on September 1, 2016. If funds remain after the final guaranteed loan
-only national competition, the Agency may elect to utilize budget authority to
fund additional grant- only applications. (3) Combined grant and guaranteed loan
applications. Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement combined
grant and guaranteed loan applications will compete with grant-only applications
for grant funds allocated to their State referenced in paragraph B(1)(c) of this
section. If the application is ranked high enough to receive State allocated
grant funds, the State will request funding for the guaranteed loan portion of
any combined grant and guaranteed loan applications from the National Office
guaranteed loan reserve, and no further competition will be required. (4) Energy
audit and renewable energy development assistance grants. Energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance grant funds will be maintained in a
reserve at the National Office. The two highest scoring applications from each
State, based on the scoring criteria established under Sec. 4280.192, will
compete for funding at a national competition. If funds remain after the energy
audit and renewable energy development assistance national competition, the
Agency may elect to transfer budget authority to fund additional renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants from the National Office
reserve after pooling. (5) Insufficient funds. If a State allocation is not
sufficient to fund the total amount of a grant or combination application, the
applicant must be notified that they may accept the remaining funds or submit
the total request for National Office reserve funds available after pooling. If
the applicant agrees to lower its grant request, the applicant must certify that
the purposes of the project will be met and provide the remaining total funds
needed to complete the project. (a) If two or more grant or combination
applications have the same score and remaining funds in the State allocation are
insufficient to fully award them, the remaining funds must be divided
proportionally between the applications. The Agency will notify the applicants
that they may either accept the proportional amount of funds or submit their
total request for National Office reserve. If the applicant agrees to lower its
grant request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the project will
be met and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete the project. (b)
At its discretion, the Agency may instead allow the remaining funds to be
carried over to the next fiscal year rather than selecting a lower scoring
application(s) or distributing funds on a pro-rata basis. C. Award
Considerations. All awards will be on a discretionary basis. In determining the
amount of a renewable energy system or energy efficiency improvement grant or
loan guarantee, the Agency will consider the six criteria specified in 7 CFR
4280.114(e) or 7 CFR 4280.129(g), as applicable. D. Anticipated Announcement and
Federal Award Dates. All awards should be completed by September 30, 2016.
[[Page 60355]] VI. Federal Award Administration Information A. Federal Award
Notices. The Agency will award and administer renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement grants, guaranteed loans in accordance with 7 CFR
4280.122, and 7 CFR 4280.139, as applicable. The Agency will award and
administer the energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants
in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.195. Notification requirements of 7 CFR 4280.111,
apply to this Notice. B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements. (1)
Equal Opportunity and Nondiscrimination. The Agency will ensure that equal
opportunity and nondiscrimination requirements are met in accordance with the
Equal Credit Opportunity Act, 15 U.S.C. 1691 et seq. and 7 CFR part 15d,
Nondiscrimination in Programs and Activities Conducted by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. The Agency will not discriminate against applicants on the basis of
race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, or age (provided
that the applicant has the capacity to contract); because all or part of the
applicant's income derives from any public assistance program; or because the
applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the Consumer Credit
Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. 1601 et seq. (2) Civil Rights Compliance. Recipients
of grants must comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42
U.S.C. 12101 et seq., Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000d
et seq., and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, 29 U.S.C. 794. This
may include collection and maintenance of data on the race, sex, and national
origin of the recipient's membership/ownership and employees. These data must be
available to conduct compliance reviews in accordance with 7 CFR 1901.204. (3)
Environmental Analysis. 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G, or successor regulation
outlines environmental procedures and requirements for this subpart. Prospective
applicants are advised to contact the Agency to determine environmental
requirements as soon as practicable after they decide to pursue any form of
financial assistance directly or indirectly available through the Agency. (4)
Appeals. A person may seek a review of an Agency decision or appeal to the
National Appeals Division in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.105. C. Reporting.
Reporting requirements will be in accordance with the Grant Agreement, 7 CFR
4280.123(j), 7 CFR 4280.143, and 7 CFR 4280.196, as applicable. Any question on
reporting can be directed to the appropriate Rural Development Energy
Coordinator as identified in the ``For Further Information Contact'' section of
this notice. VII. Other Information A. Paperwork Reduction Act In accordance
with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the information collection
requirements associated with renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvement grants and guaranteed loans, as covered in this Notice, have been
approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under OMB Control Number
0570-0050. The information collection requirements associated with energy audit
and renewable energy development assistance grants have also been approved by
OMB under OMB Control Number 0570-0059. B. Nondiscrimination Statement The U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its customers,
employees, and applicants for employment on the basis of race, color, national
origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal and where
applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental status,
religion, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is
derived from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.) If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of
discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF),
found online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or complete
the form at any USDA office, or call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may
also write a letter containing all of the information requested in the form.
Send your completed complaint form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at
program.intake@usda.gov Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech
disabilities and wish to file either an EEO or program complaint, please contact
USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in
Spanish). Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint,
please see information above on how to contact us directly by mail or by email.
If you require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD). Dated: September 29, 2015. Samuel H. Rikkers,
Acting Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service. [FR Doc. 2015-25321
Filed 10-5-15; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             369 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2015 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Solicitation of Applications for the Rural Energy
for America Program for Fiscal Year 2016

LENGTH: 6854 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of
Solicitation of Applications for the Rural Energy for America Program for Fiscal
Year 2016 AGENCY: Rural Business-Cooperative Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (the Agency) announces the acceptance of
applications under the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) which is designed
to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses reduce energy costs
and consumption and help meet the Nation's critical energy needs.

REAP have two types of funding assistance: (1) Renewable Energy Systems and
Energy Efficiency Improvements Assistance, and (2) [[Page 60350]] Energy Audit
and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants. The Renewable Energy Systems
and Energy Efficiency Improvement Assistance provides grants and guaranteed
loans to agricultural producers and rural small businesses to purchase and
install renewable energy systems and make energy efficiency improvements to
their operations. Eligible renewable energy systems for REAP provide energy
from: Wind, solar, renewable biomass (including anaerobic digesters), small
hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen derived from these renewable
resources. The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is
available to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a
State, Tribal, or local government; institution of higher education; rural
electric cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as defined in 16
U.S.C. 3451. The recipient of grant funds, grantee, will establish a program to
assist agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the
energy efficiency and the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies
into their operations. DATES: Grant applications, guaranteed loan-only
applications, and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial
assistance under this subpart may be submitted at any time on an ongoing basis.
Section IV.E. of this Notice establishes the deadline dates for the applications
to be received in order to be considered for funding provided by the
Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L. 113-79), commonly referred to as the 2014 Farm
Bill Act, for fiscal year 2016. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: The applicable
USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator for your respective State, as
identified via the following link:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. For information
about this Notice, please contact Kelley Oehler, Branch Chief, USDA Rural
Development, Energy Division, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop 3225, Room
6870, Washington, DC 20250. Telephone: (202) 720-6819. Email:
kelley.oehler@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Eligible Applicants: This
solicitation is for agricultural producers and rural small businesses, as well
as units of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentalities of a State,
Tribal, or local government; institutions of higher education; rural electric
cooperatives; public power entities; and councils, as defined in 16 U.S.C. 3451,
which serve agricultural producers and rural small businesses. I. Program
Description REAP is designed to help agricultural producers and rural small
businesses reduce energy costs and consumption and help meet the Nation's
critical energy needs. REAP has two types of funding assistance: (1) Renewable
Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvements Assistance and (2) Energy
Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants. A. General.
Applications for REAP can be submitted on an ongoing basis. This Notice
announces the deadline times and dates to submit applications for the REAP funds
provided by the Agricultural Act of 2014, on February 7, 2014 (2014 Farm Bill),
for fiscal year 2016 for grants, guaranteed loans, and combined grants and
guaranteed loans to purchase and install renewable energy systems, and make
energy efficiency improvements; and for grants to conduct energy audits and
renewable energy development assistance. The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy
Efficiency Improvement Assistance provides grants and guaranteed loans to
agricultural producers and rural small businesses to purchase and install
renewable energy systems and make energy efficiency improvements to their
operations. Eligible renewable energy systems for REAP provide energy from wind,
solar, renewable biomass (including anaerobic digesters), small hydro-electric,
ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen derived from these renewable resources. The
Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is available to a
unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a State, Tribal,
or local government; institution of higher education; rural electric
cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as defined in 16 U.S.C. 3451.
The recipient of grant funds, (grantee), will establish a program to assist
agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the energy
efficiency and the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies into
their operations. The administrative requirements applicable to each type of
funding available under REAP are described in 7 CFR, part 4280, subpart B. The
provisions specified in 7 CFR 4280.101 through 4280.111 apply to each funding
type described in this Notice. B. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency
Improvement Project Grants. In addition to the other provisions of this Notice,
the requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.112 through 4280.124 apply to renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvement project grants. C. Renewable
Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement Project Guaranteed Loans. In
addition to the other provisions of this Notice, the requirements specified in 7
CFR 4280.125 through 4280.152 apply to guaranteed loans for renewable energy
system and energy efficiency improvement projects. For fiscal year 2016, the
guarantee fee amount is one percent of the guaranteed portion of the loan, and
the annual renewal fee is one-quarter of 1 percent (0.250 percent) of the
guaranteed portion of the loan. D. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency
Improvement Project Combined Grant and Guaranteed Loan Requests. In addition to
the other provisions of this Notice, the requirements specified in 7 CFR
4280.165 apply to a combined grant and guaranteed loan for renewable energy
system and energy efficiency improvement projects. E. Energy Audit and Renewable
Energy Development Assistance Grants. In addition to the other provisions of
this Notice, the requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.186 through 4280.196 apply
to energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants. II. Federal
Award Information A. Statutory Authority. This program is authorized under 7
U.S.C. 8107. B. Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number. 10.868. C.
Funds Available. This Notice is announcing deadline times and dates for
applications to be submitted for the REAP funds provided by the 2014 Farm Bill
for fiscal year 2016. This Notice is being published prior to the congressional
enactment of a full-year appropriation for fiscal year 2016. The Agency will
continue to process applications received under this announcement and should
REAP receive appropriated funds, these funds will be announced on the following
Web site: www.rd.usda.gov/newsroom/notices-solicitation-applications-nosas and
subject to the same provisions in this Notice. (1) Renewable energy system and
energy efficiency improvement grant-only funds. For renewable energy system and
energy efficiency improvement projects only, there will be an allocation of
grant funds to each Rural Development State Office. The State allocations will
include an allocation for grants of $20,000 or less funds and an allocation of
grant funds that can be used to fund renewable [[Page 60351]] energy system and
energy efficiency improvement grants of either $20,000 or less or grants of more
than $20,000, as well as the grant portion of a combination grant and guaranteed
loan. These funds are commonly referred to as unrestricted grant funds. The
funds for grants of $20,000 or less can only be used to fund grants requesting
$20,000 or less. (a) To ensure that small projects have a fair opportunity to
compete for the funding and are consistent with the priorities set forth in the
statute, the Agency will set-aside 20 percent of the fiscal year 2016 funds
until June 30, 2016, to fund grants of $20,000 or less. (b) Grant funds
available for renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement will
consist of fiscal year 2016 funds and any unused mandatory funding from fiscal
year 2015. (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement loan
guarantee funds. Rural Development's National Office will maintain a reserve of
guaranteed loan funds. The amount of loan guarantee program level available will
consist of fiscal year 2016 funds. (3) Renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement guaranteed loan and grant combination funds. The amount
of funds available for guaranteed loan and grant combination applications are
outlined in paragraphs C(b)(1) and C(2) of this section. (4) Energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance grant funds. The amount of funds
available for energy audits and renewable energy development assistance in
fiscal year 2016 will be 4 percent of fiscal year 2016 mandatory funds.
Obligations of these funds will take place through March 31, 2016. Any
unobligated balances will be moved to the renewable energy subsidy account as of
April 1, 2016. These funds may be utilized in any of the renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvement national competitions. D. Approximate Number
of Awards. The estimated number of awards is 1,000 based on the historical
average grant size and the anticipated mandatory funding of $50 million for
fiscal year 2016, but will depend on the actual amount of funds made available
and on the number of eligible applicants participating in this program. E. Type
of Instrument. Grant, guaranteed loan, and grant/guaranteed loan combinations.
III. Eligibility Information A. Eligible Applicants. To be eligible for the
grant portion of the program, an applicant must meet the requirements specified
in 7 CFR 4280.109, 7 CFR 4280.110, and 7 CFR 4280.112, or 7 CFR 4280.186, as
applicable. B. Eligible Lenders and Borrowers. To be eligible for the guaranteed
portion of the program, lenders and borrowers must meet the eligibility
requirements in 7 CFR 4280.125 and 7 CFR 4280.127, as applicable. C. Eligible
Projects. To be eligible for this program, a project must meet the eligibility
requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.113, 7 CFR 4280.128, and 7 CFR 4280.187, as
applicable. D. Cost Sharing or Matching. The 2014 Farm Bill mandates the maximum
percentages of funding that REAP can provide. (1) Renewable energy system and
energy efficiency improvement funding approved for guaranteed loan-only requests
and for combination guaranteed loan and grant requests will not exceed 75
percent of eligible project costs, with any Federal grant portion not to exceed
25 percent of the total eligible project costs, whether the grant is part of a
combination request or is a grant-only. (2) Under the energy audit and renewable
energy development assistance grants, a grantee that conducts energy audits must
require that, as a condition of providing the energy audit, the agricultural
producer or rural small business pay at least 25 percent of the cost of the
energy audit. E. Other. The definitions applicable to this Notice are published
at 7 CFR 4280.103. Ineligible project costs can be found in 7 CFR 4280.114(d), 7
CFR 4280.129(f), and 7 CFR 4280.188(c), as applicable. IV. Application and
Submission Information A. Address to Request Application. Application materials
may be obtained by contacting one of Rural Development's Energy Coordinators, as
identified via the following link:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. In addition, for
grant applications, applicants may obtain electronic grant applications for REAP
from http://www.Grants.gov. When you enter the Grants.gov site, you will find
information about submitting an application electronically through the site. To
use Grants.gov, all applicants must have a DUNS number, which can be obtained at
no cost via a toll-free request line at (866) 705-5711 or online at
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. USDA Rural Development strongly recommends that
applicants do not wait until the application deadline date to begin the
application process through Grants.gov. B. Application Submittal. (1) Grant
applications. All grant applications may be submitted either as hard copy to the
appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator or electronically using the
Government-wide Grants.gov Web site. When submitting an application as hard
copy, applicants must submit one original. (a) All renewable energy system and
energy efficiency improvement applications are to be submitted to the USDA Rural
Development Energy Coordinator in the State in which the applicant's proposed
project is located. A list of USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinators is
available via the following link:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. (b) All energy
audit and renewable energy development assistance applications are to be
submitted to the USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator in the State in which
the applicant is headquartered. (c) Grant-only applicants submitting their
electronic applications to the Agency via the Grants.gov Web site may download a
copy of the application package to complete it off line and then upload and
submit the application via the Grants.gov site, including all information
typically included in the application, and all necessary assurances and
certifications. After electronically submitting an application through the Web
site, the applicant will receive an automated acknowledgement from Grants.gov
that contains a Grants.gov tracking number. (2) Guaranteed loan applications.
Guaranteed loan-only applications (i.e., those that are not part of a guaranteed
loan/grant combination request) must be submitted as hard copy to the
appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator. (3) Guaranteed loan and grant
combination applications. Applications for guaranteed loans/grants (combination
applications) must be submitted as hard copy to the appropriate Rural
Development Energy Coordinator. C. Content and Form of Application Submission.
Applicants seeking to participate in this program must submit applications in
accordance with this Notice and 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B. Applicants must
submit complete applications containing all parts necessary for the Agency to
determine applicant and project eligibility, to score the application, and to
conduct the technical evaluation, as applicable, in order to be considered.
[[Page 60352]] (1) Competition. The application dates published in Section IV.E.
of this Notice identify the times and dates by which complete applications must
be received in order to compete for the funds available. (2) Grant applications.
Information required for an application to be considered complete is found in 7
CFR part 4280, subpart B. (a) Grant applications for renewable energy systems
and energy efficiency improvement projects with total project costs of $80,000
or less must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.119. (b) Grant
applications for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvement
projects with total project costs of $200,000 or less, but more than $80,000,
must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.118. (c) Grant applications for
renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvement projects with total
project costs of greater than $200,000 must provide information required by 7
CFR 4280.117. (d) Guaranteed loan applications for renewable energy systems and
energy efficiency improvement projects must provide information required by 7
CFR 4280.137. (e) Combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for renewable
energy systems and energy efficiency improvement projects must provide
information required by 7 CFR 4280.165(c). (f) Applications for energy audits or
renewable energy development assistance grants must provide information required
by 7 CFR 4280.190. (3) Race, ethnicity, and gender. The Agency is requesting
that each applicant provide race, ethnicity, and gender information about the
applicant. The information will allow the Agency to evaluate its outreach
efforts to under-served and under-represented populations. Applicants are
encouraged to furnish this information with their applications, but are not
required to do so. An applicant's eligibility or the likelihood of receiving an
award will not be impacted by furnishing or not furnishing this information. (4)
Hybrid projects. If the application is for a hybrid project, as defined in 7 CFR
4280.103, technical reports, as required under 7 CFR 4280.110(h)(3), must be
prepared for each technology that comprises the hybrid project. (5) Multiple
facilities. Applicants may submit a single application that proposes to apply
the same renewable energy system (including the same hybrid project) or energy
efficiency improvement across multiple facilities. For example, a rural small
business owner owns five retail stores and wishes to install solar panels on
each store. The rural small business owner may submit a single application for
installing the solar panels on the five stores. However, if this same owner
wishes to install solar panels on three of the five stores and wind turbines for
the other two stores, the owner can only submit an application for either the
solar panels or for the wind turbines in the same fiscal year. (6) Fiscal Year
2015 Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grant
Applications for $20,000 or less. If an application for a project was submitted
after April 30, 2015, for the first time for fiscal year 2015 funding and that
initial application was determined eligible but was not funded in either the
State or National unrestricted competitions, the Agency will consider that
application for funding in the November 2, 2015, and May 2, 2016, State
competitions for grants of $20,000 or less and the National competition for
grants of $20,000 or less in fiscal year 2016. If an applicant submitted the
initial application on or prior to April 30, 2015, the applicant must submit a
new application, meeting the requirements of this Notice in order to be
considered for fiscal year 2016 funds for that project, and a new submission
date of record will be established. D. System for Award Management (SAM) and Dun
and Bradstreet Universal Number System (DUNS) Number. Unless exempt under 2 CFR
25.110, all applicants must: (1) Be registered in SAM prior to submitting an
application; (2) Maintain an active SAM registration with current information at
all times during which it has an active Federal award or an application under
consideration by the Agency; and (3) Provide its DUNS number in each application
it submits to the Agency. (4) At the time the Agency is ready to make an award,
if the applicant has not complied with paragraphs A(1) through A(3) of this
section, the Agency may determine the applicant is not eligible to receive the
award. E. Submission Dates and Times. Grant applications, guaranteed loan- only
applications, and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial
assistance under this subpart may be submitted at any time on an ongoing basis.
When an application window closes, the next application window opens on the
following day. This Notice establishes the deadline dates for the applications
to be received in order to be considered for funding provided by the 2014 Farm
Bill for fiscal year 2016. An application received after these dates will be
considered with other applications received in the next application window. In
order to be considered for funds under this Notice, complete applications must
be received by the appropriate USDA Rural Development State Office or via
Grants.gov. The deadline for applications to be received to be considered for
funding in fiscal year 2016 are outlined in the following paragraphs and also
summarized in a table at the end of this section: (1) Renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvement grant applications and combination grant and
guaranteed loan applications. Application deadlines for fiscal years 2016 grant
funds are: (a) For applicants requesting $20,000 or less that wish to have their
application compete for the ``Grants of $20,000 or less set aside,'' complete
applications must be received no later than: (i) 4:30 p.m. local time on
November 2, 2015, or (ii) 4:30 p.m. local time on May 2, 2016. (b) For
applicants requesting grant funds of over $20,000 (unrestricted) or funding for
a combination grant and guaranteed loan, complete applications must be received
no later than 4:30 p.m. local time on May 2, 2016. (2) Renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan-only applications.
Applications will be reviewed and processed when received with monthly
competitions on the first business day of each month for those applications
eligible and ready to be funded. (3) Energy audits and renewable energy
development assistance grant applications. Complete applications must be
received no later than 4:30 p.m. local time on February 1, 2016. [[Page 60353]]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------- Application Application window opening dates
Application window closing dates
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------- Renewable Energy Systems and July 1,
2015.......................... November 2, 2015. Energy Efficiency Improvement
Grants ($20,000 or less competing for up to 50 percent of the set aside funds).
Renewable Energy Systems and November 3, 2015...................... May 2,
2016.* Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants ($20,000 or less competing for the
remaining set aside funds). Renewable Energy Systems and July 1,
2015.......................... May 2, 2016.* Energy Efficiency Improvement
Grants (Unrestricted grants, including combination grant and guaranteed loan).
Renewable Energy Systems and Continuous application cycle.......... Continuous
application cycle. Energy Efficiency Improvement Guaranteed Loans. Energy Audit
and Renewable Energy February 13, 2015..................... February 1, 2016.*
Development Assistance Grants.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------- * Applications received after this date will be
considered for the next funding cycle in the subsequent fiscal year. F.
Intergovernmental Review. REAP is not subject to Executive Order 12372,
Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs. G. Funding Limitations. The
following funding limitations apply to applications submitted under this Notice.
(1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement projects. (a)
Applicants may apply for only one renewable energy system project and one energy
efficiency improvement project in fiscal year 2016. (b) For renewable energy
system grants, the minimum grant is $2,500 and the maximum is $500,000. For
energy efficiency improvement grants, the minimum grant is $1,500 and the
maximum grant is $250,000. (c) For renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvement loan guarantees, the minimum REAP guaranteed loan amount is $5,000
and the maximum amount of a guaranteed loan to be provided to a borrower is $25
million. (d) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
guaranteed loan and grant combination applications. Paragraphs (b) and (c) of
this section contain the applicable maximum amounts and minimum amounts for
grants and guaranteed loans. (2) Energy audit and renewable energy development
assistance grants. (a) Applicants may submit only one energy audit grant
application and one renewable energy development assistance grant application
for fiscal year 2016 funds. (b) The maximum aggregate amount of energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance grants awarded to any one recipient
under this Notice cannot exceed $100,000 for fiscal year 2016. (c) The 2014 Farm
Bill mandates that the recipient of a grant that conducts an energy audit for an
agricultural producer or a rural small business must require the agricultural
producer or rural small business to pay at least 25 percent of the cost of the
energy audit, which shall be retained by the eligible entity for the cost of the
audit. (3) Maximum grant assistance to an entity. For the purposes of this
Notice, the maximum amount of grant assistance to an entity will not exceed
$750,000 for fiscal year 2016 based on the total amount of the renewable energy
system, energy efficiency improvement, energy audit, and renewable energy
development assistance grants awarded to an entity under REAP. H. Other
submission requirements and information. (1) Environmental information. For the
Agency to consider an application, the application must include all
environmental review documents with supporting documentation in accordance with
7 CFR part 1940, subpart G. Applications for financial assistance for planning
or management purposes are typically categorically excluded from the
environmental review process by 7 CFR 1940.310(e)(1). Any required environmental
review must be completed prior to obligation of funds or the approval of the
application. Applicants are advised to contact the Agency to determine
environmental requirements as soon as practicable to ensure adequate review
time. (2) Felony conviction and tax delinquent status. Corporate applicants
submitting applications under this Notice must include Form AD 3030,
``Representations Regarding Felony Conviction and Tax Delinquent Status for
Corporate Applicants.'' Corporate applicants who receive an award under this
Notice will be required to sign Form AD 3031, ``Assurance Regarding Felony
Conviction or Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants.'' Both forms can
be found online at http://www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3030; and
http://www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3031. (3) Original signatures. USDA Rural
Development may request that the applicant provide original signatures on forms
submitted through Grants.gov at a later date. (4) Transparency Act Reporting.
All recipients of Federal financial assistance are required to report
information about first-tier sub- awards and executive compensation in
accordance with 2 CFR part 170. So long as an entity applicant does not have an
exception under 2 CFR 170.110(b), the applicant must have the necessary
processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements should
the applicant receive funding. See 2 CFR 170.200(b). V. Application Review
Information A. Evaluation Criteria. All complete applications will be scored in
accordance with 7 CFR 4280.120, 4280.135, and 4280.192 and as supplemented
below. (1) For fiscal year 2016, if the State Director and Administrator
consider awarding priority points under 7 CFR 4280.120(g), the State Director
and the Administrator will take into consideration paragraphs V.A(1)(a) and (b)
below. (a) With regard to 7 CFR 4280.120(g)(3), which addresses applicants who
are members of unserved and under-served populations, a project that is: (i)
Owned by a veteran, including but not limited to individuals as sole
proprietors, members, partners, stockholders, etc., of not less than 20 percent.
In order to receive points, applicants must provide a statement in their
applications to indicate that owners of the project have veteran status; and
(ii) Owned by a member of a socially-disadvantaged group, which are groups whose
members have been subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender prejudice because of
their identity as members of a group without regard to their individual
qualities. In order to receive points, the application must include a statement
to indicate that the owners of [[Page 60354]] the project are members of a
socially-disadvantaged group. (b) With regard to 7 CFR 4280.120(g)(4), which
addresses applications that further a Presidential initiative or a Secretary of
Agriculture priority, projects: (i) Located in rural areas with the lowest
incomes where, according to the most recent 5-year American Community Survey
data by census, tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living
in poverty. This will support Secretary of Agriculture's priority of providing
20 percent of its funding by 2016 to these areas of need and (ii) Located in
designated Strike Force or Promise Zone areas, which is a Secretary of
Agriculture's priority. (2) Combined grant and guaranteed loan applications will
be scored in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.120. (3) For hybrid applications, each
technical report will be evaluated based on its own merit. B. Review and
Selection Process. Grant-only applications, guaranteed loan-only applications,
and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial assistance may
be submitted at any time. In order to be considered for funds, complete
applications must be received by the appropriate USDA Rural Development State
Office or via Grants.gov, as identified in Section IV.E., of this Notice. (1)
Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants. Due to the
competitive nature of this program, applications are competed based on submittal
date. The submittal date is the date the Agency receives a complete application.
The complete application date is the date the Agency receives the last piece of
information that allows the Agency to determine eligibility and to score, rank,
and compete the application for funding. (a) Renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement grants of $20,000 or less State funds. Funds will be
allocated to the States. Applications must be submitted by November 2, 2015, or
May 2, 2016, in order to be considered for these set-aside funds. The State will
award 50 percent of these funds for those complete applications the Agency
receives by November 2, 2015, and 50 percent of the funds for those complete
applications the Agency receives by May 2, 2016. All State allocated unused
funds for grants of $20,000 or less will be pooled to the National Office. (b)
Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants of $20,000 or
less national funds. All unfunded eligible applications for grants of $20,000 or
less received by May 2, 2016, will be competed against other applications for
grants of $20,000 or less from other States at a final national competition.
Obligations of these funds will take place prior to June 30, 2016. (c) Renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvement unrestricted grant State funds.
Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant funds that can
be awarded to any renewable energy system or energy efficiency improvement
application, regardless of the amount of the funding request, will be allocated
to the States. All unused funds for grant funds will be pooled to the National
Office. (d) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement national
grant funds. All unfunded eligible applications for grants, which include grants
of $20,000 or less, that are received by May 2, 2016, and that are not funded by
State allocations can be submitted to the National Office to compete against
grant applications from other States at a final national competition. (2)
Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan funds.
The National Office will maintain a reserve for renewable energy system and
energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan funds. Applications will be
reviewed and processed when received. Those applications that meet the Agency's
underwriting requirements, are credit worthy, and score a minimum of 50 points
will compete in national competitions for guaranteed loan funds on the first
business day of each month. All unfunded eligible guaranteed loan-only
applications received that do not score at least 50 points will be competed
against other guaranteed loan-only applications from other States at a final
national competition, if the guaranteed loan reserves have not been completely
depleted, on September 1, 2016. If funds remain after the final guaranteed loan
-only national competition, the Agency may elect to utilize budget authority to
fund additional grant- only applications. (3) Combined grant and guaranteed loan
applications. Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement combined
grant and guaranteed loan applications will compete with grant-only applications
for grant funds allocated to their State referenced in paragraph B(1)(c) of this
section. If the application is ranked high enough to receive State allocated
grant funds, the State will request funding for the guaranteed loan portion of
any combined grant and guaranteed loan applications from the National Office
guaranteed loan reserve, and no further competition will be required. (4) Energy
audit and renewable energy development assistance grants. Energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance grant funds will be maintained in a
reserve at the National Office. The two highest scoring applications from each
State, based on the scoring criteria established under Sec. 4280.192, will
compete for funding at a national competition. If funds remain after the energy
audit and renewable energy development assistance national competition, the
Agency may elect to transfer budget authority to fund additional renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants from the National Office
reserve after pooling. (5) Insufficient funds. If a State allocation is not
sufficient to fund the total amount of a grant or combination application, the
applicant must be notified that they may accept the remaining funds or submit
the total request for National Office reserve funds available after pooling. If
the applicant agrees to lower its grant request, the applicant must certify that
the purposes of the project will be met and provide the remaining total funds
needed to complete the project. (a) If two or more grant or combination
applications have the same score and remaining funds in the State allocation are
insufficient to fully award them, the remaining funds must be divided
proportionally between the applications. The Agency will notify the applicants
that they may either accept the proportional amount of funds or submit their
total request for National Office reserve. If the applicant agrees to lower its
grant request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the project will
be met and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete the project. (b)
At its discretion, the Agency may instead allow the remaining funds to be
carried over to the next fiscal year rather than selecting a lower scoring
application(s) or distributing funds on a pro-rata basis. C. Award
Considerations. All awards will be on a discretionary basis. In determining the
amount of a renewable energy system or energy efficiency improvement grant or
loan guarantee, the Agency will consider the six criteria specified in 7 CFR
4280.114(e) or 7 CFR 4280.129(g), as applicable. D. Anticipated Announcement and
Federal Award Dates. All awards should be completed by September 30, 2016.
[[Page 60355]] VI. Federal Award Administration Information A. Federal Award
Notices. The Agency will award and administer renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement grants, guaranteed loans in accordance with 7 CFR
4280.122, and 7 CFR 4280.139, as applicable. The Agency will award and
administer the energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants
in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.195. Notification requirements of 7 CFR 4280.111,
apply to this Notice. B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements. (1)
Equal Opportunity and Nondiscrimination. The Agency will ensure that equal
opportunity and nondiscrimination requirements are met in accordance with the
Equal Credit Opportunity Act, 15 U.S.C. 1691 et seq. and 7 CFR part 15d,
Nondiscrimination in Programs and Activities Conducted by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. The Agency will not discriminate against applicants on the basis of
race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, or age (provided
that the applicant has the capacity to contract); because all or part of the
applicant's income derives from any public assistance program; or because the
applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the Consumer Credit
Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. 1601 et seq. (2) Civil Rights Compliance. Recipients
of grants must comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42
U.S.C. 12101 et seq., Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000d
et seq., and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, 29 U.S.C. 794. This
may include collection and maintenance of data on the race, sex, and national
origin of the recipient's membership/ownership and employees. These data must be
available to conduct compliance reviews in accordance with 7 CFR 1901.204. (3)
Environmental Analysis. 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G, or successor regulation
outlines environmental procedures and requirements for this subpart. Prospective
applicants are advised to contact the Agency to determine environmental
requirements as soon as practicable after they decide to pursue any form of
financial assistance directly or indirectly available through the Agency. (4)
Appeals. A person may seek a review of an Agency decision or appeal to the
National Appeals Division in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.105. C. Reporting.
Reporting requirements will be in accordance with the Grant Agreement, 7 CFR
4280.123(j), 7 CFR 4280.143, and 7 CFR 4280.196, as applicable. Any question on
reporting can be directed to the appropriate Rural Development Energy
Coordinator as identified in the ``For Further Information Contact'' section of
this notice. VII. Other Information A. Paperwork Reduction Act In accordance
with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the information collection
requirements associated with renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvement grants and guaranteed loans, as covered in this Notice, have been
approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under OMB Control Number
0570-0050. The information collection requirements associated with energy audit
and renewable energy development assistance grants have also been approved by
OMB under OMB Control Number 0570-0059. B. Nondiscrimination Statement The U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its customers,
employees, and applicants for employment on the basis of race, color, national
origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal and where
applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental status,
religion, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is
derived from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.) If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of
discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF),
found online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or complete
the form at any USDA office, or call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may
also write a letter containing all of the information requested in the form.
Send your completed complaint form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at
program.intake@usda.gov Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech
disabilities and wish to file either an EEO or program complaint, please contact
USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in
Spanish). Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint,
please see information above on how to contact us directly by mail or by email.
If you require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD). Dated: September 29, 2015. Samuel H. Rikkers,
Acting Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service. [FR Doc. 2015-25321
Filed 10-5-15; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             370 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                         GlobalData - Company Overview

                               February 21, 2017

                         1st Farm Credit Services Flca

                              2000 Jacobssen Drive
                                  Normal 61761
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *


   1st Farm Credit Services Flca (1st Farm Credit) is a financial services
company that offers agricultural lending services. The company provides products
and services through the divisions agricultural loans and leases, crop
insurance, home loans, and agribusiness. It offers agriculture loans and leases,
rural home loans and crop insurance. 1st Farm Credit's agriculture loan products
include recreational land loans, farm real estate loans, swine industry loans,
operating loans, building and equipment loans, and on-site equipment financing.
The company also provides home loans including rural home loans, construction
loans, conventional loans, and recreational land loans. It provides loans and
insurance services to farmers and those who invest in rural America. The company
operates through its branches offices located in Aledo, Bourbonnais, Edwards,
Freeport, Geneseo, Macomb, Monmouth, Morton, Naperville, Sycamore, and others.
1st Farm Credit is headquartered in Normal, Illinois, the US.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Financial Ratios
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect .

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2017


                             371 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Clarendon Enterprise (Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 31, 2013

Microloans expand small farm options

BYLINE: The Clarendon Enterprise staff

LENGTH: 371  words


Donley County USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) Farm Loan Officer Debbie Roberts,
announced that beginning farmers and ranchers in Texas now have a new Microloan
credit option to consider.

On January 17, FSA started offering Microloans which are designed to help
farmers and ranchers with credit needs of $35,000 or less. The loan features a
streamlined application process built to fit the needs of beginning and the
smallest of family farmers and ranchers.

"The microloan application process is simpler and requires less paperwork than
traditional operating loans," said Roberts. "This loan program will also be
useful to specialty crop producers and operators of community supported
agriculture," she said.

In 2012, the Farm Service Agency provided $196.4 million in farm loan assistance
to agricultural producers of all sizes in Texas. That year, operating loans
accounted for the majority of the loans extended totaling $129.4 million, while
farm ownership loans totaled more than $61 million. In 2012, $5.7 million in
emergency loans were made to producers in Texas recovering from natural
disasters.

"The current interest rate for Microloans is 1.25 percent and the maximum term
for microloans is seven years," according to Roberts. "Producers can contact
their local FSA farm loan office for details about the Microloan Program."

Microloans can be used to pay for initial start-up expenses such as hoop houses
to extend the growing season, essential tools, irrigation, delivery vehicles and
annual expenses such as seed, fertilizer, utilities, land rents and marketing
and distribution expenses. As financing needs increase, applicants can apply for
an operating loan up to the maximum amount of $300,000 or obtain financing from
a commercial lender under FSA's Guaranteed Loan Program.

In response to tighter financial markets, USDA has expanded the availability of
farm credit, helping farmers obtain loans across the U.S. Since 2009, USDA has
provided more than 128,000 loans to family farmers totaling more than $18
billion. In Texas, more than 70 percent of the loans went to beginning and
socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers.

For information on Microloans, contact The Donley County USDA service center at
806-874-3561.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CLR

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2013 The Clarendon Enterprise


                             372 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Kiowa County Press (Eads, Colorado)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 11, 2014

Increased Opportunity for Producers as Part of New Farm Bill

BYLINE: Kiowa County Press staff

LENGTH: 394  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced increased opportunity for producers
as a result of the 2014 Farm Bill. A fact sheet outlining modifications to the
U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Farm Service Agency (FSA) Farm Loan
Programs is available here http://www.usda.gov/documents/2014-farm
-bill-changes-to-fl p.pdf.

"Our nation's farmers and ranchers are the engine of the rural economy. These
improvements to our Farm Loan Programs will help a new generation begin farming
and grow existing farm operations," said Secretary Vilsack. "Today's
announcement represents just one part of a series of investments the new Farm
Bill makes in the next generation of agriculture, which is critical to economic
growth in communities across the country."

The Farm Bill expands lending opportunities for thousands of farmers and
ranchers to begin and continue operations, including greater flexibility in
determining eligibility, raising loan limits, and emphasizing beginning and
socially disadvantaged producers.

Changes that will take effect immediately include:

Elimination of loan term limits for guaranteed operating loans.

Modification of the definition of beginning farmer, using the average farm size
for the county as a qualifier instead of the median farm size.

Modification of the Joint Financing Direct Farm Ownership Interest Rate to 2
percent less than regular Direct Farm Ownership rate, with a floor of 2.5
percent. Previously, the rate was established at 5 percent.

Increase of the maximum loan amount for Direct Farm Ownership down payments from
$225,000 to $300,000.

Elimination of rural residency requirement for Youth Loans, allowing urban youth
to-benefit.

Debt forgiveness on Youth Loans, which will not prevent "borrowers from
obtaining additional loans from the federal government.

Increase of the guarantee amount on Conservation Loans from 75 to 80 percent and
90 percent for socially disadvantaged borrowers and beginning farmers.

Microloans will not count toward loan term limits for veterans and beginning
farmers.

Additional modifications must be implemented through the rulemaking processes.
Visit the FSA Farm Bill website http://fsa.usda.gov/FSA/fbapp
?area=home&subject=landin g&topic=landing&utmsourc e=spotlight&utmmedium=cl
ick&utmcontent=rotation 1 & u tmcampaign=2014farmbill for detailed information
and updates to farm loan programs.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KWA

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 Kiowa County Press


                             373 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                The Pocahontas Times (Marlinton, West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 12, 2009

USDA provides $16.8 million in loans to state farmers

BYLINE: The Pocahontas Times staff

LENGTH: 302  words


Dale S Dugan Jr, Farm Loan Manager for USDA/Farm Service Agency (FSA) in
Lewisburg recently announced that the Agency provided $16.8 million in direct
and guaranteed loans to 395 family farmers in West Virginia during FY 2009. This
has been a record setting year for number of loans made and dollars loaned. The
Lewisburg office made a total of 57 loans totaling $4.2 million.

This funding included more than $1.18 million in direct loans for 64 Socially
Disadvantaged (SDA) borrowers and $5.7 million in loans for 126 beginning
farmers. For purposes of this program, socially disadvantaged groups include
women, African Americans, American Indians, Alaskan Natives, Hispanics, Asian
Americans and Pacific Islanders. Beginning farmers include those that have
farmed less than 10 years. Remaining $10 million loaned to non-beginning/sda
farmers.

FSA makes loans to purchase and operate family size farms. Loans funds can be
used to finance livestock, farm equipment, annual operating expenses and most
other farm related expense. Interest rates vary from 1.5% to 4.875% depending on
loan type. Applicants must meet eligibility requirements which are outlined on
the Agency website at www.fsa.usda.gov. Anyone having questions may contact the
local FSA office at 304-645-6172 ext 2 to obtain information or to schedule an
appointment with a loan officer or ask your local bank about the guarantee loan
program.

"Applicants may want to make plans for the New Year and make their requests
early as money is available on a first come first served basis," Dugan said.

USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer and lender. To file a complaint
of discrimination, write: USDA, Director, Office of Civil Rights, 1400
Independence Avenue, SW, Washington, DC 20250-9410 or call 800-795-3272(voice),
or (202) 720-6382 (TDD)

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PCH

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2009 The Pocahontas Times


                             374 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 29, 2014 Monday

Washington: Notice of Solicitation of Applications for the Rural Energy for
America Program for Fiscal Year 2015

LENGTH: 6934  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Register has published the following document:

[Federal Register Volume 79, Number 248 (Monday, December 29, 2014)]
[Notices]
[Pages 78029-78034]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2014-30184]


-----------------------------------------------------------------------

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Rural Business-Cooperative Service


Notice of Solicitation of Applications for the Rural Energy for
America Program for Fiscal Year 2015

AGENCY: Rural Business-Cooperative Service, USDA.

ACTION: Notice.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (Agency) announces the
acceptance of applications under the Rural Energy for America Program
(REAP) which is designed to help agricultural producers and rural small
businesses reduce energy costs and consumption and help meet the
Nation's critical energy needs. REAP has two types of funding
assistance: Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvements
Assistance, and Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development
Assistance Grants.
 The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement
Assistance provides grants and guaranteed loans to agricultural
producers and rural small businesses to purchase and install renewable
energy systems and make energy efficiency improvements to their
operations. Eligible renewable energy systems for REAP provide energy
from: Wind, solar, renewable biomass (including anaerobic digesters),
small hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen derived from these
renewable resources.
 The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant
is available to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government;
instrumentality of a State, Tribal, or local government; institution of
higher education; rural electric cooperative; a public power entity; or
a council, as defined in 16 U.S.C. 3451. The recipient of grant funds,
(grantee), will establish a program to assist agricultural producers
and rural small businesses with evaluating the energy efficiency and
the potential to incorporated renewable energy technologies into their
operations.

DATES: Grant applications, guaranteed loan-only applications, and
combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial
assistance under this subpart may be submitted at any time on an
ongoing basis. Section IV. E., of this Notice establishes the deadline
dates for the applications to be received in order to be considered for
funding provided by Public Law 113-79, commonly referred to as the 2014
Farm Bill Act, for fiscal year 2014 and fiscal year 2015. In summary:
 (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant
applications and combination grant and guaranteed loan applications.
There will be two application deadline dates to facilitate the use of
fiscal years 2014 and 2015 grant funds. These dates apply to both
fiscal year 2014 and 2015 grant funds.
 (a) For applicants requesting $20,000 or less that wish to have
their application compete for the ``Grants of $20,000 or less set
aside,'' complete applications must be received no later than 4:30 p.m.
local time on April 30, 2015.
 (b) For applicants requesting grant funds of either $20,000 or
less, or grant funds over $20,000 (unrestricted), complete applications
must be received no later than:
 (i) 4:30 p.m. local time on April 30, 2015, or
 (ii) 4:30 p.m. local time on June 30, 2015.
 (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
guaranteed loan-only applications. Applications will be reviewed and
processed when received with monthly competitions on the first business
day of each month for those applications ready to be funded, however
the first monthly competition will not take place until eight
guaranteed loan only applications are received and ready to be
competed.
 (3) Energy audits and renewable energy development assistance grant
applications. Complete applications must be received no later than 4:30
p.m. local time on February 12, 2015.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Application Application window opening dates Application window closing dates
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy July 8, 2014........................ April
30, 2015.
 Efficiency Improvement Grants (Over
 $20,000 and Combinations).
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy May 1, 2015......................... June
30, 2015.*
 Efficiency Improvement Grants
 ($20,000 or less not competing for
 set aside funds, Over $20,000 and
 Combinations).
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy July 8, 2014........................ April
30, 2015.
 Efficiency Improvement Grants
 ($20,000 or less competing for set
 aside funds).
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy August 1, 2014......................
Continuous application cycle.
 Efficiency Improvement Guaranteed
 Loans.
Energy Audit and Renewable Energy December 29, 2014................... February
12, 2015.*
 Development Assistance Grants.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
* Applications received after this date will be considered for the next cycle.


ADDRESSES: This solicitation is for agricultural producers and rural
small businesses, as well as units of State, Tribal, or local
government; instrumentalities of a State, Tribal, or local government;
institutions of higher education; rural electric cooperatives; a public
power entities; and Councils, as defined in 16 U.S.C. 3451, who serve
agricultural producers and rural small businesses.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: The applicable USDA Rural Development
Energy Coordinator for your respective State, as identified via the
following link: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_Energy_CoordinatorList.html.
 For information about this Notice, please contact Mr. Kelley
Oehler, Branch Chief, USDA Rural Development, Energy Division, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250. Telephone: (202) 720-
6819. Email: kelley.oehler@wdc.usda.gov

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

I. Program Description

The REAP is designed to help agricultural producers and rural small
businesses reduce energy costs and consumption and help meet the
Nation's critical energy needs. REAP has two types of funding
assistance: (1) Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency
Improvements Assistance, and (2) Energy Audit and Renewable Energy
Development Assistance Grants.
 A. General. Applications for REAP can be submitted on an ongoing
basis.

[[Page 78030]]

This Notice announces the deadline dates to submit applications for the
REAP funds provided by the Agricultural Act of 2014, Pub. L. 113-79, on
February 7, 2014, (2014 Farm Bill) for fiscal year 2014, and fiscal
year 2015, for: grants, guaranteed loans, and combined grants and
guaranteed loans to purchase and install renewable energy systems, and
make energy efficiency improvements; and for grants to conduct energy
audits, and renewable energy development assistance.
 The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement
Assistance provides grants and guaranteed loans to agricultural
producers and rural small businesses to purchase and install renewable
energy systems and make energy efficiency improvements to their
operations. Eligible renewable energy systems for REAP provide energy
from: wind, solar, renewable biomass (including anaerobic digesters),
small hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen derived from these
renewable resources.
 The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant
is available to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government;
instrumentality of a State, Tribal, or local government; institution of
higher education; rural electric cooperative; a public power entity; or
a council, as define in 16 U.S.C. 3451. The recipient of grant funds,
(grantee), will establish a program to assist agricultural producers
and rural small businesses with evaluating the energy efficiency and
the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies into their
operations.
 The administrative requirements applicable to each type of funding
available under REAP are described in 7 CFR, part 4280, subpart B. The
provisions specified in 7 CFR 4280.101 through 4280.111 apply to each
funding type described in this Notice.
 B. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement
Project Grants. In addition to the other provisions of this Notice, the
requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.112 through 4280.124 apply to
renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement project
grants.
 C. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement
Project Guaranteed Loans. In addition to the other provisions of this
Notice the requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.125 through 4280.152,
apply to guaranteed loans for renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement projects. For fiscal year 2015, the guarantee
fee amount is 1 percent of the guaranteed portion of the loan and the
annual renewal fee is 0.250 percent (one-quarter of 1 percent) of the
guaranteed portion of the loan.
 D. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement
Project Combined Grant and Guaranteed Loan Requests. In addition to the
other provisions of this Notice, the requirements specified in 7 CFR
4280.165 apply to a combined grant and guaranteed loan for renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvement projects.
 E. Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants.
In addition to the other provisions of this Notice, the requirements
specified in 7 CFR 4280.186 through 4280.196 apply to energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance grants.

II. Federal Award Information

A. Statutory Authority. This program is authorized under 7 U.S.C.
8107.
 B. Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number. 10.868.
 C. Funds Available. This Notice is announcing deadline dates for
applications to be submitted for the REAP funds provided by the 2014
Farm Bill for fiscal year 2014 and fiscal year 2015. This Notice is
being published prior to the Congressional enactment of a full-year
appropriation for fiscal year 2015. The Agency will continue to process
applications received under this announcement and should REAP receive
appropriated funds, these funds will be announced on the following Web
site: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_Reap.html and subject to the same
provisions in this Notice.
 (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
grant-only funds. For renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvement projects only, there will be an allocation of grant funds
to each Rural Development State Office. The state allocations will
include an allocation for grants of $20,000 or less funds and an
allocation of grant funds that can be used to fund renewable energy
system and energy efficiency improvement grants of either $20,000 or
less or grants of more than $20,000, as well as the grant portion of a
combination grant and guaranteed loan. The funds for grants of $20,000
or less can only be used to fund grants requesting $20,000 or less.
 (a) To ensure that small projects have a fair opportunity to
compete for the funding and are consistent with the priorities set
forth in the statute, the Agency will set-aside 20 percent of the
fiscal year 2015 funds until June 30, 2015, to fund grants of $20,000
or less.
 (b) Grant funds available for renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement in fiscal year 2015, regardless of the amount of
funding requested, will consist of both fiscal years 2014 and 2015
funds.
 (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement loan
guarantee funds. Rural Development's National Office will maintain a
reserve of grant and guaranteed loan funds. The amount of loan
guarantee program level available will consist of both fiscal years
2014 and 2015 funds.
 (3) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
guaranteed loan and grant combination funds. The amount of funds
available for guaranteed loan and grant combination applications are
outlined in paragraphs II.C(1)(b) and C(2).
 (4) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grant
funds. The amount of funds available for energy audits and renewable
energy development assistance in fiscal year 2015 will be 4 percent of
fiscal year 2015 mandatory funds. Obligations of these funds will take
place through March 31, 2015. Any unobligated balances will be moved to
the renewable energy subsidy account as of April 1, 2015. These funds
may be utilized in any of the renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement national competitions.
 D. Approximate Number of Awards. The estimated number of awards is
2,000, but will depend on amount of funds made available and on the
number of eligible applicants participating in this program.
 E. Type of Instrument. Grant, guaranteed loan, and grant/guaranteed
loan combinations.

III. Eligibility Information

A. Eligible Applicants. To be eligible for the grant portion of the
program, an applicant must meet the requirements specified in 7 CFR
4280.109, 7 CFR 4280.110, and 7 CFR 4280.112, or 7 CFR 4280.186, as
applicable.
 B. Eligible Lenders and Borrowers. To be eligible for the
guaranteed portion of the program, lenders and borrowers must meet the
eligibility requirements in 7 CFR 4280.125 and 7 CFR 4280.127, as
applicable.
 C. Eligible Projects. To be eligible for this program, a project
must meet the eligibility requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.113, 7
CFR 4280.128, and 7 CFR 4280.187, as applicable.
 D. Cost Sharing or Matching. The 2014 Farm Bill, formally Public
Law 113-79, mandates the maximum percentages of funding that REAP can

[[Page 78031]]

provide. Within the maximum funding amounts specified in this Notice:
 (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
funding approved for guaranteed loan-only requests and for combination
guaranteed loan and grant requests will not exceed 75 percent of
eligible project costs, with any grant portion not to exceed 25 percent
of total eligible project costs, whether the grant is part of a
combination request or is a grant-only.
 (2) Under the energy audit and renewable energy development
assistance grants, a grantee that conducts energy audits must require
that, as a condition of providing the energy audit, the agricultural
producer or rural small business pay at least 25 percent of the cost of
the energy audit.
 E. Other. The definitions applicable to this Notice are published
at 7 CFR 4280.103. Ineligible project costs can be found in 7 CFR
4280.114(d), 7 CFR 4280.129(f), and 7 CFR 4280.188(c), as applicable.

IV. Application and Submission Information

A. Address to Request Application. Application materials may be
obtained by contacting one of Rural Development's Energy Coordinators,
as identified via the following link:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_Energy_CoordinatorList.html.
 In addition, for grant applications, applicants may obtain
electronic grant applications for REAP from http://www.Grants.gov. When
you enter the Grants.gov site, you will find information about
submitting an application electronically through the site. To use
Grants.gov, all applicants must have a DUNS number (unless the
applicant is an individual), which can be obtained at no cost via a
toll-free request line at 1 (866) 705-5711 or online at
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. USDA Rural Development strongly recommends that
applicants do not wait until the application deadline date to begin the
application process through Grants.gov.
 B. Application Submittal.
 (1) Grant applications. All grant applications may be submitted
either as hard copy to the appropriate Rural Development Energy
Coordinator or electronically using the Government-wide Grants.gov Web
site. When submitting an application as hard copy, applicants must
submit one original.
 (a) All renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
applications are to be submitted to the USDA Rural Development Energy
Coordinator in the State in which the applicant's proposed project is
located.
 (b) All energy audit and renewable energy development assistance
applications are to be submitted to the USDA Rural Development Energy
Coordinator in the State in which the applicant is headquartered. A
list of USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinators is available via the
following link: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_Energy_CoordinatorList.html.
 (c) For grant-only applicants submitting their electronic
applications to the Agency via the Grants.gov Web site may download a
copy of the application package to complete it off line and then upload
and submit the application via the Grants.gov site, including all
information typically included in the application, and all necessary
assurances and certifications. After electronically submitting an
application through the Web site, the applicant will receive an
automated acknowledgement from Grants.gov that contains a Grants.gov
tracking number.
 (2) Guaranteed loan applications. Guaranteed loan-only applications
(i.e., those that are not part of a guaranteed loan/grant combination
request) must be submitted as hard copy.
 (3) Guaranteed loan and grant combination applications.
Applications for guaranteed loans/grants (combination applications)
must be submitted as hard copy.
 C. Content and Form of Application Submission. Applicants seeking
to participate in this program must submit applications in accordance
with this Notice and 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B. Applicants must submit
complete applications containing all parts necessary for the Agency to
determine applicant and project eligibility, to score the application,
and to conduct the technical evaluation, as applicable, in order to be
considered.
 (1) Competition. The application dates published in Section IV.E.
of this Notice, establishes the dates by which complete applications
must be received, in order to compete for the funds available.
 (2) Grant applications. Information required for an application to
be considered complete can be found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B.
 (a) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvement projects with total project costs of $80,000 or
less must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.119.
 (b) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvement projects with total projects costs of $200,000
or less, but more than $80,000, must provide information required by 7
CFR 4280.118.
 (c) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvement projects with total projects costs of greater
than $200,000 must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.117.
 (d) Guaranteed loan applications for renewable energy systems and
energy efficiency improvement projects must provide information
required by 7 CFR 4280.137.
 (e) Combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for renewable
energy systems and energy efficiency improvement projects must provide
information required by 7 CFR 4280.165(c).
 (f) Applications for energy audits or renewable energy development
assistance grants must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.190.
 (3) Race, ethnicity, and gender. The Agency is requesting that each
applicant provide race, ethnicity, and gender information about the
applicant. The information will allow the Agency to evaluate its
outreach efforts to under-served and under-represented populations.
Applicants are encouraged to furnish this information with their
application, but are not required to do so. An applicant's eligibility
or the likelihood of receiving an award will not be impacted by
furnishing or not furnishing this information.
 (4) Hybrid projects. If the application is for a hybrid project, as
defined in 7 CFR 4280.103, technical reports, as required under 7 CFR
4280.110(h)(1), must be prepared for each technology that comprises the
hybrid project.
 (5) Multiple facilities. Applicants may submit a single application
that proposes to apply the same renewable energy system (including the
same hybrid project) or energy efficiency improvement across multiple
facilities. For example, a rural small business owner owns five retail
stores and wishes to install solar panels on each store. The rural
small business owner may submit a single application for installing the
solar panels on the five stores. However, if this same owner wishes to
install solar panels on three of the five stores and wind turbines for
the other two stores, the owner can only submit an application for
either the solar panels or for the wind turbines in the same fiscal
year.
 (6) Fiscal year 2014 Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency
Improvement Applications. If an application for a project was submitted
for the first time for fiscal year 2014

[[Page 78032]]

funding and that initial application was determined eligible, but was
not funded, the Agency will consider that initial fiscal year 2014
application for funding in fiscal year 2015. The applicants that
qualify under this paragraph will be allowed to provide additional
information to document the environmental benefits scoring criterion
without creating a new complete application date. If an applicant
submitted the initial application on or prior to June 14, 2013, the
applicant must submit a new application meeting the requirements of
this Notice in order to be considered for fiscal year 2015 funds for
that project and a new submission date of record will be established.
 D. System for Award Management (SAM) and Dun and Bradstreet
Universal Number System (DUNS) Number. Unless exempt under 2 CFR
25.110, all applicants must:
 (1) Be registered in the SAM prior to submitting an application or
plan;
 (2) Maintain an active SAM registration with current information at
all times during which it has an active Federal award or an application
or plan under consideration by the Agency; and
 (3) Provide its DUNS number in each application or plan it submits
to the Agency.
 (4) At the time the Agency is ready to make an award, if the
applicant has not complied with paragraph IV.A(1) through A(3), the
Agency may determine the applicant is not eligible to receive the
award.
 E. Submission Dates and Times. Grant applications, guaranteed loan-
only applications, and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications
for financial assistance under this subpart may be submitted at any
time on an ongoing basis. When an application window closes, the next
application window opens on the following day. This Notice establishes
the deadline dates for the applications to be received in order to be
considered for funding provided by the 2014 Farm Bill for fiscal year
2014 and fiscal year 2015. An application received after these dates
will be considered with other applications received in the next
application window. In order to be considered for funds under this
Notice, complete applications must be received by the appropriate USDA
Rural Development State Office or via grants.gov. The deadline for
applications to be received to be considered for funding in fiscal year
2015 are outlined in the following paragraphs and also summarized in a
table at the end of paragraph IV.E:
 (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant
applications and combination grant and guaranteed loan applications.
The Agency is establishing two application deadline dates to facilitate
the use of fiscal years 2014 and 2015 grant funds. Combination grant
and guaranteed loan applications will compete for grant funds based on
their grant score. The two dates that complete applications must be
received by the Agency in order to compete for available funds are:
 (a) For applicants requesting $20,000 or less that wish to have
their application compete for the ``Grants of $20,000 or less set
aside,'' complete applications must be received no later than 4:30 p.m.
local time on April 30, 2015.
 (b) For applicants requesting grant funds of either $20,000 or
less, or grant funds over $20,000 (unrestricted), complete applications
must be received no later than:
 (i) 4:30 p.m. local time on April 30, 2015, or
 (ii) 4:30 p.m. local time on June 30, 2015.
 (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
guaranteed loan-only applications. Applications will be reviewed and
processed when received with monthly competitions on the first business
day of each month for those applications ready to be funded, however
the first monthly competition will not take place until eight
guaranteed loan only applications are received and ready to be
competed.
 (3) Energy audits and renewable energy development assistance grant
applications. Complete applications must be received no later than 4:30
p.m. local time on February 12, 2015.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Application Application window opening dates Application window closing dates
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy July 8, 2014........................ April
30, 2015.
 Efficiency Improvement Grants
 ($20,000 or less not competing for
 set aside funds, Over $20,000 and
 Combinations).
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy May 1, 2015......................... June
30, 2015.*
 Efficiency Improvement Grants
 ($20,000 or less not competing for
 set aside funds, Over $20,000 and
 Combinations).
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy July 8, 2014........................ April
30, 2015.
 Efficiency Improvement Grants
 ($20,000 or less competing for set
 aside funds).
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy August 1, 2014......................
Continuous application cycle.
 Efficiency Improvement Guaranteed
 Loans.
Energy Audit and Renewable Energy December 29, 2014................... February
12, 2015.*
 Development Assistance Grants.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
* Applications received after this date will be considered for the next cycle.

F. Intergovernmental Review. REAP is not subject to Executive Order
12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs.
 G. Funding Limitations. The following funding limitations apply to
applications submitted under this Notice.
 (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
projects.
 (a) Applicants may apply for only one renewable energy system
project and one energy efficiency improvement project in fiscal year
2015.
 (b) For renewable energy system grants, the minimum grant is $2,500
and the maximum is $500,000. For energy efficiency improvement grants,
the minimum grant is $1,500 and the maximum grant is $250,000.
 (c) For renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
loan guarantees, the minimum guaranteed loan amount is $5,000 and the
maximum amount of a guaranteed loan to be provided to a borrower is $25
million.
 (d) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
guaranteed loan and grant combination applications. Paragraphs
IV.G(1)(b) and (c) contain the applicable maximum amounts and minimum
amounts for grants and guaranteed loans.
 (2) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance
grants.
 (a) Applicants may only submit one energy audit grant application
and one renewable energy development assistance grant application for
fiscal year 2015 funds.
 (b) The maximum aggregate amount of energy audit and renewable
energy development assistance grants awarded to any one recipient under
this Notice cannot exceed $100,000 for fiscal year 2015.

[[Page 78033]]

(c) Public Law 113-79, commonly known as the 2014 Farm Bill,
mandates that the recipient of a grant that conducts an energy audit
for an agricultural producer or a rural small business must require the
agricultural producer or rural small business to pay at least 25
percent of the cost of the energy audit, which shall be retained by the
eligible entity for the cost of the audit.
 (3) Maximum grant assistance to an entity. For the purposes of this
Notice, the maximum amount of grant assistance to an entity will not
exceed $750,000 for fiscal year 2015 based on the total amount of
renewable energy system, energy efficiency improvement, energy audit,
and renewable energy development assistance grants awarded to an entity
under REAP.
 H. Other Submission Requirements and Information.
 (1) Environmental information. For the Agency to consider an
application, the application must include all environmental review
documents with supporting documentation in accordance with 7 CFR part
1940, subpart G. Applications for financial assistance for planning or
management purposes are typically categorically excluded from the
environmental review process by 7 CFR 1940.310(e)(1). Any required
environmental review must be completed prior to obligation of funds or
the approval of the application.
 (2) Original signatures. USDA Rural Development may request that
the applicant provide original signatures on forms submitted through
Grants.gov at a later date.
 (3) Transparency Act Reporting. All recipients of Federal financial
assistance are required to report information about first-tier sub
awards and executive compensation in accordance with 2 CFR part 170. So
long as an entity applicant does not have an exception under 2 CFR
170.110(b), the applicant must have the necessary processes and systems
in place to comply with the reporting requirements should the applicant
receive funding. See 2 CFR 170.200(b).

V. Application Review Information

A. Evaluation Criteria. All complete applications will be scored in
accordance with 7 CFR 4280.120, 4280.135, and 4280.192. Applications
for projects in rural areas with the lowest incomes where, according to
the American Community Survey data by census, tracts show that at least
20 percent of the population is living in poverty will qualify for
administrative points applicable under 7 CFR 4280.120(g). This emphasis
will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20 percent of its
funding by 2016 to these areas of need.
 (1) Combined grant and guaranteed loan applications will be scored
in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.120.
 (2) For hybrid applications, each technical report will be
evaluated based on its own merit.
 B. Review and Selection Process. Grant-only applications,
guaranteed loan-only applications, and combined grant and guaranteed
loan applications for financial assistance may be submitted at any
time. In order to be considered for funds, complete applications must
be received by the appropriate USDA Rural Development State Office or
via grants.gov, as identified in Section IV. E., of this Notice.
 (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
grants. Due to the competitive nature of this program, applications are
competed based on submittal date. The submittal date is the date the
Agency receives a complete application. The complete application date
is the date the Agency receives the last piece of information that
allows the Agency to determine eligibility and to score, rank, and
compete the application for funding.
 (a) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
grants of $20,000 or less State funds. Funds will be allocated to the
States. Applications must be submitted by April 30, 2015 in order to be
considered for these set aside funds. All State allocated unused funds
for grants of $20,000 or less will be pooled to the National Office.
 (b) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
grants of $20,000 or less national funds. All unfunded eligible
applications for grants of $20,000 or less received by April 30, 2015,
will be competed against other applications for grants of $20,000 or
less from other States at a final national competition. Obligations of
these funds will take place prior to June 30, 2015.
 (c) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant
funds that can be awarded to any renewable energy system or energy
efficiency improvement application, regardless of the amount of the
funding request, will be allocated to the States. The State will award
50 percent of these funds for those complete applications the Agency
receives by April 30, 2015, and 50 percent of the funds for those
complete applications the Agency receives by June 30, 2015. All unused
funds for grant funds will be pooled to the National Office.
 (d) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
national grant funds. All unfunded eligible applications for grants,
which include grants of $20,000 or less, received by April 30, 2015,
that are not funded by State allocations can be submitted to the
National Office to compete against grant applications from other States
at a final national competition.
 (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
guaranteed loan funds. The National Office will maintain a reserve for
renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed
loan funds. Applications will be reviewed and processed when received.
Those applications that meet the Agency's underwriting requirements,
are credit worthy, and score a minimum of 50 points, will compete in
national competitions for guaranteed loan funds on the first business
day of each month. All unfunded eligible guaranteed loan-only
applications received, that do not score at least 50 points will be
competed against other guaranteed loan-only applications from other
States at a final national competition, if the guaranteed loan reserves
have not been completely depleted, on September 1, 2015. If funds
remain after the final guaranteed loan-only national competition, the
Agency may elect to utilize budget authority to fund additional grant-
only.
 (3) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
combined grant and guaranteed loan applications will compete with
grant-only applications for grant funds allocated to their State
referenced in paragraph V.B(1)(c). If the application is ranked high
enough to receive State allocated grant funds, the State will request
guaranteed loan portion of any combined grant and guaranteed loan
applications from the National Office guaranteed loan reserve, and no
further competition will be required.
 (4) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grant
funds will be maintained in a reserve at the National Office. The two
highest scoring applications from each State, based on the scoring
criteria established under Sec. 4280.192, will compete for funding at
a national competition. If funds remain after the energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance national competition, the
Agency may elect to transfer budget authority. The budget authority
will be utilized to fund additional renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement grants from the National Office reserve after
pooling.
 (5) If a State allocation is not sufficient to fund the total
amount of a grant or combination application, the applicant must be
notified that they may

[[Page 78034]]

accept the remaining funds or submit the total request for National
Office reserve funds available after pooling. If the applicant agrees
to lower its grant request, the applicant must certify that the
purposes of the project will be met and provide the remaining total
funds needed to complete the project.
 If one or more grant or combination applications have the same
score and remaining funds in the State allocation are insufficient to
fully award all, the remaining funds must be divided proportionally
between the applications. The applicant must be notified they may
accept the proportional amount of funds or submit their total request
for National Office reserve. If the applicant agrees to lower its grant
request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the project
will be met and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete
the project.
 At its discretion, the Agency may also elect to allow the remaining
funds to be carried over to the next fiscal year rather than selecting
a lower scoring application(s) or distributing funds on a pro-rata
basis.
 C. Award Considerations. All awards will be on a discretionary
basis. In determining the amount of a renewable energy system or energy
efficiency improvement grant or loan guarantee, the Agency will
consider the six criteria specified in 7 CFR 4280.114(e) or 7 CFR
4280.129(g), as applicable.
 D. Anticipated Announcement and Federal Award Dates. All awards
should be completed by September 30, 2015.

VI. Federal Award Administration Information

A. Federal Award Notices. The Agency will award and administer
renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants,
guaranteed loans in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.122, and 7 CFR 4280.139,
as applicable. The Agency will award and administer the energy audit
and renewable energy development assistance grants in accordance with 7
CFR 4280.195. Notification requirements of 7 CFR 4280.111, apply to
this Notice.
 B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements.
 (1) Equal Opportunity and Nondiscrimination. The Agency will ensure
that equal opportunity and nondiscrimination requirements are met in
accordance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, 15 U.S.C. 1691 et
seq. and 7 CFR part 15d, Nondiscrimination in Programs and Activities
Conducted by the U.S. Department of Agriculture. The Agency will not
discriminate against applicants on the basis of race, color, religion,
national origin, sex, marital status, or age (provided that the
applicant has the capacity to contract); because all or part of the
applicant's income derives from any public assistance program; or
because the applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the
Consumer Credit Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.
 (2) Civil Rights Compliance. Recipients of grants must comply with
the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.,
Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000d et seq., and
Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, 29 U.S.C. 794. This may
include collection and maintenance of data on the race, sex, and
national origin of the recipient's membership/ownership and employees.
These data must be available to conduct compliance reviews in
accordance with 7 CFR 1901.204.
 (3) Environmental Analysis. 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G or successor
regulation outlines environmental procedures and requirements for this
subpart. Prospective applicants are advised to contact the Agency to
determine environmental requirements as soon as practicable after they
decide to pursue any form of financial assistance directly or
indirectly available through the Agency.
 (4) Appeals. A person may seek a review of an Agency decision or
appeal to the National Appeals Division in accordance with 7 CFR
4280.105.
 C. Reporting. Reporting requirements will be in accordance with the
Grant Agreement, 7 CFR 4280.123(j), 7 CFR 4280.143, 7 CFR 4280.196, as
applicable.

VII. Other Information

A. Paperwork Reduction Act

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the
information collection requirements associated with renewable energy
system and energy efficiency improvement grants and guaranteed loans,
as covered in this Notice, has been approved by the Office of
Management and Budget (OMB) under OMB Control Number 0570-0050. The
information collection requirements associated with energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance grants have also been approved
by OMB under OMB Control Number 0570-0059.

B. Nondiscrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination
in all its programs and activities on the basis of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, and where applicable, sex, marital
status, familial status, parental status, religion, sexual orientation,
genetic information, political beliefs, reprisal, or because of all or
part of an individual's income is derived from any public assistance
program. (Not all prohibited bases apply to all programs.) Persons with
disabilities who require alternative means for communication of program
information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) should contact
USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).
 If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of
discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint
Form, found online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at
any USDA office, or call (866) 632-
9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing all of
the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint
form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at
program.intake@usda.gov Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing, or
have speech disabilities and you wish to file a program complaint
please contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339
or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish). USDA is an equal opportunity provider
and employer.'' The full ``Non-Discrimination Statement'' is found at:
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navtype=FT&navid=Non_Discrimination
.

Dated: December 18, 2014.
Lillian E. Salerno,
Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.
[FR Doc. 2014-30184 Filed 12-24-14; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             375 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 29, 2014 Monday

Notice of Solicitation of Applications for the Rural Energy for America Program
for Fiscal Year 2015

LENGTH: 6749  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register, Government of USA has issued the following news
release:


Action

Notice.
Summary

The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (Agency) announces the acceptance of
applications under the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) which is designed
to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses reduce energy costs
and consumption and help meet the Nation's critical energy needs. REAP has two
types of funding assistance: Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency
Improvements Assistance, and Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development
Assistance Grants.

The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Assistance
provides grants and guaranteed loans to agricultural producers and rural small
businesses to purchase and install renewable energy systems and make energy
efficiency improvements to their operations. Eligible renewable energy systems
for REAP provide energy from: Wind, solar, renewable biomass (including
anaerobic digesters), small hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen
derived from these renewable resources.

The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is available
to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a State,
Tribal, or local government; institution of higher education; rural electric
cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as defined in 16 U.S.C. 3451.
The recipient of grant funds, (grantee), will establish a program to assist
agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the energy
efficiency and the potential to incorporated renewable energy technologies into
their operations.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    I. Program Description
    II. Federal Award Information
    III. Eligibility Information
    IV. Application and Submission Information
    V. Application Review Information
    VI. Federal Award Administration Information
    VII. Other Information
    A. Paperwork Reduction Act
    B. Nondiscrimination Statement

DATES: Back to Top

Grant applications, guaranteed loan-only applications, and combined grant and
guaranteed loan applications for financial assistance under this subpart may be
submitted at any time on an ongoing basis. Section IV. E., of this Notice
establishes the deadline dates for the applications to be received in order to
be considered for funding provided by Public Law 113-79, commonly referred to as
the 2014 Farm Bill Act, for fiscal year 2014 and fiscal year 2015. In summary:

(1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant applications
and combination grant and guaranteed loan applications. There will be two
application deadline dates to facilitate the use of fiscal years 2014 and 2015
grant funds. These dates apply to both fiscal year 2014 and 2015 grant funds.

(a) For applicants requesting $20,000 or less that wish to have their
application compete for the "Grants of $20,000 or less set aside," complete
applications must be received no later than 4:30 p.m. local time on April 30,
2015.

(b) For applicants requesting grant funds of either $20,000 or less, or grant
funds over $20,000 (unrestricted), complete applications must be received no
later than:

(i) 4:30 p.m. local time on April 30, 2015, or

(ii) 4:30 p.m. local time on June 30, 2015.

(2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan
-only applications. Applications will be reviewed and processed when received
with monthly competitions on the first business day of each month for those
applications ready to be funded, however the first monthly competition will not
take place until eight guaranteed loan only applications are received and ready
to be competed.

(3) Energy audits and renewable energy development assistance grant
applications. Complete applications must be received no later than 4:30 p.m.
local time on February 12, 2015.
Application  Application window opening dates  Application window closing dates
* Applications received after this date will be considered for the next cycle.
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants (Over $20,000
and Combinations)  July 8, 2014  April 30, 2015.
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants ($20,000 or
less not competing for set aside funds, Over $20,000 and Combinations)  May 1,
2015  June 30, 2015.*
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants ($20,000 or
less competing for set aside funds)  July 8, 2014  April 30, 2015.
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Guaranteed Loans
August 1, 2014  Continuous application cycle.
Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants  December 29,
2014  February 12, 2015.*
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

This solicitation is for agricultural producers and rural small businesses, as
well as units of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentalities of a
State, Tribal, or local government; institutions of higher education; rural
electric cooperatives; a public power entities; and Councils, as defined in 16
U.S.C. 3451, who serve agricultural producers and rural small businesses.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

The applicable USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator for your respective
State, as identified via the following link:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_Energy_CoordinatorList.html.

For information about this Notice, please contact Mr. Kelley Oehler, Branch
Chief, USDA Rural Development, Energy Division, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250. Telephone: (202) 720-6819. Email:
kelley.oehler@wdc.usda.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

I. Program Description Back to Top

The REAP is designed to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses
reduce energy costs and consumption and help meet the Nation's critical energy
needs. REAP has two types of funding assistance: (1) Renewable Energy Systems
and Energy Efficiency Improvements Assistance, and (2) Energy Audit and
Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants.

A. General. Applications for REAP can be submitted on an ongoing basis. This
Notice announces the deadline dates to submit applications for the REAP funds
provided by the Agricultural Act of 2014, Pub. L. 113-79, on February 7, 2014,
(2014 Farm Bill) for fiscal year 2014, and fiscal year 2015, for: grants,
guaranteed loans, and combined grants and guaranteed loans to purchase and
install renewable energy systems, and make energy efficiency improvements; and
for grants to conduct energy audits, and renewable energy development
assistance.

The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Assistance
provides grants and guaranteed loans to agricultural producers and rural small
businesses to purchase and install renewable energy systems and make energy
efficiency improvements to their operations. Eligible renewable energy systems
for REAP provide energy from: wind, solar, renewable biomass (including
anaerobic digesters), small hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen
derived from these renewable resources.

The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is available
to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a State,
Tribal, or local government; institution of higher education; rural electric
cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as define in 16 U.S.C. 3451.
The recipient of grant funds, (grantee), will establish a program to assist
agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the energy
efficiency and the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies into
their operations.

The administrative requirements applicable to each type of funding available
under REAP are described in 7 CFR, part 4280, subpart B. The provisions
specified in 7 CFR 4280.101 through 4280.111 apply to each funding type
described in this Notice.

B. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement Project Grants. In
addition to the other provisions of this Notice, the requirements specified in 7
CFR 4280.112 through 4280.124 apply to renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement project grants.

C. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement Project Guaranteed
Loans. In addition to the other provisions of this Notice the requirements
specified in 7 CFR 4280.125 through 4280.152, apply to guaranteed loans for
renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement projects. For fiscal
year 2015, the guarantee fee amount is 1 percent of the guaranteed portion of
the loan and the annual renewal fee is 0.250 percent (one-quarter of 1 percent)
of the guaranteed portion of the loan.

D. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement Project Combined
Grant and Guaranteed Loan Requests. In addition to the other provisions of this
Notice, the requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.165 apply to a combined grant
and guaranteed loan for renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvement projects.

E. Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants. In addition
to the other provisions of this Notice, the requirements specified in 7 CFR
4280.186 through 4280.196 apply to energy audit and renewable energy development
assistance grants.
II. Federal Award Information Back to Top

A. Statutory Authority. This program is authorized under 7 U.S.C. 8107.

B. Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number. 10.868.

C. Funds Available. This Notice is announcing deadline dates for applications to
be submitted for the REAP funds provided by the 2014 Farm Bill for fiscal year
2014 and fiscal year 2015. This Notice is being published prior to the
Congressional enactment of a full-year appropriation for fiscal year 2015. The
Agency will continue to process applications received under this announcement
and should REAP receive appropriated funds, these funds will be announced on the
following Web site: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_Reap.html and subject to the
same provisions in this Notice.

(1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant-only funds.
For renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement projects only,
there will be an allocation of grant funds to each Rural Development State
Office. The state allocations will include an allocation for grants of $20,000
or less funds and an allocation of grant funds that can be used to fund
renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants of either
$20,000 or less or grants of more than $20,000, as well as the grant portion of
a combination grant and guaranteed loan. The funds for grants of $20,000 or less
can only be used to fund grants requesting $20,000 or less.

(a) To ensure that small projects have a fair opportunity to compete for the
funding and are consistent with the priorities set forth in the statute, the
Agency will set-aside 20 percent of the fiscal year 2015 funds until June 30,
2015, to fund grants of $20,000 or less.

(b) Grant funds available for renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvement in fiscal year 2015, regardless of the amount of funding requested,
will consist of both fiscal years 2014 and 2015 funds.

(2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement loan guarantee
funds. Rural Development's National Office will maintain a reserve of grant and
guaranteed loan funds. The amount of loan guarantee program level available will
consist of both fiscal years 2014 and 2015 funds.

(3) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan
and grant combination funds. The amount of funds available for guaranteed loan
and grant combination applications are outlined in paragraphs II.C(1)(b) and
C(2).

(4) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grant funds. The
amount of funds available for energy audits and renewable energy development
assistance in fiscal year 2015 will be 4 percent of fiscal year 2015 mandatory
funds. Obligations of these funds will take place through March 31, 2015. Any
unobligated balances will be moved to the renewable energy subsidy account as of
April 1, 2015. These funds may be utilized in any of the renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvement national competitions.

D. Approximate Number of Awards. The estimated number of awards is 2,000, but
will depend on amount of funds made available and on the number of eligible
applicants participating in this program.

E. Type of Instrument. Grant, guaranteed loan, and grant/guaranteed loan
combinations.
III. Eligibility Information Back to Top

A. Eligible Applicants. To be eligible for the grant portion of the program, an
applicant must meet the requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.109, 7 CFR
4280.110, and 7 CFR 4280.112, or 7 CFR 4280.186, as applicable.

B. Eligible Lenders and Borrowers. To be eligible for the guaranteed portion of
the program, lenders and borrowers must meet the eligibility requirements in 7
CFR 4280.125 and 7 CFR 4280.127, as applicable.

C. Eligible Projects. To be eligible for this program, a project must meet the
eligibility requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.113, 7 CFR 4280.128, and 7 CFR
4280.187, as applicable.

D. Cost Sharing or Matching. The 2014 Farm Bill, formally Public Law 113-79,
mandates the maximum percentages of funding that REAP can provide. Within the
maximum funding amounts specified in this Notice:

(1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement funding approved
for guaranteed loan-only requests and for combination guaranteed loan and grant
requests will not exceed 75 percent of eligible project costs, with any grant
portion not to exceed 25 percent of total eligible project costs, whether the
grant is part of a combination request or is a grant-only.

(2) Under the energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants, a
grantee that conducts energy audits must require that, as a condition of
providing the energy audit, the agricultural producer or rural small business
pay at least 25 percent of the cost of the energy audit.

E. Other. The definitions applicable to this Notice are published at 7 CFR
4280.103. Ineligible project costs can be found in 7 CFR 4280.114(d), 7 CFR
4280.129(f), and 7 CFR 4280.188(c), as applicable.
IV. Application and Submission Information Back to Top

A. Address to Request Application. Application materials may be obtained by
contacting one of Rural Development's Energy Coordinators, as identified via the
following link: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_Energy_CoordinatorList.html.

In addition, for grant applications, applicants may obtain electronic grant
applications for REAP from http://www.Grants.gov. When you enter the Grants.gov
site, you will find information about submitting an application electronically
through the site. To use Grants.gov, all applicants must have a DUNS number
(unless the applicant is an individual), which can be obtained at no cost via a
toll-free request line at 1 (866) 705-5711 or online at
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. USDA Rural Development strongly recommends that
applicants do not wait until the application deadline date to begin the
application process through Grants.gov.

B. Application Submittal.

(1) Grant applications. All grant applications may be submitted either as hard
copy to the appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator or electronically
using the Government-wide Grants.gov Web site. When submitting an application as
hard copy, applicants must submit one original.

(a) All renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement applications
are to be submitted to the USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator in the
State in which the applicant's proposed project is located.

(b) All energy audit and renewable energy development assistance applications
are to be submitted to the USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator in the
State in which the applicant is headquartered. A list of USDA Rural Development
Energy Coordinators is available via the following link:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_Energy_CoordinatorList.html.

(c) For grant-only applicants submitting their electronic applications to the
Agency via the Grants.gov Web site may download a copy of the application
package to complete it off line and then upload and submit the application via
the Grants.gov site, including all information typically included in the
application, and all necessary assurances and certifications. After
electronically submitting an application through the Web site, the applicant
will receive an automated acknowledgement from Grants.gov that contains a
Grants.gov tracking number.

(2) Guaranteed loan applications. Guaranteed loan-only applications (i.e., those
that are not part of a guaranteed loan/grant combination request) must be
submitted as hard copy.

(3) Guaranteed loan and grant combination applications. Applications for
guaranteed loans/grants (combination applications) must be submitted as hard
copy.

C. Content and Form of Application Submission. Applicants seeking to participate
in this program must submit applications in accordance with this Notice and 7
CFR part 4280, subpart B. Applicants must submit complete applications
containing all parts necessary for the Agency to determine applicant and project
eligibility, to score the application, and to conduct the technical evaluation,
as applicable, in order to be considered.

(1) Competition. The application dates published in Section IV.E. of this
Notice, establishes the dates by which complete applications must be received,
in order to compete for the funds available.

(2) Grant applications. Information required for an application to be considered
complete can be found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B.

(a) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvement projects with total project costs of $80,000 or less must provide
information required by 7 CFR 4280.119.

(b) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvement projects with total projects costs of $200,000 or less, but more
than $80,000, must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.118.

(c) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvement projects with total projects costs of greater than $200,000 must
provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.117.

(d) Guaranteed loan applications for renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvement projects must provide information required by 7 CFR
4280.137.

(e) Combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for renewable energy systems
and energy efficiency improvement projects must provide information required by
7 CFR 4280.165(c).

(f) Applications for energy audits or renewable energy development assistance
grants must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.190.

(3) Race, ethnicity, and gender. The Agency is requesting that each applicant
provide race, ethnicity, and gender information about the applicant. The
information will allow the Agency to evaluate its outreach efforts to
under-served and under-represented populations. Applicants are encouraged to
furnish this information with their application, but are not required to do so.
An applicant's eligibility or the likelihood of receiving an award will not be
impacted by furnishing or not furnishing this information.

(4) Hybrid projects. If the application is for a hybrid project, as defined in 7
CFR 4280.103, technical reports, as required under 7 CFR 4280.110(h)(1), must be
prepared for each technology that comprises the hybrid project.

(5) Multiple facilities. Applicants may submit a single application that
proposes to apply the same renewable energy system (including the same hybrid
project) or energy efficiency improvement across multiple facilities. For
example, a rural small business owner owns five retail stores and wishes to
install solar panels on each store. The rural small business owner may submit a
single application for installing the solar panels on the five stores. However,
if this same owner wishes to install solar panels on three of the five stores
and wind turbines for the other two stores, the owner can only submit an
application for either the solar panels or for the wind turbines in the same
fiscal year.

(6) Fiscal year 2014 Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement
Applications. If an application for a project was submitted for the first time
for fiscal year 2014 funding and that initial application was determined
eligible, but was not funded, the Agency will consider that initial fiscal year
2014 application for funding in fiscal year 2015. The applicants that qualify
under this paragraph will be allowed to provide additional information to
document the environmental benefits scoring criterion without creating a new
complete application date. If an applicant submitted the initial application on
or prior to June 14, 2013, the applicant must submit a new application meeting
the requirements of this Notice in order to be considered for fiscal year 2015
funds for that project and a new submission date of record will be established.

D. System for Award Management (SAM) and Dun and Bradstreet Universal Number
System (DUNS) Number. Unless exempt under 2 CFR 25.110, all applicants must:

(1) Be registered in the SAM prior to submitting an application or plan;

(2) Maintain an active SAM registration with current information at all times
during which it has an active Federal award or an application or plan under
consideration by the Agency; and

(3) Provide its DUNS number in each application or plan it submits to the
Agency.

(4) At the time the Agency is ready to make an award, if the applicant has not
complied with paragraph IV.A(1) through A(3), the Agency may determine the
applicant is not eligible to receive the award.

E. Submission Dates and Times. Grant applications, guaranteed loan-only
applications, and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial
assistance under this subpart may be submitted at any time on an ongoing basis.
When an application window closes, the next application window opens on the
following day. This Notice establishes the deadline dates for the applications
to be received in order to be considered for funding provided by the 2014 Farm
Bill for fiscal year 2014 and fiscal year 2015. An application received after
these dates will be considered with other applications received in the next
application window. In order to be considered for funds under this Notice,
complete applications must be received by the appropriate USDA Rural Development
State Office or via grants.gov. The deadline for applications to be received to
be considered for funding in fiscal year 2015 are outlined in the following
paragraphs and also summarized in a table at the end of paragraph IV.E:

(1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant applications
and combination grant and guaranteed loan applications. The Agency is
establishing two application deadline dates to facilitate the use of fiscal
years 2014 and 2015 grant funds. Combination grant and guaranteed loan
applications will compete for grant funds based on their grant score. The two
dates that complete applications must be received by the Agency in order to
compete for available funds are:

(a) For applicants requesting $20,000 or less that wish to have their
application compete for the "Grants of $20,000 or less set aside," complete
applications must be received no later than 4:30 p.m. local time on April 30,
2015.

(b) For applicants requesting grant funds of either $20,000 or less, or grant
funds over $20,000 (unrestricted), complete applications must be received no
later than:

(i) 4:30 p.m. local time on April 30, 2015, or

(ii) 4:30 p.m. local time on June 30, 2015.

(2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan
-only applications. Applications will be reviewed and processed when received
with monthly competitions on the first business day of each month for those
applications ready to be funded, however the first monthly competition will not
take place until eight guaranteed loan only applications are received and ready
to be competed.

(3) Energy audits and renewable energy development assistance grant
applications. Complete applications must be received no later than 4:30 p.m.
local time on February 12, 2015.
Application  Application window opening dates  Application window closing dates
* Applications received after this date will be considered for the next cycle.
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants ($20,000 or
less not competing for set aside funds, Over $20,000 and Combinations)  July 8,
2014  April 30, 2015.
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants ($20,000 or
less not competing for set aside funds, Over $20,000 and Combinations)  May 1,
2015  June 30, 2015.*
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Grants ($20,000 or
less competing for set aside funds)  July 8, 2014  April 30, 2015.
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Guaranteed Loans
August 1, 2014  Continuous application cycle.
Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants  December 29,
2014  February 12, 2015.*

F. Intergovernmental Review. REAP is not subject to Executive Order 12372,
Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs.

G. Funding Limitations. The following funding limitations apply to applications
submitted under this Notice.

(1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement projects.

(a) Applicants may apply for only one renewable energy system project and one
energy efficiency improvement project in fiscal year 2015.

(b) For renewable energy system grants, the minimum grant is $2,500 and the
maximum is $500,000. For energy efficiency improvement grants, the minimum grant
is $1,500 and the maximum grant is $250,000.

(c) For renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement loan
guarantees, the minimum guaranteed loan amount is $5,000 and the maximum amount
of a guaranteed loan to be provided to a borrower is $25 million.

(d) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan
and grant combination applications. Paragraphs IV.G(1)(b) and (c) contain the
applicable maximum amounts and minimum amounts for grants and guaranteed loans.

(2) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants.

(a) Applicants may only submit one energy audit grant application and one
renewable energy development assistance grant application for fiscal year 2015
funds.

(b) The maximum aggregate amount of energy audit and renewable energy
development assistance grants awarded to any one recipient under this Notice
cannot exceed $100,000 for fiscal year 2015.

(c) Public Law 113-79, commonly known as the 2014 Farm Bill, mandates that the
recipient of a grant that conducts an energy audit for an agricultural producer
or a rural small business must require the agricultural producer or rural small
business to pay at least 25 percent of the cost of the energy audit, which shall
be retained by the eligible entity for the cost of the audit.

(3) Maximum grant assistance to an entity. For the purposes of this Notice, the
maximum amount of grant assistance to an entity will not exceed $750,000 for
fiscal year 2015 based on the total amount of renewable energy system, energy
efficiency improvement, energy audit, and renewable energy development
assistance grants awarded to an entity under REAP.

H. Other Submission Requirements and Information.

(1) Environmental information. For the Agency to consider an application, the
application must include all environmental review documents with supporting
documentation in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G. Applications for
financial assistance for planning or management purposes are typically
categorically excluded from the environmental review process by 7 CFR
1940.310(e)(1). Any required environmental review must be completed prior to
obligation of funds or the approval of the application.

(2) Original signatures. USDA Rural Development may request that the applicant
provide original signatures on forms submitted through Grants.gov at a later
date.

(3) Transparency Act Reporting. All recipients of Federal financial assistance
are required to report information about first-tier sub awards and executive
compensation in accordance with 2 CFR part 170. So long as an entity applicant
does not have an exception under 2 CFR 170.110(b), the applicant must have the
necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting
requirements should the applicant receive funding. See 2 CFR 170.200(b).
V. Application Review Information Back to Top

A. Evaluation Criteria. All complete applications will be scored in accordance
with 7 CFR 4280.120, 4280.135, and 4280.192. Applications for projects in rural
areas with the lowest incomes where, according to the American Community Survey
data by census, tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living
in poverty will qualify for administrative points applicable under 7 CFR
4280.120(g). This emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20
percent of its funding by 2016 to these areas of need.

(1) Combined grant and guaranteed loan applications will be scored in accordance
with 7 CFR 4280.120.

(2) For hybrid applications, each technical report will be evaluated based on
its own merit.

B. Review and Selection Process. Grant-only applications, guaranteed loan-only
applications, and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial
assistance may be submitted at any time. In order to be considered for funds,
complete applications must be received by the appropriate USDA Rural Development
State Office or via grants.gov, as identified in Section IV. E., of this Notice.

(1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants. Due to the
competitive nature of this program, applications are competed based on submittal
date. The submittal date is the date the Agency receives a complete application.
The complete application date is the date the Agency receives the last piece of
information that allows the Agency to determine eligibility and to score, rank,
and compete the application for funding.

(a) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants of $20,000
or less State funds. Funds will be allocated to the States. Applications must be
submitted by April 30, 2015 in order to be considered for these set aside funds.
All State allocated unused funds for grants of $20,000 or less will be pooled to
the National Office.

(b) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants of $20,000
or less national funds. All unfunded eligible applications for grants of $20,000
or less received by April 30, 2015, will be competed against other applications
for grants of $20,000 or less from other States at a final national competition.
Obligations of these funds will take place prior to June 30, 2015.

(c) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant funds that
can be awarded to any renewable energy system or energy efficiency improvement
application, regardless of the amount of the funding request, will be allocated
to the States. The State will award 50 percent of these funds for those complete
applications the Agency receives by April 30, 2015, and 50 percent of the funds
for those complete applications the Agency receives by June 30, 2015. All unused
funds for grant funds will be pooled to the National Office.

(d) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement national grant
funds. All unfunded eligible applications for grants, which include grants of
$20,000 or less, received by April 30, 2015, that are not funded by State
allocations can be submitted to the National Office to compete against grant
applications from other States at a final national competition.

(2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan
funds. The National Office will maintain a reserve for renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan funds. Applications will be
reviewed and processed when received. Those applications that meet the Agency's
underwriting requirements, are credit worthy, and score a minimum of 50 points,
will compete in national competitions for guaranteed loan funds on the first
business day of each month. All unfunded eligible guaranteed loan-only
applications received, that do not score at least 50 points will be competed
against other guaranteed loan-only applications from other States at a final
national competition, if the guaranteed loan reserves have not been completely
depleted, on September 1, 2015. If funds remain after the final guaranteed loan
-only national competition, the Agency may elect to utilize budget authority to
fund additional grant-only.

(3) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement combined grant and
guaranteed loan applications will compete with grant-only applications for grant
funds allocated to their State referenced in paragraph V.B(1)(c). If the
application is ranked high enough to receive State allocated grant funds, the
State will request guaranteed loan portion of any combined grant and guaranteed
loan applications from the National Office guaranteed loan reserve, and no
further competition will be required.

(4) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grant funds will be
maintained in a reserve at the National Office. The two highest scoring
applications from each State, based on the scoring criteria established under §
4280.192, will compete for funding at a national competition. If funds remain
after the energy audit and renewable energy development assistance national
competition, the Agency may elect to transfer budget authority. The budget
authority will be utilized to fund additional renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement grants from the National Office reserve after pooling.

(5) If a State allocation is not sufficient to fund the total amount of a grant
or combination application, the applicant must be notified that they may accept
the remaining funds or submit the total request for National Office reserve
funds available after pooling. If the applicant agrees to lower its grant
request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the project will be met
and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete the project.

If one or more grant or combination applications have the same score and
remaining funds in the State allocation are insufficient to fully award all, the
remaining funds must be divided proportionally between the applications. The
applicant must be notified they may accept the proportional amount of funds or
submit their total request for National Office reserve. If the applicant agrees
to lower its grant request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the
project will be met and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete the
project.

At its discretion, the Agency may also elect to allow the remaining funds to be
carried over to the next fiscal year rather than selecting a lower scoring
application(s) or distributing funds on a pro-rata basis.

C. Award Considerations. All awards will be on a discretionary basis. In
determining the amount of a renewable energy system or energy efficiency
improvement grant or loan guarantee, the Agency will consider the six criteria
specified in 7 CFR 4280.114(e) or 7 CFR 4280.129(g), as applicable.

D. Anticipated Announcement and Federal Award Dates. All awards should be
completed by September 30, 2015.
VI. Federal Award Administration Information Back to Top

A. Federal Award Notices. The Agency will award and administer renewable energy
system and energy efficiency improvement grants, guaranteed loans in accordance
with 7 CFR 4280.122, and 7 CFR 4280.139, as applicable. The Agency will award
and administer the energy audit and renewable energy development assistance
grants in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.195. Notification requirements of 7 CFR
4280.111, apply to this Notice.

B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements.

(1) Equal Opportunity and Nondiscrimination. The Agency will ensure that equal
opportunity and nondiscrimination requirements are met in accordance with the
Equal Credit Opportunity Act, 15 U.S.C. 1691 et seq. and 7 CFR part 15d,
Nondiscrimination in Programs and Activities Conducted by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. The Agency will not discriminate against applicants on the basis of
race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, or age (provided
that the applicant has the capacity to contract); because all or part of the
applicant's income derives from any public assistance program; or because the
applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the Consumer Credit
Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.

(2) Civil Rights Compliance. Recipients of grants must comply with the Americans
with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq., Title VI of the Civil
Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000d et seq., and Section 504 of the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973, 29 U.S.C. 794. This may include collection and
maintenance of data on the race, sex, and national origin of the recipient's
membership/ownership and employees. These data must be available to conduct
compliance reviews in accordance with 7 CFR 1901.204.

(3) Environmental Analysis. 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G or successor regulation
outlines environmental procedures and requirements for this subpart. Prospective
applicants are advised to contact the Agency to determine environmental
requirements as soon as practicable after they decide to pursue any form of
financial assistance directly or indirectly available through the Agency.

(4) Appeals. A person may seek a review of an Agency decision or appeal to the
National Appeals Division in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.105.

C. Reporting. Reporting requirements will be in accordance with the Grant
Agreement, 7 CFR 4280.123(j), 7 CFR 4280.143, 7 CFR 4280.196, as applicable.
VII. Other Information Back to Top
A. Paperwork Reduction Act

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the information
collection requirements associated with renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement grants and guaranteed loans, as covered in this Notice,
has been approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under OMB Control
Number 0570-0050. The information collection requirements associated with energy
audit and renewable energy development assistance grants have also been approved
by OMB under OMB Control Number 0570-0059.
B. Nondiscrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination in all its
programs and activities on the basis of race, color, national origin, age,
disability, and where applicable, sex, marital status, familial status, parental
status, religion, sexual orientation, genetic information, political beliefs,
reprisal, or because of all or part of an individual's income is derived from
any public assistance program. (Not all prohibited bases apply to all programs.)
Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) should contact
USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov Individuals who are deaf,
hard of hearing, or have speech disabilities and you wish to file a program
complaint please contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800)
877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish). USDA is an equal opportunity provider
and employer." The full "Non-Discrimination Statement" is found at:
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navtype=FT&navid=Non_Discrimination
.

Dated: December 18, 2014.

Lillian E. Salerno,

Administrator,Rural Business-Cooperative Service.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             376 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2014 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                            WMI - Business Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                               February 20, 2014

                               Bank of Stapleton

                                Chicago Division
                            Hanover Park,  IL 60133
                                     Other

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

COMPANY OVERVIEW


   Bank of Stapleton is a banking service provider, based in the US. The bank
operates through the divisions, such as personal banking, business banking and
agriculture loans. Its personal and business banking divisions offer savings,
loans, checking, online banking, mobile banking and telephone banking services.
Bank of Stapleton provides agricultural loans, such as operating loans and lines
of credit, livestock loans, machinery and equipment loans, farm and ranch real
estate loans, farm and ranch capital improvement loans, and farm service agency
guaranteed loans. The bank caters its services to individuals, corporate
clients, various businesses, public and private sectors, government agencies,
residential, agriculture sector, SMEs and others. It operates through its
offices located in Stapleton and North Platte. The bank operates as a subsidiary
of Stapleton Investment Company. Bank of Stapleton is headquartered in
Stapleton, Nebraska, the US.


BUSINESS DESCRIPTION:




* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *






LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014


                             377 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           August 20, 2008, Wednesday

Loans available to struggling farmers

SECTION: METRO NORTH; Pg. P4

LENGTH: 177 words


The United States Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency in West
Virginia is reaching out to women, ethnic and minority farmers in the state in
an effort to get more of them involved in its programs.

FSA defines a socially disadvantaged farmer, rancher or agricultural producer as
one of a group whose members have been subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender
prejudice because of his or her identity as a member of the group without regard
to his or her individual qualities.

SDA groups are women, African Americans, American Indians, Alaskan Natives,
Hispanics, Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders.

FSA also reserves a portion of its direct and guaranteed loan funds each year
for SDA loans for eligible participants. These loan programs are designed to
help farmers purchase and operate family farms.

Provisions of the new farm bill recently signed by President Bush increased loan
limits for all direct loan applicants from $200,000 to $300,000.

Applicants must meet the eligibility requirements for a given program before FSA
can extend program benefits.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Charleston Newspapers


                             378 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Agriculture: House Panel Backs Measure To Ease Farm Loan Guarantees

                            June 25, 1998, Thursday

By LOUIS WHITEMAN

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


A House Agriculture subcommittee approved legislation Wednesday that would let
the Department of Agriculture guarantee loans made to farmers with past credit
troubles.

The voice vote by the forestry, resource conservation, and research subcommittee
moves the bill to the Agriculture Committee. The legislation, which would give
community banks some backing for loans to farmers who otherwise would probably
be denied credit, is expected to reach the House floor late this summer.

Supporters said the legislation corrects an unfair limitation imposed on lending
to farmers in 1996.

The department, through its Farm Service Agency, assists farms both through
direct lending and by guaranteeing up to 90% of loans made by banks and other
lenders. However, under the 1996 Omnibus Farm Law, any farmer who once defaulted
on a loan became ineligible for further government-backed funding.

That squeezed many farmers who had been advised to seek debt relief during the
1980s farm crisis.

During the 1980s, "producers were allowed-and in many cases encouraged- to take
writedowns with the understanding that if they got their financial house in
order, they could be eligible for future loans," said Rep. Larry Combest,
R-Tex., the bill's sponsor.

"In the 1996 farm bill, this policy was changed and farmers were told that ...
regardless of their ability to repay, the USDA cannot provide further loans."

The legislation voted on Wednesday would qualify farmers who got debt relief
before April 4, 1996, for guaranteed bank loans. But it would continue to bar
direct lending from the USDA.

Legislators are counting on banks to determine which farmers are worthy of
government-backed funding. "We sustain more losses in direct lending than in
guaranteeing loans made by private sources," said Rep. Saxby Chambliss, R-Ga.
"Banks do the best job determining creditworthiness. They are the ones in the
money lending business."

Mark K. Scanlan, agriculture lobbyist at the Independent Bankers Association of
America, said that even if the bill becomes law, banks will be cautious when
lending to people with troubled histories.

"The question for the bank remains: 'Are these going to be good credits?'" he
said.

Copyright c 1998 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: COMMUNITY; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 385 words

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 American Banker, Inc.


                             379 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                The Pocahontas Times (Marlinton, West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 9, 2010

USDA provides $18.8 million in loans to state farmers

BYLINE: The Pocahontas Times staff

LENGTH: 268  words


Dale S. Dugan Jr., Farm Loan Manager for USDA/Farm Service Agency (FSA) in
Lewisburg recently announced that the Agency provided $18.8 million in direct
and guaranteed loans to 377 family farmers in West Virginia during fiscal year
2010. This has been a record setting year for the number of loans made and
dollars loaned. The Lewisburg office made a total of 69 loans totaling $2.3
million.

Statewide, this funding included more than $3.34 million in direct loans for 70
socially disadvantaged (SDA) borrowers and $7.69 million in loans for 160
beginning farmers. For purposes of this program, socially disadvantaged groups
include women, African Americans, American Indians, Alaskan Natives, Hispanics,
Asian Americans, and Pacific Islanders. Beginning farmers include those that
have farmed less than 10 years. The remaining $7.8 million was loaned to
non-beginning/SDA farmers.

FSA makes loans to purchase and operate family size farms. Loan funds can be
used to finance livestock, farm equipment, annual operating expenses and most
other farm related expenses. Interest rates vary from 1.5% to 4.75% depending on
loan type. Applicants must meet eligibility requirements which are outlined on
the Agency website at www.fsa.usda.gov. "Anyone having questions may contact the
local FSA office at 304-645-6172 ext. 2 to obtain information or to schedule an
appointment with a loan officer," Dugan said, "You can also ask your local bank
about the guarantee loan program. Applicants may want to make plans for the New
Year and make their requests early as money is available on a first come, first
served basis."

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PCH

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2010 The Pocahontas Times


                             380 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                January 12, 2017

                           Eksport Kredit Fonden A/S

                               Langelinie Alle 17
                                Copenhagen 2100
                                    Denmark

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


ADB to Help Finance Philippines Largest Wind Farm

   Nov 06, 2015

   The Asian Development Bank (ADB) has signed a financing assignment agreement
of up to $20 million with EDC Burgos Wind Power Corporation (EBWPC), Eksport
Kredit Fonden, and a syndicate of international commercial banks to support
development of the largest wind farm in the Philippines.The Philippines is
making a concerted push to build up its renewable energy sector with the goal of
cutting its heavy dependence on fossil fuels for electricity generation. The
country's untapped renewable energy resources are estimated at about 250,000
megawatts (MW) and the Department of Energy is targeting about 2,870 MW of
additional installed capacity from these sources by 2030. The wind farm will
provide a shot in the arm to the government's push to diversify its energy
sources and reduce harmful greenhouse gas emissions."This Burgos wind farm is a
major contributor to the government's drive to scale up renewable energy use and
to reduce its reliance on coal and petroleum for power generation," said
Christopher Thieme, Director of ADB's Private Sector Operations Department. "The
operation of this farm will avoid the production of over 200,000 tons of carbon
dioxide equivalent emissions a year, making it a sustainable energy source for
the country." The 150 MW Burgos wind farm, which is situated in the northern
province of Ilocos Norte on the main island of Luzon, was completed in November
2014 and is owned and operated by the EBWPC. This special purpose company is
controlled by Energy Development Corporation (EDC), a publicly listed firm which
is the largest geothermal energy producer in the Philippines and the largest
integrated steam and geothermal energy producer in the world today. ADB decided
to invest in the project because of EDC's successful track record in financing,
constructing, owning and operating renewable energy projects in the Philippines,
as well as the high potential for energy generation at the target site in Ilocos
Norte, and the contribution the farm will make to the government's drive to
diversify its fuel mix and to meet rising power demand without the use of fossil
fuel generation plants. "The Burgos Wind Project is one of EDC's proudest
achievements as a company. We are happy of our lenders' strong support for the
project. ADB's entry is yet another testament that Burgos is a world class
project, meeting the high standards of multilateral funding organizations," EDC
President and Chief Operating Officer, Richard Tantoco said.


Norton Rose Fulbright advises on financing, construction and operation of
biomass plant in South Wales

   Jan 28, 2015

   Global legal practice, Norton Rose Fulbright has advised Deutsche Bank AG,
London Branch, Deutsche Bank S.A. and Eksport Kredit Fonden (EKF), the Danish
Export Credit Agency, in relation to the financing, construction and operation
of a new 40MW biomass energy facility at Port Talbot, Wales. The capital cost of
The Margam Green Energy Project is £140 million.Babcock & Wilcox VÃ¸lund A/S and
Interserve Construction Limited will construct the facility over a two year
period and thereafter the plant will be operated by Babcock & Wilcox VÃ¸lund
A/S. The power offtaker is Centrica plc.The project will be fuelled by waste
wood supplied by Stobart and unlike a number of other biomass projects, fuel
supply is pre-committed by Stobart for the full 15 year tenor of the debt.
Andrew Hedges, energy partner at global legal practice, Norton Rose Fulbright
comments: "This is one of the last biomass projects that will be supported under
the UK's Renewables Obligation (RO). It is nevertheless significant because, at
40MW, it occupies one tenth of the 400MW cap for the remaining biomass projects
supported by the RO." The team comprised Andrew Hedges, assisted by Tim Baines
on due diligence, regulatory, fuel supply and power offtake mattersSimon Currie,
assisted by Mark Dennison, Dan Newcombe and Katie Whicher in relation to finance
mattersRichard Hill, assisted by Katie Liszka and Tom Lindley on the
construction and operational documents, Wasim Khan, Alex Common and Emily
Colville on real estate mattersMatt Hodkin, Judy Harrison and Andrew James in
relation to tax mattersand Nick Walker in relation to environmental and
planning.


Wind Power Signs ?138m Loan Agreement For Phase II Of Botievo Wind Farm In
Ukraine

   Jun 20, 2013

   Wind Power LLC signed a ?138m loan agreement for the Phase II of the Botievo
wind farm in Ukraine. The construction is expected to be finished in 2014. The
loan was granted by the LandesBank Berlin. The loan has a tenure of 10 years and
will be used for financing the second stage of the Botievo wind farm, which
includes 35 Vestas wind turbines V112-3 MW with total capacity of 105
MW.Vsevolod Starukhin, CFO of DTEK, said, DTEK actively implements new
technologies into production and the best world practices for corporate
management and transparency in business, which increase the confidence of
investors and provides a good basis for raising loans from foreign banks."The
deal was backed from Eksport Kredit Fonden (EKF). EKF will obtain reinsurance
from other ECAs for the non-Danish content. This is the second cooperation for
Wind Power and LandesBank Berlin within the construction of the Botievo wind
farm. In 2012 Wind Power raised ?107m for the Phase I of the Botievo wind farm.
Guerman Ainbinder, director of Wind Power, said, The project portfolio of Wind
Power LLC has a total nominal capacity of about 1,200MW. It is an ambitious plan
and it requires large-scale investment. We are pleased to see that foreign
financial institutions are broadening cooperation with our company. We are
planning to implement the project financing soon. That will allow us to raise
the long-term investments in our wind energy projects without the guarantees of
DTEK as the parent company." Wind Power is a subsidiary of DTEK in charge of
wind power generation. The current portfolio of wind power projects in
Zaporizhzhia and Donetsk regions includes two wind parks with the total nominal
capacity of about 1,200 MW. DTEK Pryazovskyi, a wind park in Zaporizhzhia
region, comprises Berdiansk wind farm (150 MW), Primorsk wind (200 MW), where
energy accumulation facilities are being constructed, and Botievo wind farm
(designed capacity of 200 MW). The full commissioning of three wind farms of the
above wind park in Zaporizhzhia region is expected by the end of 2016.


BWSCâ[#x20ac]"MAN Diesel & Turbo Consortium Wins Contract To Construct Two New
Power Plants In Lebanon

   Feb 27, 2013

   A consortium of Burmeister & Wain Scandinavian Contractor A/S (BWSC) and MAN
Diesel & Turbo SE won a contract from the Lebanon government for the
construction of new power plants in Jiyyeh and Zouk, The Daily Star reported.
The contract is valued at $348m. The two new power plants, with a maximum
capacity of 272 MW, would generate electricity using oil and natural gas as
fuel. Construction of the project would begin between 15 months and 18
months.HSBC Holdings plc and Eksport Kredit Fonden made an offer to provide
funding for the project. Initially, there was a plan to construct the project
with the financial support from the Lebanese Treasury.


EIB Lends ?450m For Butendiek Offshore Wind Farm In Germany

   Feb 08, 2013

   The European Investment Bank (EIB) is lending ?450m for the Butendiek
offshore wind farm in the German part of the North Sea.. With 80 turbines, it
will have a total generating capacity of 288 MW. This project will cost a total
of ?1.4 billion. Butendiek will be built 53km off the coast of
Schleswig-Holstein and 32km to the west of the island of Sylt. Construction work
is due to commence in the first half of 2014 and will last until the middle of
2015. The operator is WPD Group.Apart from the EIB, the Danish government export
credit agency Eksport Kredit Fonden, KfW and nine commercial banks will also be
involved in financing the wind farm. As the lead manager, KfW IPEX Bank is
arranging the finance in conjunction with Bremer Landesbank and Unicredit. The
loans will total around ?940m. The remaining funds will come from a consortium
of investors consisting of Industriens Pension, Marguerite, PKA, Siemens Project
Ventures and WPD.Wilhelm Molterer, EIB vice-president with responsibility for
lending operations in Germany, said, It is due to the strong commitment shown by
the various groups of investors that Butendiek is now able to get off the
ground. And the EIB loan will make an important contribution to this. The
financing of renewable energy, particularly offshore wind energy projects, is
and will continue to be a key part of the EIB's work, as it is all about meeting
Europe's ambitious environmental targets. Here, Butendiek will have a crucial
part to play.


Enel Green Power Secures ?110m Loan From EKF For Talinay Wind Farm In Chile

   Nov 20, 2012

   Enel Green Power S.p.A., acting through its subsidiary Enel Green Power
International BV (EGPI), agreed a 12-year loan of ?110m with the Danish
government's Export Credit Agency (EKF) and Citigroup, the latter as agent and
arranger. The loan is guaranteed by Enel Green Power. The loan will be used to
cover part of the investment in Enel Green Power's Talinay wind farm in Chile.
The plant has an installed capacity of around 90 MW.The overall investment for
the completion of the plant totals, approximately, $165m.EKF's institutional
role involves supporting Danish component manufacturers, to which Enel Green
Power turned for the construction and development of the plant.The loan
â[#x20ac]" the third granted to Enel Green Power by EKF since October 2011, for
a total exposure of approximately ?400m â[#x20ac]" bears an interest rate in
line with the market benchmark. Enel Green Power's development strategy relies
on funding projects through cash flow generation, in combination with external
funding only when the latter is long-term and competitively-priced as well as
coming from reliable partners.


Enel Green Power Completes Connection Of Moldova Noua Wind Farm To Grid In Banat
Region, Romania

   Aug 30, 2012

   Enel Green Power SpA has completely connected the new Moldova Noua wind farm
in the Banat region of Romania to the grid. The fully operational plant,
comprised of 21x2.3 MW SWT wind turbines with a total installed capacity of 48
MW, 25 MW of which have been online since December, 2011 will be capable of
generating some 130 million kW hours, thus avoiding the emission of over 70
thousand tonnes of CO2 into the atmosphere.For Moldova Noua and the Corugea wind
farm, which is also in Romania, Enel Green Power obtained ?12m in funding last
year from the Export Credit Agency Of Danish Government (EKF) to cover part of
the investments necessary for the building of the two plants. EKF carries out
activities at the institutional level to support components manufacturers in
Denmark, which Enel Green Power has utilized during the construction of the two
plants.Francesco Starace, CEO of Enel Green Power, said, We are moving forward
with our strategy of strengthening our renewable energy output in Romania. The
commencement of operations at Moldova Noua, entirely within the timeframe we had
set, is an important step in this direction. Currently, Enel Green Power has
wind farms totalling 292 MW operating in Romania including the new Moldova Noua
plant, and it has others under construction totalling 206 MW.


Enel Green Power Signs Financing Agreement With EKF For Three Wind Farms In
Romania, US And Brazil

   May 02, 2012

   Enel Green Power, through its subsidiary Enel Green Power International BV,
signed with the Eksport Kredit Fonden (EKF) and Citigroup, the latter as agent
and arranger, a 12-year financing agreement for ?180m, guaranteed by Enel Green
Power. This financing will be used to cover part of the investments for the Enel
Green Power wind farms Zephyr I in Romania, with an installed capacity of 120
MW, Caney River in the US, 200 MW, and Cristal in Brazil, 90 MW.Among these, the
Caney River wind farm in Kansas, together with the Rocky Ridge wind farm in
Oklahoma, is also part of a tax equity partnership worth around $340m signed in
December 2011 by the US subsidiary Enel Green Power North America.The full
amount of the investments for the construction of the three plants is equal to
about ?670m.The EKF financing is characterized by an interest rate that is in
line with the market benchmark. EKF acts institutionally to support Danish
companies for components used by Enel Green Power in the construction of the
three wind farms.


MMIF Completes Financing For 396 MW Wind Energy Project In Oaxaca, Mexico

   Feb 24, 2012

   Macquarie Mexican Infrastructure Fund (MMIF) announced the completion of a
project financing for Marena Renovables, a 396 MW wind energy project in Oaxaca,
Mexico. The project is located in the Isthmus of Tehuantepec in the
south-eastern region of the state of Oaxaca, where the average regional wind
speed exceeds 8.5m per second.The financing, totaling MXN8,885.6m, is being
provided by a syndicate of commercial banks, including Banorte, BBVA Bancomer,
Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, HSBC and Santander, and
development banks, including the Inter-American Development Bank, Banco Nacional
de Obras y Servicios Publicos (Banobras), and Nacional Financiera (Nafinsa).
Additionally, Eksport Kredit Fonden (EKF), will guarantee a portion of the
construction term loan.The project expects to begin construction in March 2012.
The project has contracted Vestas WTG Mexico, S.A. de C.V., a subsidiary of
Vestas Wind Systems A/S, to complete the engineering, procurement, construction
and commissioning of the project, including the supply of 132 units of the
Vestas V90-3.0 MW turbines and a 10-year service and maintenance agreement.
Concurrent with the closing of the financing, Fomento Economico Mexicano, S.A.B.
de C.V. (FEMSA) and Macquarie Capital, the corporate advisory arm of Macquarie
Group, have sold their interests in the project (comprising 67.5% in total) to
Mitsubishi Corporation and PGGM. As a long-term investor, MMIF has maintained
its 32.5% interest in the project and has committed to contribute additional
capital to the Project in proportion to its equity participation. Subsidiaries
of FEMSA and Cuauhtemoc Moctezuma, an operating company of Heineken N.V., will
purchase the generation of the Project under 20-year power purchase agreements.


C-Power Signs $1.16 Billion Loan Agreement For Thornton Bank Wind Power Project

   Nov 25, 2010

   C-Power N.V. (C-Power) has signed a $1.16 billion loan agreement for its
295MW second and third phases of Thornton Bank wind power project off the coast
of Belgium, bloomberg.com reported. About seven commercial banks together with
the Danish export credit agency, Eksport Kredit Fonden (EKF), its German
counterpart Euler Hermes Kreditversicherungs AG and the European Investment Bank
will provide financing for the project.Filip Martens, CEO of C- Power, said that
the project has brought together 23 contractual parties, 10 financing
institutions. The project has involved more than 20,500 pages of agreements and
closed in a five months.The company has signed the agreements for the second and
third phases of Thornton Bank wind farm, which will cost about EUR1.29 billion.
The cost includes the refinancing of the first 30MW phase of the plant which has
been operating since 2009, located 30km into the Belgian North Sea. Pierre
Lestienne, chief financial officer of C-Power, said that the Societe Generale
SA, Rabobank Group, Commerzbank AG, Dexia SA, KfW Ipex-Bank GmbH, KBC Bank NV
and ASN Bank are providing EUR400 million for 48 turbines. Euler Hermes is
guaranteeing EUR380 million, or 95% of this tranche, and the commercial banks
are taking EUR20 million in risk. The loan has an 18-year term, 15 years from
when power generation begins including the three-year building period. The
European Investment Bank is providing EUR450 million in funding. Of this, it is
also taking EUR150 million in risk. The EKF is guaranteeing EUR45 million and
the commercial banks are covering EUR255 million. The overall debt sum includes
a EUR19 million commercial term tranche also provided by the commercial banks.
In case of cost overruns or delays at the proposed project, the banks are
providing a further EUR44 million in contingency financing. Further facilities
including EUR36 million in 'stand-by letters of credit' and EUR58 million in
equity bridge were also provided for the project, bringing the total amount
provided to more than EUR1 billion. REpower Systems AG will manufacture the
turbines with a capacity to generate about 6MW and will deliver 24 of the
machines in 2012 and the remaining half in 2013. The commissioning of the
turbines is expected in summer 2013. The turbine contract was signed in Antwerp
on November 25, 2010. But, the terms were not disclosed.


DONG Energy Signs GBP250 Million Loan Facility With EIB For London Array
Offshore Wind Farm

   Jun 08, 2010

   DONG Energy A/S (DONG Energy) has signed a GBP250 million loan facility with
the European Investment Bank (EIB), guaranteed by the Danish Export Credit
Agency (Eksport Kredit Fonden) on the basis of deliveries from Siemens Wind
Power and Per Aarsleff. The loan is part of the financing for the construction
of the London Array offshore wind farm. The first phase of the London Array wind
farm has a capacity of 630MW and is expected to begin operation in 2012.The
financing is in line with DONG Energy's strategy to diversify its funding on
various loan types and to fund projects out of the parent company. DONG Energy
owns 50% of the farm with E.ON (30%) and Masdar (20%) holding the remaining
shares.Carsten Krogsgaard Thomsen, CFO of DONG Energy, said: "DONG Energy's goal
is to reach at least 3,000MW of wind turbine capacity by 2020, and London Array
is a cornerstone in this transition towards a greener future. The EKF guaranteed
EIB funding of the project supports our robustly financed investment programme."
Simon Brooks, vice president of EIB, responsible for the United Kingdom, said:
"The EIB is pleased to be able to support DONG Energy's contribution to London
Array, expected to be the world's largest offshore wind farm. This project will
make a significant contribution to meeting both Europe's and the United
Kingdom's renewable energy targets."
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2017


                             381 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             March 1, 1991, Friday

US PAYS FOR MULTIMILLION-DOLLAR IRAQI AGRICULTURAL LOAN DEFAULTS

BYLINE: From Wire Reports

SECTION: COMMODITIES, Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 260 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


A default by Iraq on agriculture loans guaranteed by the Agriculture Department
has forced the federal government to pay out millions of dollars to banks that
lent the money, an official said Wednesday.

Ten U.S. banks recently lodged claims totaling $ 599 million with the
department's Commodity Credit Corp., which guaranteed the loans to Iraq, said
ames Little, CCC treasurer.

A total of $ 148 million had already been paid to claimants as of Feb. 22, he
said.

Topping the list of claimants was the Atlanta branch of the Italian bank, Banco
Nazionale del Lavoro, the subject of a House Banking Committee hearing on
banking irregularities.

Most other claimants were New York-based banks.

In fiscal 1991, which ends Sept. 30, Iraq could default on about $ 930 million
in loan repayments, Mr. Little said.

The CCC has in recent years guaranteed a total of about $ 2 billion in loans to
Iraq to help it buy large quantities of U.S. grains, meat, tobacco and other
farm products.

''As guarantor we are required to pay them by law. We have enough money to pay
but it's a drain on our resources. We may have to borrow from the Treasury to
pay," he said.

The defaults on the loans were made by Iraq's Rafidain Bank, which stopped
making repayments to U.S. creditors soon after Baghdad's seizure of Kuwait last
August, he added.

Iraqi repayments for the total amount guaranteed by the CCC are to run until
1997.

''The CCC will review and pay claims if they are appropriate and if they are
filed in accordance with regulations," he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1991 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             382 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Credit Union Journal

                               February 10, 2014

BYLINE: Editorial Staff

SECTION: MISCELLANEOUS; Pg. 8 Vol. 18 No. 6

LENGTH: 918  words


SENATE HEARING ON DATA BREACHES: KEY TAKEAWAYS

WASHINGTON-Lawmakers launched investigations into recent data breaches last
week, grilling bankers, retailers, government officials and consumer advocates
about why the breaches occurred and what can be done to prevent future
incidents.

Reports that hackers had stolen credit and debit card numbers and other personal
information, for as many as 110 million Target customers over the holidays has
renewed the cybersecurity debate in Washington, with other merchants, including
Neiman Marcus and Michael's, now reporting recent breaches as well.

Here are three important takeaways:

EMV Tech important-But No Panacea

Concerns about data breaches aren't new to the retail and banking industries or
to Congress, but the challenges still facing various stakeholders were on ready
display. Lawmakers pressed executives from Target and Neiman Marcus about how
and when they came to know about cyber attacks against their networks, which
initially went undetected for weeks or even months.

John Mulligan, EVP and chief financial officer at Target, acknowledged that the
retailer was not aware of a possible breach until it was notified by the
Department of Justice in mid-December. John Kingston, senior vice president and
chief information officer at Neiman Marcus, said the store learned about
problems when MasterCard reported that more than 100 credit cards that had been
used there were reported to have fraudulent activity.

Added Debit Protections May Be Needed

Lawmakers also asked witnesses about whether additional security standards are
needed for debit cards, as well as credit cards.

"And, you know, I think again about the fact that where the growth in debit
cards is coming is younger folks and the under banked community, who potentially
are the most vulnerable if they don't have these protections," said Sen. John
Warner (D-Va.). "It would seem to me that equalizing cards on the same standard
makes common sense too."

But consumer advocates shot back, arguing that more could be done to protect
consumers in the case of debit card fraud.

"The issue here is that zero liability may not occur in all circumstances. It
may only apply to signature transactions, not to PIN-based transactions," said
Edmund Mierwinski, consumer program director at PIRG. "And also I would look at
the zero liability contract and say, what if I had two violations in a year, do
they honor the second one? Because some banks don't."

Delara Derakhshani, policy counsel for the Consumers Union, added that
fraudulent charges can also trigger additional fees.

Consumer Notification A Problem

Some Lawmakers raised concerns about the need for federal consumer notification
standards in the wake of data breaches.

Sen. Diane Feinstein (D-Calif.), who said she shops at Neiman Marcus, pressed
the retail executives about their processes for telling customers about a
breach.

Kingston said Neiman Marcus notified both in-store and online consumers in
mid-January, expanding the scope beyond the estimated 1.1 million affected
customers. But Mulligan, Target's CFO, said that given the scope of the breach,
the retailer opted for a public disclosure campaign for customers without an
e-mail address on file-with the news appearing on the front page of major
newspapers.

FARM BILL COULD MAKE AG LOANS RISKIER BET FOR CUS

WASHINGTON-The mammoth agricultural bill which passed the U.S. Senate last week
could make agricultural lending a riskier business for credit unions.

It has Loren Hansen, agricultural loan officer at Co-op Credit Union in
Montevideo, Minn., worried. Hansen said he is concerned because the legislation
replaces the farm income certainty of direct payments with the uncertainly of
insurance.

Under the bill, farmers would have to choose between program price loss coverage
or agricultural risk coverage.

With price-loss coverage, national crop price benchmarks are established. If
what the farmer actually receives for the harvest per bushel or other unit is
lower, there could be compensation.

Agricultural risk coverage payments kick in when crop revenue guaranteed by the
government falls below 86% of a county's benchmark average.

Hansen said part of his worry about the farm bill is because a farmer in one
part of a county could earn less and receive less compensation from hail damage
while local farmers who weren't hit by hail earn more and bring up the county
average. "This is riskier for our credit union because we can't plan as well,"
Hansen noted.

NAFCU and CUNA said they are pleased the bill eliminates the potential for
thousands of farmers and ranchers to be kicked out of USDA Farm Service Agency
Guaranteed Loan Programs because they have been in them too long.

The FSA provides credit unions and other lenders with a guarantee of up to 95%
of the loss of principal and interest on these borrowings loans. The government
provides about $12 billion in credit through the program.

CUNA said the guarantees are valuable to rural credit unions and their members
since they make credit available to farmers who do not meet normal underwriting
standards.

Another portion of the legislation that will affect credit unions is the
authorization of a pilot micro-loan program for farmers served by Community
Development Financial Institutions, of which many CUs in poor rural areas are.
The maximum a farmer could receive would be $50,000. It will be up to the
Secretary of Agriculture to decide if this initiative takes the form of a
guarantee or a direct loan from the government.

URL: http://www.cujournal.com/

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: CUJ


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             383 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2014 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                       WMI - Major Products and Services

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                               February 20, 2014

                               Bank of Stapleton

                                Chicago Division
                            Hanover Park,  IL 60133
                                     Other

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *

Bank of Stapleton is a banking service provider. Key products and services
offered by the bank include the following:

PRODUCTS:

   Deposits, Checking, SavingsLoans, Agriculture loans:, Operating loans and
lines of credit, Livestock loans, Machinery and equipment loans, Farm and ranch
real estate loans, Farm and ranch capital improvement loans, Farm service agency
guaranteed loans

SERVICES:

   Online banking, Mobile banking , Telephone banking



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *






LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014


                             384 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                              Woodford State Bank

                             2310 County Highway M
                              Woodford,  WI 53599
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (608) 325-7766
FAX: (608) 325-7895
URL: www.woodfordstatebank.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 175

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Woodford State Bank is dedicated to the success of the ag industry and
farmers we serve. We have experienced ag lenders eager for the opportunity to
discuss the needs of our area farmers.  Woodford State Bank offers a wide
variety of ag loan products:   Operating Loans and Lines of Credit Livestock
Loans Machinery and Equipment Loans Farm Service Agency Guaranteed loans Farm
Real Estate Loans - Short Term and Long Term Fixed Rates Farm Service Agency
Interest Assistance Loans Dairy Expansion Loans

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 6,000,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             385 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

            Copyright 2017 News Bites Pty Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                           Daily Securities Dashboard

                                 March 20, 2017

                   Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation

             1999 K Street, Northwest,4th Floor,Washington,DC,20006
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: +1 202 872-7700
FAX: +1 202 872-7713
URL: http://www.farmermac.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: AGM
ISIN: US3131483063

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

NAME           DESIGNATION    APPOINTMENT    SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE
                              DATE
Curt Covington Senior Vice    -              Curt Covington joined Farmer Mac
               President                     in 2015 as the Senior Vice
                                             President, Agricultural Finance.
                                             He leads Farmer Mac's business
                                             development efforts in the Farm &
                                             Ranch and USDA Guarantees business
                                             segments. In addition, he oversees
                                             the company's credit
                                             administration and underwriting
                                             functions. Curts's extensive
                                             experience in ag lending spans
                                             over three decades and his passion
                                             for rural America developed at a
                                             young age on his family's grape
                                             and tree nut farm in Selma,
                                             California. Most recently, Curt
                                             served as the Managing Director
                                             for the Ag and Rural Banking
                                             Division at Bank of the West. He
                                             has also held various management
                                             roles within the Farm Credit
                                             System and at Rabobank. In
                                             addition to his role at Farmer
                                             Mac, Curt is a respected leader in
                                             the Agricultural Mortgage industry
                                             and is actively involved in
                                             leadership roles within industry
                                             trade groups. Curt studied finance
                                             at the University of Southern
                                             California and earned a Masters in
                                             Agribusiness from Santa Clara
                                             University.

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation (Farmer Mac) is a stockholder-owned
instrumentality of the United States that was created to establish a secondary
market for agricultural real estate and rural housing mortgage loans and to
increase the availability of long-term credit at stable interest rates to
American farmers, ranchers and rural homeowners. Farmer Mac conducts these
activities through two programs: Farmer Mac I and Farmer Mac II. Under the
Farmer Mac I program, Farmer Mac creates a secondary market for agricultural
mortgage loans and accomplishes its congressional mission of providing liquidity
and lending capacity to agricultural mortgage lenders. Under the Farmer Mac II
program, Farmer Mac purchases the portions of loans guaranteed by the United
States Department of Agriculture (USDA) and guarantees securities backed by
those USDA-guaranteed portions (Farmer Mac II Guaranteed Securities).
INDUSTRY TYPE: Mortgage Finance sector

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

DESCRIPTION                           PERIOD ENDING
(All amounts in )
Sales                                   311,900,000
Gross Profit                            140,274,000
Total Revenue                           313,723,000
Net Profit                               64,152,000
Earnings Before Interest                119,357,000
and Tax
Earning Before Interest,                119,357,000
Tax and Depreciation
Earnings Before                         119,357,000
Interest, Tax,
Depreciation and
Amortisation
Tax                                      42,057,000
Shareholders Funds                      643,425,000
Net Tangible Assets                     643,425,000
Net Assets                              643,425,000
Total Assets                         15,606,020,000
Total Liabilities                    14,962,373,000
Total Investing Cashflow               -593,409,000
Total Financial Cashflow               -560,034,000
Net Operating Cashflow                  208,588,000

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *

Earnings Per Share                          5.97
Adjusted earnings Per Share                 5.97
Return on Assets (%)                         0.5
Return on Equity (%)                       12.02
Sales Margin (%)                           24.78
Earnings Before Interest Tax               38.27
Depreciation and Amortisation to
Sales (%)
Sector Value on ROA                          0.5
Sector Value on ROE                        12.02
Earnings Per Share Growth (%)              42.48

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EXCHANGE:
PRIMARY EXCHANGE:  New York
OTHER LISTINGS: New York (AGM)
SHAREHOLDERS:

SHAREHOLDER NAME         NO. OF SHARES  PERCENT HELD
NORDEA INVESTMENT                27,300           0.26
MANAGEMENT AB

EPS:  6
ADDITIONAL DIVIDEND INFORMATION:
DIVIDEND RECORD
VALUE     TYPE      EX-DIVIDEND-DATE    RECORD DATE    DATE PAYABLE   CURRENCY
-         Quarterly -                   20 Mar, 2017   31 Mar, 2017         USD

PRICES:
OPEN PRICE OF THE DAY: 61.56
HIGH PRICE OF THE DAY: 61.56
LOW PRICE OF THE DAY: 58.72
CLOSE PRICE OF THE DAY: 58.94
TOTAL SHARES ON ISSUE: 10,551,605
MARKET CAPITALIZATION:
MARKET CAPITALIZATION: 6.22
MCAP CHANGE ACTUAL: -27750721.15
MCAP CHANGE: -4.27%
HIGH PRICE:
52 WEEKS HIGH PRICE: 64.28
1 WEEK HIGH PRICE: 62.21
1 MONTH HIGH PRICE: 64.28
3 MONTHS HIGH PRICE: 28.10
LOW PRICE:
52 WEEKS LOW PRICE: 32.10
1 WEEK LOW PRICE: 58.72
1 MONTH LOW PRICE: 55.20
3 MONTHS LOW PRICE: 23.51
VOLUME AND TURNOVER:
TURNOVER PERIOD: 1.05
TURNOVER RATE: 95.56%
TURNOVER: 2,929,318
VOLUME: 49,700
AVERAGE DAILY VOLUME TRADED: 62,909
PRICE CHANGE:
PRICE CHANGE: -2.63
PRICE CHANGE PERCENTAGE: -4.27
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE PER WEEK: -1.87
PRICE CHANGE TRAILING WEEK: -3.08
PRICE CHANGE TRAILING ABSOLUTE 1 MONTH: 0.79
PRICE CHANGE 1 MONTH: 1.36
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE 3 MONTH: 3.25
PRICE CHANGE 3 MONTHS: 3.42
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE 6 MONTHS: 16.65
PRICE CHANGE 6 MONTHS: 39.37
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE 1 YEAR: 23.62
PRICE CHANGE 1 YEAR: 66.89
VOLUME WEIGHTED PRICE:
VOLUME WEIGHTED PRICE 5-DAY: 60.94
PRICE TO VWP 5-DAY: 0.97
PREMIUM TO VWP 5-DAY: 0.20%
DISCOUNT TO VWP 5-DAY: 3.29%
VWP 1 MONTH: 59.32
PRICE TO VWP 1-MONTH: 1.04
DISCOUNT TO HIGH:
DISCOUNT TO HIGH TODAY: 4.26%
DTH TO 52 WK HIGH PRICE: 8.31%
PREMIUM TO LOW:
PREMIUM TO LOW TODAY: 0.37%
PREMIUM TO LOW TO 52-WK HIGH PRICE: 83.62%
$1000 VALUE:
              PRESENT     CAPITAL    DIVIDEND      TOTAL
             VALUE OF      GAIN     REINVESTED   RETURN TO
               $1000                   VALUE    SHAREHOLDER
                                                     S
1 WEEK           969.25         -31        4.54           -
5 WEEKS        1,041.89       41.89        4.47           -
13 WEEKS       1,011.06        6.49        4.57           -
1 MONTH        1,013.59       13.59        4.34           -
3 MONTHS       1,038.91       34.22         4.7           -
6 MONTHS       1,400.15      393.71        6.44           -
1 YEAR         1,668.87      668.87       43.08       66.89
2 YEARS        2,205.09    1,115.56       89.52           -
3 YEARS        1,945.37      830.47      114.89       24.56
5 YEARS        3,067.82     1,795.6      272.21       25.13

CREATED MARKET VALUE:
CMV VALUE: 260561448.33
CMV MULTIPLIER: 2.44
RETAINED EARNINGS: 180,391,000
MCAP 5-YEAR BACK: 208709871.52
LATEST DAY'S MARKET CAPITALIZATION: 649662319.85
MOVING AVERAGE PRICE:
MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 200 DAYS: 46.68
LATEST PRICE / EXPONENTIAL MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 200 DAYS: 1.26
MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 50 DAYS: 57.92
LATEST PRICE / MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 50 DAYS: 1.02
MAP200 TODAY MINUS MAP200 YESTERDAY: 0.01
MAP50 TODAY MINUS MAP50 YESTERDAY: 0.12
VOLUME INDEX:
VOLUME INDEX: 0.80
VOLUME INDEX 3 DAYS: 0.71
VOLUME INDEX 5 DAYS: 0.62
VOLUME INDEX 30 DAYS: 0.67
VOLUME INDEX 90 DAYS: 0.44
VOLATILITY:
VOLATILITY: 4.84
PAST 3 DAYS' VOLATILITY: 5.55
PAST 1 WEEK'S VOLATILITY: 5.94
TRAILING MONTH'S VOLATILITY: 16.45
TRAILING 3 MONTHS' VOLATILITY: 19.52
TRAILING 1 YEAR'S VOLATILITY: 100.26
RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE:
RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: -4.07
3 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: -0.66
5 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: -3.08
30 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 0.41
90 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: -1.10
180 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 28.45
360 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 51.09
1080 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 55.88
PRICE PERCENTILE RANK:
PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 18.84
5 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 6.62
30 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 69.67
90 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 53.04
180 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 92.34
1 YEAR PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 92.72
NOTICEABLE MOVES:
NUMBER OF DAYS HIGH: 3
NUMBER OF DAYS LOW: 11
AGGREGATE VOLUME: 49,700
HIGHEST ACTUAL RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 6.16
HIGHEST PERCENTAGE RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 14.80
SECOND HIGHEST ABSOLUTE RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 5.71
SECOND HIGHEST PERCENTAGE RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 10.33
HIGHEST FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -5.14
HIGHEST PERCENTAGE FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -11.89
SECOND HIGHEST FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -2.63
SECOND HIGHEST PERCENTAGE FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -5.21
REPORTED BUYING AND SELLING
DIRECTOR       TRANSACTION    TRANSACTION  NO. OF SHARES PRICE IN $ VALUE IN $
                      DATE           TYPE
-                        -              -         27,300          -       0.36

OPTION AND OPEN INTERESTS:
OPEN INTEREST: 367
PUT CALL RATIO: 1.87
EXPIRY DATE    EXERCISE PRICE        VOLUME  OPEN INTEREST     LAST PRICE
18-Aug-2012                25             5             73              3

DATE        OPEN
            INTEREST
12 Sep,             367
2016

OPEN INTEREST: 367
DATE        PC RATIO
12 Sep,            1.87
2016

MOST ACT CALL:
EXPIRY DATE    EXERCISE PRICE        VOLUME  OPEN INTEREST     LAST PRICE
18-Aug-2012                25             5             73              3

OPEN INTEREST TREND:
DATE        OPEN
            INTEREST
12 Sep,             367
2016

OPEN INTEREST: 367
PUT CALL RATIO:
DATE        PC RATIO
12 Sep,            1.87
2016

TECHNICAL INDICATORS:
BETA: 1.62
RELATIVE STRENGTH INDICATOR: 54.66
WILLIAM PERCENT R: -58.81
SECTOR VALUE OF RELATIVE STRENGTH INDEX: 54.08
SECTOR VALUE OF WILLIAMS % R: -20.09
SECTOR VALUE OF PEMAP50: 1.05
SECTOR VALUE OF MOVING AVERAGE CONVERGENCE AND DIVERGENCE: -40.06
SECTOR VALUE OF PMAP 200days: 1.17
SECTOR VALUE OF PV1000_1yr: 1330.22
SECTOR VALUE OF PPR 180Days: 59.07
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE CHANGE PER: 0.89
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE CHANGE PER WEEK: 2.62
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE CHANGE 1 MONTH: 4.32
FUNDAMENTAL:
PRICE TO BOOK VALUE: 0.97
PRICE TO SALES: 1.98
YIELD: 2.38%
EARNING YIELD: 10.13%
PRICE EARNINGS GROWTH: 0.23
RETURN ON ASSETS: 0.50%
RETURN ON EQUITY: 12.02%
EARNINGS PER SHARE GROWTH: 42.48
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE EARNINGS: 19.06
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE TO BOOK VALUE: 2.67
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE TO SALES: 1.76
SECTOR VALUE OF YIELD: 4.54%
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE EARNINGS GROWTH: 0.82
SECTOR VALUE OF RETURN ON ASSETS: 1.21%
SECTOR VALUE OF RETURN ON EQUITY: 7.46%
SECTOR VALUE OF RETURN ON CAPITAL EMPLOYED: 19.79%
SECTOR VALUE OF EARNINGS PER SHARE Growth: 33.10%
SECTOR VALUE OF EARNING YIELD: 2.82%
ADDITIONAL CHARTS:
PRESENT VALUE CHARTS
Price Change Percent Chart
Present Value Charts for 1 year
Moving Average Convergence and Diversions
Volatility Chart
Commodity Channel Index Chart
Top 20 Shareholders Chart
High, Low and Close Price Chart for 1 year
TECHNICAL CHARTS
William % R chart
Price / Moving Average Price Chart
Volume Weighted Price Chart
Relative Strength Index Chart
Bollinger Band Chart
OPEN INTEREST AND OPTION CHARTS
Put/Call Ratio
SHAREHOLDER RETURN
Present Value Charts for 1 year - Waterfall
Chart

SHORT SELLING RECORD:
TRADE DATE     SHORT VOLUME   SHORT SELL %
30-12-2016              1,060           0.01

DAYS TO COVER RECORD:
TRADE DATE     SHORT SELLING  AVERAGE DAILY  DAYS TO COVER
                              VOLUME
30-12-2016          6,2150.01         66,035           0.17

BULLISH BEARISH SIGNALS:
DATE      HEADLINE      CLOSE      XMONTH     XMONTH LOW TOP RISE   STEEPEST
                        PRICE      HIGH                             FALL
Thu, Oct  Federal            28.04
25        Agricultural
          Mortgage
          Class C hits
          year-high 3rd
          time in one
          month.

DATE    HEADLINE CLOSE    XMONTH   XMONTH   TOP RISE SECOND   STEEPEST SECOND
                 PRICE    HIGH     LOW               HIGHEST  FALL     HIGHEST
                                                     RISE              FALL
Thu,    Federal     28.04 five-mon four-mon Federal  AGM      Federal  Federal
Oct 25  Agricult          th High  th Low   Agricult strength Agricult Agricult
        ural                                ural     ens      ural     ural
        Mortgage                            Mortgage above    Mortgage Mortgage
        Class C                             Class C  Exponent Class C  Class C
        hits                                hits     ial      weakens  falls
        year-hig                            year-hig Moving   2.1% to  1.0% to
        h 7th                               h 1st    Average  US$27.22 US$25.52
        time in                             time in  Price    on thin  in weak
        three                               three    (EMAP),  volume,  trading
        months.                             months.  12-day   ending a with
                                                     EMAP     three-da open
                                                     outperfo y streak interest
                                                     rms      of       rising
                                                     26-day   rises.   0.3%.
                                                     EMAP.

 * * * * * * * * * * ANNOUNCEMENTS * * * * * * * * * *
NEWS TYPE

   WASHINGTON, March 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Federal Agricultural Mortgage
Corporation (Farmer Mac; NYSE: AGM and AGM.A) announced today that it will
release its financial results for the fiscal quarter and year ending December
31, 2016, on Thursday, March 9, 2017, prior to the opening of equity markets. A
conference call to discuss the results will be held that day at 11:00 a.m.
eastern time.

   The conference call can be accessed by telephone or webcast as follows:

   Dial-In (Domestic): (888) 346-2616

   Dial-In (International): (412) 902-4254

   Webcast: https://www.farmermac.com/investors/events-presentations/

   Source: sNasdaq Stock Exchange

DIVIDEND

   Federal Agricultural Mortgage Class C today announced a quarterly dividend of
10.0c per share. The record date is September 14, 2012 and it is payable on
September 28, 2012.

BOARD AND MANAGEMENT

   WASHINGTON, Oct. 3, 2012 -- The Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation
(Farmer Mac; NYSE: AGM and AGM.A) today announced that its Board of Directors
has appointed Timothy L. Buzby, a 12-year veteran of Farmer Mac, as President
and Chief Executive Officer of Farmer Mac, effective immediately.

   Mr. Buzby has been Farmer Mac's Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since
2009 and prior to that served as Farmer Mac's Controller beginning in 2000. In
those capacities, he has been instrumental in the strengthening of Farmer Mac's
capital position, the management of its loan portfolio, and the execution of its
business strategy to facilitate and assure credit availability to rural America.
The Board of Directors and Mr. Buzby will work together to identify and select a
new Chief Financial Officer. In the interim, Mr. Buzby will also continue to
serve in that capacity as well.

   "Tim knows and understands all aspects of Farmer Mac," said Lowell L.
Junkins, Chairman of the Board. "He has been pivotal to the successful
strengthening of Farmer Mac financially and operationally. The Board has the
highest confidence that Tim is the right executive to lead Farmer Mac as it
moves forward with its Congressional mission to help provide enhanced liquidity
and assure credit availability for rural America."

   "I am proud and excited to serve as the CEO of Farmer Mac," said Mr. Buzby.
"Farmer Mac is uniquely positioned to offer solutions to rural lenders that
provide credit to farmers, ranchers, rural utilities, and other rural
businesses. I look forward to working with the Board, the highly experienced
members of our management team, and the entire Farmer Mac organization to
further Farmer Mac's important mission and to help ensure the continued growth
and prosperity of rural America while growing the value of Farmer Mac to all its
constituencies."

   Mr. Junkins added, "The Board of Directors and I are grateful to Michael
Gerber for his leadership of Farmer Mac and for the guidance and insight he
provided as our CEO. He is a true professional who fully dedicated himself to
the success of Farmer Mac and its mission during his tenure."

   Source: NASDAQ Stock Exchange

COMPANY RELEASE

   WASHINGTON, March 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Federal Agricultural Mortgage
Corporation (Farmer Mac; NYSE: AGM and AGM.A) announced today that it will
release its financial results for the fiscal quarter and year ending December
31, 2016, on Thursday, March 9, 2017, prior to the opening of equity markets. A
conference call to discuss the results will be held that day at 11:00 a.m.
eastern time.

   The conference call can be accessed by telephone or webcast as follows:

   Dial-In (Domestic): (888) 346-2616

   Dial-In (International): (412) 902-4254

   Webcast: https://www.farmermac.com/investors/events-presentations/

   Source: sNasdaq Stock Exchange

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2017


                             386 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2013 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                               September 20, 2013

                                NedBank Capital

                           135 Rivonia Road, Sandown
                             Sandton,  Gauteng 2196
                                  South Africa

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Cinnergi Secures ZAR7 Billion For Clean Energy Projects In South Africa

   Jun 13, 2013

   Cinnergi secured financing of about ZAR7 billion to build clean energy
projects in South Africa, bdlive.co.za reported. The company, in the second
phase of the renewable energy independent power producers procurement program,
acquired rights to produce a third of the power allotted by the Department of
Energy, South Africa.The Amakhala Emoyeni wind farm in Bedford is likely to
produce about 134 MW, while the Tsitsikamma wind farm in the Eastern Cape, will
produce about 95 MW. These farms will have a cumulative output of about 229 MW
of power run by a single entity in the second phase of the program. The company
reached financial closure for the Amakhala Emoyeni project with Standard Bank,
the International Finance Corporation and Nedbank Capital, which funded about
R5.2 billion of the required investment. Exxaro and Tata will fund up to
ZAR1.2bn in return for equity. The company owns the majority stake in the
56-turbine Amakhala Emoyeni project while the Cookhouse and Bedford community
trusts share a 5% ownership in the project. The company, in Tsitsikamma, will
have about 75% ownership, while Watt Energy and the Tsitsikamma Development
Trust will have 25% ownership of the project. The wind farm will feature about
31 turbines and is likely to be operational in 2016.


Sumitomo Subsidiary Signs Agreements For Wind Farm Project In South Africa

   Nov 06, 2012

   Dorper Wind Farm (RF) Pty Ltd (Dorper Wind Farm), a project company led by
Sumitomo Corporation, through its wholly owned local subsidiary, and its local
partner Rainmaker Energy, through its subsidiary Dorper Wind Development (Pty)
Ltd, entered into a 20-year power purchase agreement (PPA) with Eskom Holdings
SOC Limited.The project company also entered into a contract with the South
African Department of Energy (DOE), under which the payment obligations of Eskom
under the PPA are guaranteed by the DOE. Financing agreements for the JPY14
billion project financing denominated in South African Rand with Nedbank
Capital, ABSA Capital and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation have also been
executed. The loan covers 70% of the approximately JPY20 billion project cost.
Dorper wind farm has also contracted Euler Hermes, to guarantee about JPY12
billion, representing 80% of the total loan. The Dorper wind farm project will
consist of 40 wind turbines, each having a generating capacity of 2.5 MW,
manufactured by German-based Nordex. Construction of the Dorper project is
scheduled to commence during November 2012, with completion and commercial
operation scheduled for July 2014. The Dorper wind farm will also contribute to
the development of South Africa by implementing a range of initiatives within
the project. These include working with local companies that conduct business in
line with the government policies to improve the status of black South Africans,
based on the Black Economic Empowerment (BEE) program, and providing job
opportunities to local South Africans over a period spanning more than two
decades from construction through operation. In addition, a portion of annual
revenue will be used to promote economic development programs as part of the
Dorper project's commitment to contribute to the enhancement of local
communities. Furthermore, Dorper wind farm has established a local community
trust, which will effectively hold an equity stake in excess of 10% in the
Dorper wind farm project company. The community trust will directly benefit the
local communities, who are predominantly black South Africans.


Sumitomo Subsidiary Signs Agreements For 100 MW Dorper Wind Farm Project In
South Africa

   Nov 06, 2012

   Sumitomo Corporation entered into the key agreements pertaining to the 100 MW
Dorper wind farm project for which a Sumitomo Corporation-led consortium was
selected as a preferred bidder in November 2011 under the IPP procurement
program for renewable energy, implemented by the South African Department of
Energy (DOE).Specifically, on November 5, 2012, Dorper Wind Farm (RF) Pty Ltd, a
project company led by Sumitomo Corporation, through its subsidiary, and partner
Rainmaker Energy, through its subsidiary Dorper Wind Development (Pty) Ltd,
entered into a 20-year power purchase agreement (PPA) with Eskom Holdings SOC
Limited and on the same day the project company entered into a contract with the
DOE, under which the payment obligations of Eskom under the PPA are guaranteed
by the DOE. Financing agreements for the ZAR14 billion project financing with
Nedbank Capital, ABSA Capital and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation have also
been executed. This loan covers 70% of the approximately ZAR20 billion project
cost. Dorper wind farm has also contracted Euler Hermes to guarantee about ZAR12
billion, representing 80% of the total loan. The Dorper wind farm project will
consist of 40 wind turbines, each having a generating capacity of 2.5 MW,
manufactured by Nordex. Construction of the Dorper project is scheduled to
commence during November 2012, with completion and commercial operation
scheduled for July 2014. The Dorper wind farm will also contribute to the
development of South Africa by implementing a range of initiatives within this
project. These include working with local companies that conduct business in
line with the government policies to improve the status of black South Africans,
based on the black economic empowerment program, and providing job opportunities
to local South Africans over a period spanning more than two decades from
construction through operation. In addition, a portion of annual revenue will be
used to promote economic development programs as part of the Dorper project's
commitment to contribute to the enhancement of local communities. Furthermore,
Dorper wind farm has established a local community trust, which will effectively
hold an equity stake in excess of 10% in the Dorper wind farm project company.
The community trust will directly benefit the local communities, who are
predominantly black South Africans.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013


                             387 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 June 22, 1992

FmHA Loan Guidelines May be Simplified

SECTION: FARM & RURAL MORTGAGES; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 402 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The guidelines for making Farmers Home Administration guaranteed loans would be
simplified under legislation being considered by Congress.

A subcommittee of the House Agriculture Committee has proposed legislation that
would allow participating commercial lenders to become "certified" lenders,
allowing them to perform much of the loan underwriting without going through
FmHA.

The proposal, supported by banking trade groups, was proposed by Rep. Larry
Combest, R., Tex., and added to a beginning farmer bill that is making its way
through Congress.

The certified lender program is patterned after a similar program operated by
the Small Business Administration.

If the proposal becomes law, FmHA would establish criteria for financial
institutions to become certified lenders for making FmHA guaranteed farm
operating loans.

Certified lenders would make all loan processing decision regarding eligibility,
creditworthiness and legal compliance of the borrower.

The FmHA would guarantee 80% of the loan.  The 20% exposure that remains with
the lender would provide banks with an incentive to make prudent underwriting
decisions, supporters of the provision say.

Currently, FmHA plays a larger role in loan approval and generally guarantees
90% of the loan.

"A certification program will not only eliminate burdensome red tape for both
the banks and the borrowers, it will enable FmHA to establish benchmarks for
assessing qualified lenders," said Jay Godwin, chairman of the American Bankers
Association Agricultural Bankers Division.

The Bush Administration opposes the proposed "certified" lender program, saying
it would strip FmHA of too much ability to determine credit risk.

The Administration would like FmHA to retain final approval authority on any
loan guaranty program.

The preferred lender provision is just a small part of a larger bill aimed at
increasing the availability of credit to beginning farmers.

The bill would direct FmHA to direct a larger share of its resources to help
beginning farmers purchase land.

Dallas Sweezy, director of legislative affairs for FmHA said the agency supports
the idea of reducing paperwork through a certified lender program.

"The idea is one we have embraced and have been working on," he said.

As the amendment is currently worded, however, FmHA is concerned that the agency
may lack adequate oversight over the loans that are made.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             388 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Odessa American (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 25, 2009 Sunday

BRIEF: USDA increases loan limits

BYLINE: Odessa American, Texas

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 167 words


Oct. 25--The United States Department of Agriculture has increased its loan
limit for its Guaranteed Loan Program to $1.112 million.

The increase is designed to enhance the agency's ability to meet credit needs of
farmers and racnchers, said William H. McAnally, farm loan manager for the
USDA's Farm Service Agency.

The loan program allows commercial and farm credit lenders to extend credit to
qualified applicants who otherwise wouldn't meet standard lending criteria,
according to a news release. The program guarantees up to 95 percent of a loan's
value, which strengthens the loan's viability.

To see more of the Odessa American, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.oaoa.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Odessa American, Texas Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091025-OD-BRF-USDA-increases-loan-limits-1025

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OD


                         Copyright 2009 Odessa American


                             389 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Farm Banks Still Increase Credit

                           November 27, 1979, Tuesday

DATELINE: SALT LAKE CITY


Despite growing funds shortages, agricultural banks continued to provide
increasing amounts of farm credit through mid-1979 ABA 1979 Agricultural Credit
Survey indicates.

The Agricultural Bankers Division survey shows that during the past year,
country bank management not only had to deal with the usual problems of
evaluating farmers' financial statements, but also with the complex business of
procuring funds.

The results of this survey of over 1200 banks show most banks accomplished this
while improving the quality of their farm loan portfolio.

The survey also showed that:

Over 60% of banks surveyed reported increases in their non-real estate farm loan
portfolio between June 1978 and June 1979.  7% reported a decline and 30%
reported no change.

More than 40% reported the overall quality of their farm loan portfolio improved
last year.  About 50% reported no change.  Only 8% reported a decline -- the
smallest proportion since 1975.

Loan renewals, refinancings, and delinquencies continue to trend downward, while
repayment rates have increased.

The loan fund situation is the tightest in the last five years.Loan-deposit
ratios are at a record level, averaging 67%.

Limited loan funds, increased cost of funds, and strong demand caused the credit
price to register 11%, the largest one-year increase ever recorded.  A year ago,
most bank farm loan interest rates averaged about 9.5%.  These survey responses
were obtained prior to the rate acceleration in October.

While bankers have substantially increased their legal loan limits to farm
borrowers over the past years, this year the highest percentage -- 63% -- report
that they received loan applications from acceptable farm borrowers exceeding
their legal loan limit.  Banks have therefore made greater use of correspondent
banks.

Outside sources of funds used most often by bankers are bank participations,
purchase of federal funds, and guaranteed loans.

Bankers are screening farm customers more closely because of limited funds, and
more of their farm customers have reached their practical loan limits.  Bankers
indicated that over 1/4 of their borrowers were loaned up.

Agricultural bankers are planning to increase their market share of farm loans
despite challenges of the current economic situation.

According to bankers, farm real estate values increased about 11% last year.
They anticipate similar gains in the current year.

In the ABA survey, an agricultural bank was defined as having a significant
amount of its loan volume with farmers.

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 427 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1979 American Banker, Inc.


                             390 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                          September 19, 2007 Wednesday

New loans for smaller farms

SECTION: Pg. 11

LENGTH: 302 words


With farms seemingly polarising towards either very large or quite small units,
the Rural Business Mortgage has been specifically designed to help smaller
farmers and landowners.

On such holdings the principal source of income is frequently not from
traditional farm enterprises.  For example, income may arise from employment off
the farm or from a small but developing diversification venture on the farm.
Whereas in the past, the AMC's role has been to lend to conventional farmers,
the new Rural Business Mortgage now broadens significantly the number of
borrowers who will meet the AMC's lending criteria.

Many residential lenders seem incapable of lending against a house which is
Listed, or has an agricultural tie, or if there is more than an acre or so
attached. The AMC has always been able to lend against such properties where
they are part of a farm, relying on its valuers to take such issues into account
and value the property accordingly.

We now have a situation where someone who owns a rural property and a modest
amount of land, perhaps let for grazing to a local farmer, will be able to apply
for a loan from the AMC.  Income to service the loan may arise from any number
of sources, not just from the smallholding, such as employment off the farm or a
pension, for example.  Strict lending criteria, such as a client's ability to
service the loan, that have stood the test of time, will continue to apply.

The real news is that customers who are not wholly reliant on income from
farming will now have access to the AMC and all that this means, such as very
competitive rates with margins guaranteed for the life of the loan (not just the
first couple of years), no endowment or life insurance policies added on, a wide
range of loan types - and a human to speak to with a direct telephone number.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             391 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                           February 9, 2012 Thursday

Ex-Osun Commissioner Arrested Over N60 Million Loan Deal

BYLINE: Gbenga Olarinoye

LENGTH: 220 words

DATELINE: Osogbo


Osun State Police Command, Tuesday, arrested and detained former Commissioner
for Finance and Economic Development under Prince Olagunsoye Oyinlola's
administration in the state, Elder Moses Adetoyese Ojo over a loan of N60
million he unilaterally guaranteed a revenue consultant in a bank while in
office.

It was learnt that a team of detectives from the State Criminal Investigation
Department, SCID, swooped on the former commissioner in his country home in Erin
Osun after he allegedly failed to honour several invitations to him by the state
Ministry of Justice to explain his roles in the loan transactions.

It was further gathered that the N60 million loan he guaranteed for a farm in
July 2008 had risen to N130 million this year due to accumulated interests on
the loan.

According to the documents made available to our correspondent in Osogbo, the
loan which was secured in a first generation bank attracted the attention of the
former governor of the state, Prince Oyinlola when the bank confronted him with
documents that the loan taken two years earlier has accumulated to N85 million.

When contacted on the arrest of the former commissioner, the state Police
Commissioner, Mr. Olusegun Solomon confirmed the development, but failed to make
further comments, saying that investigations into the matter are ongoing.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             392 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 3, 1982, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. Pays 2 Banks Polish Debt

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 3, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 436 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 2


Two American banks were paid a total of $3.35 million today after they notified
the Agriculture Department's Commodity Credit Corporation that Poland had failed
to meet scheduled repayments of part of the $1.5 billion that Poland owes the
United States for Government-guaranteed grain purchases.

The payments were made under a recently instituted Administration policy of
reimbursing banks for Federally guaranteed loans to Poland, mostly for food
purchases, when payments are late, without declaring Poland in default.

Citibank of New York was paid $3.2 million due it for acting as the agent
handling part of a $588 million direct credit loan made to Poland by the United
States last year. The First National Bank of Boston was paid $150,000 due on the
$900.2 million the Polish Government has borrowed from commercial banks and
which the United States has guaranteed.

Legislation on Default

Earlier today, legislation was introduced in the Senate requiring that any
nation failing to repay debts guaranteed by the Federal Government be
immediately declared in default. Such a law would reverse the policy the
Administration has adopted of reimbursing banks for guaranteed loans they cannot
collect from Poland. Last month, the Government announced a reimbursement of
more than $70 million in guaranteed loan payments that were overdue from Poland.

The decision to honor these guarantees without formally declaring Poland in
default split the Reagan Administration, with State and Treasury Department
officials contending there would be worldwide financial disruptions if a default
were announced. Defense Department officials had argued, in turn, that if the
Poles were considered to have defaulted on their loans when they missed
scheduled payments their chances of borrowing more money from Western bankers
would be ended.

If that happened, the Defense Department officials contended, it would increase
pressure on the Soviet Union to bail out Poland and possibly other Eastern
European countries to avoid a breakdown of their trade with the West.

Rumania Misses Payment

Last week Rumania failed to make a $5.8 million payment on part of the $91.3
million that country owes the United States on Governmentguaranteed loans for
the purchase of farm commodities and the banks awaiting those payments notified
the Commodity Credit Corporation.

But in this instance, the State Department demanded that Rumania make the
payment, which it did on Saturday.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             393 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Times-News (Burlington, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 2, 2008 Wednesday

Government loan saves local farmer from default

BYLINE: Emily Hohenwarter, Times-News, Burlington, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 517 words


Jul. 2--Larry "Tater" Anderson is like a lot of farmers these days. Not only is
the work back-breaking, but the costs are, too.

Equipment and production expenses are putting family farms on the edge of
default.

But help for those in Anderson's spot is now available. Anderson, a
third-generation farmer who grows tobacco, hay and soybeans, became the first in
the state to take advantage of new farm loan limits Tuesday. He closed on a
$267,000 loan with the U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency at its
Alamance County offices on Graham-Hopedale Road.

Anderson and his wife, Annie, said they will use the money to manage operating
costs this year and finance new farm equipment.

"It came just at the right time," Larry Anderson said. "I'm grateful that
somebody stepped up and helped." The loan was possible because of higher limits
established by the farm bill, which Congress recently passed. Previously, loan
limits were set at $200,000, but the new legislation allows family farmers to
borrow as much as $300,000 from the FSA or from banks with the FSA's guarantee.

Keith Weatherly, the FSA state executive director, presented a ceremonial check
to Anderson.

"This is a special occasion today and we are here to commemorate the first loan
made in North Carolina, and one of the first nationally, frankly, under the new
limits for lending that Congress issued in the recent farm bill," Weatherly
said.

Anderson said his farm is struggling. He needed to borrow more than the previous
limit of $200,000 to stay afloat financially, but banks saw him as a risky loan
candidate. When the new legislation passed, FSA Loan Officer David Sharp, who
had worked with the Andersons previously, told them about the change.

"Tater puts his whole heart in farming," said Roger Dixon, a member of the FSA
state committee and longtime friend of the Andersons.

The Anderson's loan is direct from the FSA, with $100,000 as a one-year loan and
the remaining $167,000 to be paid over seven years. The interest rate on their
loan is 3.125 percent, but Sharp said rates were raised recently to 3.625
percent for new loans.

FSA makes direct and guaranteed farm ownership loans and operating loans to
smallscale farmers, like Anderson, who cannot obtain credit from other banks or
other sources. The agency also loans money to beginning farmers, youth farmers
and gives loans for help after natural disasters. In addition to its farm loans
program, the FSA also functions in the areas of commodity operations,
conservation and income support and disaster assistance.

To comment on this or any Times-News story online go to www.TheTimesNews.com,
find the story, go to the bottom and follow the directions

To see more of the Times-News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimesnews.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Times-News, Burlington, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080702-BT-Government-loan-saves-local-farmer-from-default-0702

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                           Copyright 2008 Times-News


                             394 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           August 20, 2008, Wednesday

USDA loans available to socially disadvantaged farmers

SECTION: METRO WEST PUTNAM; Pg. P17

LENGTH: 201 words


The United States Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency in West
Virginia is reaching out to women, ethnic and minority farmers in the state in
an effort to get more of them involved in its programs.

FSA defines a socially disadvantaged farmer, rancher or agricultural producer as
one of a group whose members have been subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender
prejudice because of his or her identity as a member of the group without regard
to his or her individual qualities.

SDA groups are women, African Americans, American Indians, Alaskan Natives,
Hispanics, Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders.

FSA also reserves a portion of its direct and guaranteed loan funds each year
for SDA loans for eligible participants. These loan programs are designed to
help farmers purchase and operate family farms.

Provisions of the new farm bill recently signed by President Bush increased loan
limits for all direct loan applicants from $200,000 to $300,000.

Applicants must meet the eligibility requirements for a given program before FSA
can extend program benefits.

For more information on these programs and other programs available through FSA,
contact the Farm Service Agency at the county USDA Service Center.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Charleston Newspapers


                             395 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                           September 21, 2003 Sunday

Agribusiness Briefs

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald Staff

SECTION: Pg. b4

LENGTH: 554 words

DATELINE: DES MOINES


Century Farm awards presented to families

Century Farm awards were presented to farm families at ceremonies held at the
Iowa State Fair. The program honors farm families who have owned the same farm
for 100 years or more.

Dubuque County Century Farm Award recipients include Wayne and Connie Vaske, of
New Vienna; Dennis and Lynne Spoerl, of Sherrill; Donald R. and Janet Schmitt,
of Holy Cross; Harold and Darlene Schieltz, of Holy Cross; Jerome and Lorraine
Steffen, of Peosta; and Eric and Cecelia Begle, of Epworth.

There were 347 recipients of the Century Farm designation by the Iowa Department
of Agriculture and Land Stewardship this year.

Appreciation banquet scheduled in Lancaster

LANCASTER, Wis. - The Grant County Livestock Promoters Junior Livestock
Exhibitor/Buyer Appreciation Banquet will be held at 7:30 p.m. Oct. 1 at the
Youth and Ag Center in Lancaster.

Tickets are $$ @6, with exhibitors admitted free. Tickets are available from
exhibitors and some area banks and businesses.

Agency will offer loans for beginning farmers

MADISON, Wis. - Ben Brancel, executive director of the Wisconsin Farm Service
Agency, announced that farm operating and real estate loan funds for beginning
farmers and under-served applicants will be available Oct. 1.

The agency provides loans and loan guarantees to farmers starting or modernizing
their operations, who do not meet commercial lending standards.

More information about direct and guaranteed loans, and the targeting of loans
funds, is available on the Web at www.fsa.usda.gov/wi/ or can be obtained from
any U.S. Department of Agriculture service center.

Dodgeville man elected to Growmark board

BLOOMINGTON, Ill. - Growmark representatives elected 12 of 24 positions on the
Growmark Board of Directors Sept. 5. This included the election of eight
representatives from Illinois, one from Iowa, one from Wisconsin, and one from
Ontario, Canada. One director-at-large was elected from the Iowa Farm Bureau
Federation.

Re-elected to the Growmark Board were: chairman of the board and president, Dan
Kelley, of Normal, Ill.; vice chairman, John Reifsteck, of Champaign, Ill.; vice
chairman, Dick Walters, of Woodstock, Ill.; and secretary, Rick Nelson, of
Paxton, Ill.

Elected to represent Wisconsin Zone E, District 13, was Bill Hanson, of
Dodgeville, Wis.

Informational meeting slated in Cascade

CASCADE, Iowa - An informational meeting to explain the new federal Value Added
Agricultural Product Market Development grant program will be held 7 p.m.
Tuesday at the Cascade Fire Station, 807 1st Avenue East, Cascade.

The event also will offer information about a variety of other public and
private funding opportunities.

For more information, contact Tom Miller at 563/886-6006 or Warren Johnson at
563/652-5104. Information also is available at the U.S. Department of
Agriculture web site: www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/coops/vadg.htm.

Tour will emphasize alternative agriculture

MAQUOKETA, Iowa - The Maquoketa Valley Producers will host an Alternative
Agriculture Tour beginning at 6 p.m. Tuesday at Gravert's Apple Basket Orchard,
six miles north of Sabula on U.S. 52.

For more information on this event, contact Limestone Bluffs Resource
Conservation and Development at 563/652-5104.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2003 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             396 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 7, 2016 Friday

Washington: Hoeven Working to Support Farmers and Ranchers, Create Strong
Business Climate, Provide Veterans with Care Close to Home

LENGTH: 1134  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



 Senator John Hoeven today hosted a roundtable discussion with Langdon community
leaders to outline his efforts in Washington to help North Dakota farmers and
ranchers; create a strong business climate for small business; and care for
North Dakota veterans. Following the roundtable, Hoeven joined leaders at Cando
Pasta to review operations at the North Dakota pasta plant.





 "We're working to support our producers and small businesses by creating a
better businesses climate and providing regulatory certainty," said Hoeven.
"These job creators are the backbone of our economy, which is why we continue
working to ensure they have the tools and support they need to succeed."



 SUPPORTING NORTH DAKOTA PRODUCERS AND SMALL BUSINESSES



 Capital for Farmers and Ranchers Act



 Hoeven introduced the Capital for Farmers and Ranchers Act with cosponsor
Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.). The legislation will:



 o Increase the maximum loan amount that an individual farmer or rancher is able
to receive under the Farm Service Agency's Direct and Guaranteed Loan Programs
for Farm Operating Loans and Farm Ownership Loans.

 o Help producers weather the downturn. For example, it increases the FSA loan
guarantee amount, which will now cover up to $2.5 million, up from $1.39
million. The bill will also double the amount on Direct Operating and Direct
Farm Ownership Loans from $300,000 to $600,000.



 Ensuring Affordable Fertilizer/Preventing OSHA's Anhydrous Rule



 Hoeven worked to stop the Occupational Safety and Health Administration's
(OSHA's) anhydrous rule, which threatened to prevent rural retailers from
selling anhydrous ammonia, a nitrogen fertilizer that is critically important to
producers. Hoeven has been working to prevent the new regulation, which the D.C.
District Court of Appeals stopped late last month, including:



 o In December 2015, the senator introduced and worked to pass legislation
preventing OSHA from implementing the regulation in 2016, which would have
forced agricultural retail facilities to comply with the same chemical storage
requirements as a wholesale facility.

 o Earlier this year, Hoeven included language in the Senate Fiscal Year 2017
Labor-HHS appropriations bill prohibiting OSHA from implementing it in 2017. The
legislation passed out of committee by a large bipartisan majority vote.

 o The senator sent a letter to Labor Secretary Thomas Perez earlier this year
calling on him to work through the formal rule-making process, engage with local
stakeholders and respond to the Freedom of Information Act Requests submitted by
the North Dakota Department of Agriculture. Last month, Hoeven also arranged a
meeting between senior Department of Labor officials and North Dakota retailers.




 Stopping the Waters of the U.S. (WOTUS) Regulations



 o The Fiscal Year (FY) 2016 funding bill included language to prevent the
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) from reinstating the Waters of the U.S.
Interpretive Rule, which preserves the general ag exemption from the Clean Water
Act for farmers and ranchers.

 o As an Appropriations Committee member, Hoeven included language in the FY
2017 appropriations bill for the Dept. of Interior and EPA preventing the
implementation of EPA's WOTUS rule next year as well.

 o The senator has also called on the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to comply
with the nationwide stay on implementing the WOTUS rule by the U.S. Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.



 CARING FOR NORTH DAKOTA VETERANS



 Veterans Care Coordination Initiative



 Hoeven has been working to provide veterans in North Dakota with care close to
home. Earlier this week, the senator announced the Veterans Care Coordination
Initiative, a pilot program, enabling veterans seeking care through the Veterans
Choice Program to coordinate all their health care needs through the Fargo VA
Medical Center, rather than a third party administrator.



 o The new Veterans Care Coordination initiative will help veterans in North
Dakota and western Minnesota access care in the community when VA facilities are
not available or timely.

 o In addition, providers can work with the Fargo VA to improve provider
reimbursements and reduce denials of veterans' claims.

 o The Veterans Care Coordination initiative grew out of a series of veterans'
listening sessions and roundtables Hoeven held around the state. Beginning
nearly a year ago in Williston, he heard about a range of problems veterans were
experiencing when trying to schedule and access health care through Health Net.
Problems included dropped appointments, long wait times and other obstacles to
getting care. He met with veterans in large cities like Fargo, Bismarck and
Dickinson, as well as small communities like Bottineau and Steele, all
encountering similar problems. The senator then secured a commitment from VA
Secretary Bob McDonald to launch the pilot program to address the issue.



 Record Funding for Veterans



 As a member of the Senate Veterans and Military Affairs Appropriations
Committee, Hoeven worked to provide strong funding to provide the nation's
veterans with the services and care they earned serving our nation. Congress
recently passed the Fiscal Year 2017 Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill, which
provides record funding for the nation's veterans.



 WORKING TO ADDRESS THE OPIOID EPIDEMIC



 o Hoeven authored the Illegal Synthetic Drug Safety Act of 2016, which Hoeven
recently introduced with Senator Chris Coons (D-Del.) closes a loophole in
current law that enables companies to circumvent the law and sell synthetic
variations of drugs, like the powerful drug fentanyl, by labeling the products
as "not for human consumption."

 o Laboratories, many of which are found in China, are altering the molecular
structure of fentanyl and other controlled drugs to make substances that are
technically different, but with the same dangerous risks as the original drug.
These chemically altered substances are known as analogues.

 o For example, fentanyl is a synthetic opioid drug that is medically used as a
pain killer. The Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) estimates that it is 50
times more potent than heroin and 100 times more potent than morphine. While
fentanyl is a controlled substance, laboratories are altering its molecular
structure to make variations of the drug that are technically different, but
just as dangerous. Companies are then able to sell the variations, or analogues,
under a "not for human consumption" label.

 o The Illegal Synthetic Drug Safety Act of 2016 closes that loophole.

 o The measure has been endorsed by the Federal Law Enforcement Officers
Association,



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             397 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                   Michigan Rural Rehabilitation Corporation

                              18625 CENTENNIAL RD
                              MARSHALL,  MI 49068
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (800) 835-0650
FAX: (269) 781-9850
URL: www.mrrccollegeloans.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 2

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Michigan Rural Rehabilitation Corporation (MRRC) is a nonprofit corporation
that is dedicated to serving rural Michigan communities. Originally created by
the Federal government in 1935 to assist farm families following the Great
Depression, MRRC now focuses on educational loans for college or various skilled
trade training programs.  MRRC has been making student loans to low income
Michigan rural and farm families since 1971 through the various Federal
guaranteed loan programs. Following the implementation of the Federal Direct
Student Loans in the 1990's, the Tuition Assistance for Rural and Farm Families
(TARFF) alternative loan program was created in 1997 as an alternate student
loan program to meet some of the expenses not covered by other loans or grants.
MRRC supports 4-H and FFA members with low interest loans for annual fair
projects. Group 4-H and FFA projects may be eligible for loans and/or grants.
MRRC participates with the Rural Development mortgage program, and has limited
funds available to loan for rural Michigan residents for small business ventures
or farm capital expenses. We do not make loans for annual operating expenses.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 250,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             398 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            April 22, 2010 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Colo. aims loans at "Main St." The $40 million initiative will try to put funds
into the hands of small firms and farmers.

BYLINE: Andy Vuong The Denver Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B-07

LENGTH: 302 words


Gov. Bill Ritter announced new lending initiatives Wednesday that provide $40
million in funding for Colorado's farmers, manufacturers and small businesses.

The Colorado Housing and Financing Authority will make $30 million available for
manufacturers seeking loans of up to $10 million to fund real estate
acquisitions, renovations and equipment purchases. CHFA is launching a mini-bond
program that will provide loans ranging from $500,000 to

$2 million to smaller manufacturers with 50 employees or fewer.

Funding will come from federal private activity bonds, passed through the
Colorado Department of Local Affairs.

Additionally, the state treasurer's office will invest $10 million in CHFA's
guaranteed purchase program, which supports long-term, fixed-rate loans for
agricultural and small businesses.

"While Washington continues to fight over Wall Street, we here in Colorado are
fighting for Main Street with yet another initiative to help businesses grow and
create jobs," Ritter said. "Small businesses are the backbone of Colorado's
diverse economy and the No. 1 driver of job creation."

Under the guaranteed purchase program, CHFA will buy Small Business
Administration, Farm Service Agency and Rural Business Service guaranteed loans
originated by community lenders.

"This program is about putting funds directly into the hands of Colorado's small
businesses and farmers at a time when they need it most," said state Treasurer
Cary Kennedy.

The Credit Union Association of Colorado criticized the initiatives Wednesday
because credit unions are barred from participating. "We want to be an option
and give small-business owners who use the governor's program all available
financial resources," said John Dill, the association's president.

Andy Vuong: 303-954-1209, avuong@denverpost.com or twitter.com/andyvuong

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             399 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Braxton Citizens' News (Sutton, West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 14, 2010

USDA announces Loan program for natural resource conservation

BYLINE: Braxton Citizens News staff

LENGTH: 244  words


Braxton-Clay Farm Service Agency Acting Executive Director Steven C. Nestor
announces the launch of a Conservation Loan (CL) program that will provide
Braxton and Clay farm owners and farm-related business operators access to
credit to implement conservation techniques that will conserve natural
resources.

"This will provide farmers, who want to implement conservation measures on their
lands, a chance to do so by providing assistance with their up-front costs,"
said Nestor. "In return, these producers will help reduce soil erosion, improve
water quality and promote sustainable and organic agricultural practices."

Direct Conservation Loans can be obtained through Braxton-Clay Farm Service
Agency with loan limits up to $300,000. Guaranteed Conservation Loans up to
$1,112,000 are available from lenders working with FSA.

Conservation Loans funds can be used to implement conservation practices
approved by the Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS), such as the
installation of conservation structures; establishment of forest cover;
installation of water conservation measures; establishment or improvement of
permanent pastures; implementation of manure management; and the adaptation of
other emerging or existing conservation practices, techniques or technologies.
For more information on the Conservation Loan program, contact Braxton-Clay FSA
office at 1336 State St., Gassaway, WV 26624 (304-364-5103) or visit the FSA
website at www.fsa. usda. gov.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Human Interest

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BRX

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2010 Braxton Citizens' News


                             400 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Louisiana Agency Is Planning to Offer Second $150 Million Taxable Farm Issue

                         September 17, 1986, Wednesday

By George Yacik


The Louisiana Agricultural Finance Authority plans to sell this week its second
$150 million issue of taxable revenue bonds in the last month.

Underwriters led by Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. and Howard, Weil, Labouisse,
Friedrichs Inc. may price the 10-year, noncallable deal tomorrow.

A spokesman in Drexel's corporate syndicate department said the bonds will
probably be priced 110 to 115 basis points over comparable Treasury securities.

The issue is different from the $150 million of revenue bonds that the Louisiana
agency marketed on Aug. 27. Those bonds, which were also 10-year noncallables,
were priced to yield 8.25%, 120 basis points over Treasuries.  The proceeds will
be used to refinance loans to farmers that were guaranteed by the Farmers Home
Administration.

In the new deal, however, the proceeds will be used to help qualifying farmers
refinance their high interest loans that are not guaranteed by the
administration. Peter A. Avalone, managing director in Drexel's public finance
department, said loans without the administration's guarantee are more typical
among relatively large farmers because the federal agency only backs loans for
those who cannot get credit from their banks. Mr. Avalone said proceeds from the
new issue will also be used to originate new loans.

The deal is expected to get an AAA rating from Standard & Poor's Corp., he said,
because the loans will be secured either by a direct-pay letter of credit from a
financial institution or a pledge of collateral. The earlier agriculture deal,
which closes tomorrow, was also expected to be rated AAA because of the
administration's guarantee; it is still under review by the rating agency.

After this week's issue is sold, public agencies in Louisiana will have sold
$450 million of taxable bonds in four separate deals since the beginning of the
year, all through Drexel.

Mr. Avalone said his firm is currently working on two other large taxable deals:
a $400 million pooled industrial development bond issue for a county in the
Southwest and a $400 million agriculture revenue bond issue for a Farm Belt
state.

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 357 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1986 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             401 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 4, 2017 Saturday

Washington: Bost Introduces Bill to Empower Farmers and Ranchers

LENGTH: 279  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Mike Bost has issued the following news release:



 U.S. Representative Mike Bost (IL-12), a member of the House Committee on
Agriculture, today introduced the bipartisan Beginning Agriculturist Lifetime
Employment (BALE) Act to ensure beginning farmers, ranchers, and agricultural
producers have access to credit to expand or diversify their operations.





 "Access to finance is the lifeblood of any business, but it's especially
important in agriculture," said Bost. "I've heard from farmers and ranchers
throughout Southern Illinois who are either just getting off their feet or are
trying to grow their business. They tell me all the time that the cost of doing
business is growing while their revenue to reinvest in their business and
employees is shrinking. My legislation modernizes the Guaranteed and Direct Loan
Programs to empower agricultural producers to do what they do best - bring the
best food in the world to market."



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)'s Direct Loan Program provides direct
low interest loans to producers, while the Guaranteed Loan Program allows
private lenders to make conservation, operating, and ownership loans with the
security of knowing the loans are backed by the USDA. However, the loan programs
have not kept pace with the cost of starting and operating an agricultural
business. Bost introduced the BALE Act along with U.S.Representative Jim Costa
(D-CA) to update Farm Service Agency lending amounts under the USDA to better
reflect the current farming and ranching costs.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             402 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 4, 2017 Saturday

Washington: Bost Introduces Bill to Empower Farmers and Ranchers

LENGTH: 279  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Mike Bost has issued the following news release:



 U.S. Representative Mike Bost (IL-12), a member of the House Committee on
Agriculture, today introduced the bipartisan Beginning Agriculturist Lifetime
Employment (BALE) Act to ensure beginning farmers, ranchers, and agricultural
producers have access to credit to expand or diversify their operations.





 "Access to finance is the lifeblood of any business, but it's especially
important in agriculture," said Bost. "I've heard from farmers and ranchers
throughout Southern Illinois who are either just getting off their feet or are
trying to grow their business. They tell me all the time that the cost of doing
business is growing while their revenue to reinvest in their business and
employees is shrinking. My legislation modernizes the Guaranteed and Direct Loan
Programs to empower agricultural producers to do what they do best - bring the
best food in the world to market."



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)'s Direct Loan Program provides direct
low interest loans to producers, while the Guaranteed Loan Program allows
private lenders to make conservation, operating, and ownership loans with the
security of knowing the loans are backed by the USDA. However, the loan programs
have not kept pace with the cost of starting and operating an agricultural
business. Bost introduced the BALE Act along with U.S.Representative Jim Costa
(D-CA) to update Farm Service Agency lending amounts under the USDA to better
reflect the current farming and ranching costs.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             403 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Western Kansas World (Wakeeny, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 28, 2014

FSA Targets Funds to Minority, Women & Beginning Farmers

BYLINE: Western Kansas World staff

LENGTH: 426  words


Adrian J. Polansky, State Executive Director of the USDA Kansas Farm Service
Agency (FSA), announced that the FSA is reaching out to minority and women
farmers who want to purchase or operate a family-size farm.

"Each year, FSA targets a portion of its farm loan funding for socially
disadvantaged applicants (SDA)", Polansky said. The targeted funds are available
to socially disadvantaged applicants who include minority farmers, women
farmers, as well as beginning farmers.

For FSA farm loan purposes, FSA defines an SDA person as one of a group whose
members have been subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender prejudice because of
their identity as members of a group without regard to their individual
qualities. For additional information regarding FSA loans to minority or women
farmers, please visit www.fsa.usda.gov/ks.

A beginning farmer or rancher is defined as someone who:

Has not operated a farm or ranch for more than 10 years

Does not own a farm or ranch greater than 30 percent of the median size farm

Meets the loan eligibility requirements of the program to which he/she is
applying

Substantially participates in the operation; and

If applying for a farm ownership loan, must have participated in a farm for at
least three years

Polansky said that "while funding is targeted for loans to socially
disadvantaged applicants and beginning farmers, loan approval is neither
automatic nor guaranteed." Polansky stated that "in Fiscal Year 2013, Kansas
obligated $9,104,655 for a total of 135 loans to qualified farmers under the
Socially Disadvantaged Persons Loan Program. We also obligated $46,323,649.62
for a total of 418 loans to qualified farmers under the Beginning Farmer
Program."

"Applicants seeking credit through FSA must meet certain eligibility criteria,"
Polansky said. FSA applicants must be U.S. citizens, have a satisfactory history
of meeting credit obligations, have sufficient education, training or experience
managing or operating a farm, possess legal capacity to incur debt; and be
unable to obtain credit elsewhere.

Traditional operating loans may be used to purchase livestock, equipment, feed,
seed or pay other business related expenses. Operating loans are usually repaid
in one to seven years.

Ownership loans are available to provide capital to purchase or enlarge a farm,
construct or improve buildings, promote soil and water conservation and pay
closing costs. Direct ownership loan terms are up to 40 years.

For additional information, contact your local Farm Service Agency at the county
USDA Service Center nearest you.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WKW

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2014 Western Kansas World


                             404 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            October 10, 2008 Friday
                         State Edition; Coastal Edition

Farm Service Agency says funds available

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 132 words

DATELINE: MACHIAS


The Farm Service Agency has funding for socially disadvantaged applicants to buy
and operate family-size farms. Funding will be considered for women,
African-Americans, American Indians, Hispanics, Asians, Pacific Islanders and
Alaskan Natives.

The supervised credit initiative removes barriers, which prevent individuals
from participation in loan programs. Qualified candidates are provided
information and assistance to develop sound management practices, analyze
problems and use available resources to help create or maintain a successful
farming operation.

This program provides direct and guaranteed assistance in the form of farm
operating and farm ownership loans. Direct loans are made to applicants from
FSA.

To apply for FSA assistance, call the Washington County FSA at 255-3612, ext. 2.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Bangor Daily News


                             405 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Minnesota Lawyer (Minneapolis, MN)

                            December 20, 2004 Monday

MN Court of Appeals rules security interest may attach to livestock

BYLINE: Michelle Lore

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1721 words


A District Court judge erred in finding a bank's security interest in a debtor's
interest in livestock invalid without first examining whether the debtor had
sufficient rights in the collateral for the security interest to attach, the
Minnesota Court of Appeals has ruled.

The debtor cared for the livestock under a "cattle-sharing agreement" with a
farming company. When the debtor borrowed money, he secured the loan by granting
the bank a security interest in all of his "rights, title and interest" in all
"livestock" then owned or thereafter acquired. After the farming company and a
livestock exchange sold 289 calves that the debtor was caring for, the bank
sued, contending the defendants had converted its perfected security interest in
the calves.

A Roseau County District Court judge disagreed, finding that under the
agreement, the farming company did not grant the debtor an "ownership" interest
in the calves.

But the Court of Appeals reversed.

"The district court applied the wrong legal standard by limiting its inquiry to
whether [the debtor] owned the cattle and erred in failing to address whether
the debtor had 'rights' in the collateral under the cattle-sharing agreement,"
wrote Judge Harriet Lansing.

The 18-page decision is Border State Bank of Greenbush v. Bagley Livestock
Exchange, Inc., et al.

Thief River Falls attorney Michael L. Jorgenson, who represented the bank, said
that court made the correct decision and that the directed verdict against the
bank never should have been allowed.

"It opens things up as far as interpreting security interests in property,"
Jorgenson observed. "There is caselaw interpreting security interests, but this
decision says that a debtor doesn't have to have an ownership interest in the
collateral and I don't think there is any caselaw in Minnesota that has said
that specifically."

Minneapolis attorney William M. Hart, who represented the farming company on
appeal, told Minnesota Lawyer that he is confident that on remand, the District
Court judge will again determine the bank's security interest is not
enforceable.

According to Hart, the cattle-sharing agreement between the debtor and the
farming company specifically stated that the calves were to be sold in the
farming company's name "free and clear of any and all liens." He said that the
agreement was entered into two years before the bank obtained a security
interest from the debtor.

"The bank obtained a security interest with full notice of the limitations in
[the cattle-sharing] contract because our contract pre-dated theirs by two
years," he stated. "The bank was on notice of the limitations of the contract
and what the terms were. There was no basis for them to enter into a security
interest."

Cattle call

Defendant Bert Johnson (doing business as Johnson Farms) and Hal Anderson
entered into an oral cattle-sharing contract in December 1997. One month later,
the oral contract was memorialized in written form.

Under the agreement, Anderson was to care for and breed cattle owned by Johnson,
and Johnson would receive a "guaranteed" percentage of the annual calf crop. The
contract further provided that the cattle placed with Anderson were considered
to be owned by Johnson Farms and any offspring was to be sold under Johnson
Farms' name. The contract required the parties to mutually agree when the calves
would be sold and within 30 days of receiving money for the sale, Johnson Farms
pay the "remainder" to Anderson for keeping the cattle.

In the fall of 1998 and 1999, calves bred under the contract were sold. Anderson
testified that in October 1999, Johnson asked him to care for additional cattle
on the same terms, but that due to adverse personal circumstances, including the
death of his father, he initially declined. Nevertheless, according to Anderson,
he eventually agreed to continue the cattle-sharing contract based on certain
modifications, including:

* the share percentage would be a straight 40/60 split, without Johnson's "
guaranteed" percentage;

* Johnson would provide feed, including beet tailings;

* Johnson would provide additional pasture; and

* the agreement would include 500 cattle, instead of the original 151 cattle.

Johnson testified that while 500 cattle would be cared for and he would provide
beet tailings, he never agreed to provide the feed. He also denied that he
agreed to change the provision that "guaranteed" that his percentage of the calf
crop would be calculated on the initial number of cows regardless of whether
each produced a calf that survived.

In March 2000, Anderson negotiated with plaintiff Border State Bank for loans
totaling more than $155,000. To secure the loans, Anderson granted the bank a
security interest in, among other things, all of Anderson's "rights, title, and
interest" in all "livestock" then owned or thereafter acquired.

In November 2000, when Anderson began encountering difficulty caring for the
cattle, Johnson reclaimed them. The calves remained with Anderson for sale,
however. A month later, 289 calves were sold at defendant Bagley Livestock
Exchange, which after discussing the agreement with Johnson, determined the
bank's security interest did not attach. The livestock exchange issued a check
to Johnson for $119,403, who then issued Anderson a check for $19,404,
representing his share of sale proceeds, less $55,000 that Johnson claimed as
repayment for money advanced to Anderson to purchase feed.

The bank sued the livestock exchange and Johnson, contending that they had
converted the bank's perfected security interest in the calves sold. In a
third-party complaint, Johnson sought indemnity from Anderson in the event the
bank was successful in its conversion claim. Anderson counterclaimed for breach
of contract.

During a jury trial held in September 2003, the District Court judge granted the
defendants' motion for a directed verdict, finding that under the cattle-sharing
agreement, Johnson did not "grant" Anderson an "ownership interest" in the
calves. Anderson, however, was successful on his counterclaim. The bank appealed
the directed verdict and Johnson appealed the ruling on the counterclaim.

Collateral matters

Lansing turned first to the bank's argument that the District Court judge erred
in issuing a directed verdict on its conversion claim.

The judge explained that Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC),
incorporated into Minnesota law, provides that a security interest attaches to
collateral, and is enforceable against the debtor or third parties when:

* value has been given;

* the debtor "has rights in the collateral or the power to transfer rights"; and

* the debtor has signed a security agreement that contains a description of the
collateral.

In the case at bar, the parties did not dispute that Anderson signed a security
agreement and that value was given. The parties also did not dispute the
validity of the descriptions of the collateral - the livestock - or the
assertion that "livestock" includes cattle and calves. They did dispute,
however, whether the bank's security interest attached to the 289 calves sold in
December 2000 under the cattle-sharing agreement.

The District Court judge did not issue a written order in the matter, but stated
on the record that the cattle-sharing contract had not "granted" Anderson an
"ownership interest" in the calves. The trial judge specifically found that "the
modifications testified to by Mr. Anderson in the light most favorable to Border
State Bank do not modify the terms of the agreement such that an ownership
interest is granted." The judge then determined that for the bank's security
interest to attach, Johnson would have had to grant Anderson an interest
equivalent to ownership.

The provisions of the UCC's Article 9 refer to "rights in the collateral," not
solely the "ownership" of the collateral, Lansing observed, adding that those
rights include full ownership and limited rights that fall short of full
ownership. "Simply stated, the UCC 'does not require that collateral be owned by
the debtor,'" the judge wrote.

Lansing noted that other jurisdictions have cautioned against an interpretation
that ownership rights are necessary for the attachment of a security interest.
The issue is whether the debtor has acquired sufficient rights in the collateral
so that the security interest would attach, she continued.

The Court of Appeals found that the District Court judge failed to properly
analyze the modified cattle-sharing contract to determine the nature of
Anderson's rights in the calves or whether his interests or rights were
sufficient to permit attachment of a security interest.

"We conclude that the standard relied on by the district court is inconsistent
with Minnesota law," Lansing wrote. "The application of the incorrect standard
prematurely terminated the analysis of the cattle-sharing agreement, which is
necessary to determine whether Anderson's rights in the collateral were
sufficient for the bank's security interest to attach."

Ambiguity addressed

The court went on to find that because the trial judge applied a standard of
ownership inconsistent with Minnesota law, the determination that the security
interest did not attach was influenced by an error of law.

"In applying the correct legal standard, the district court must initially
determine whether the cattle-sharing agreement is ambiguous," Lansing observed.

The court noted that the agreement in this case suggests ambiguity by stating
that the cattle provided by Johnson continue to be "owned" by Johnson, but, with
respect to the calves, requiring only that they are to be sold in Johnson's
"name." When contract language is susceptible to more than one meaning, the
interpretation of the contract becomes a question of fact, the judge explained.

"The parties whose interests are affected by this determination should have a
full opportunity to argue whether the cattle-sharing contract is ambiguous,"
Lansing wrote.

Thus, the Court of Appeals reversed the District Court judge's order that
directed verdict on the bank's conversion claim and remanded for consideration
of Anderson's rights in the calves. The court went on to affirm, however, the
District Court judge's decisions regarding Anderson's counterclaim.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             406 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                           March 31, 1976, Wednesday

BYLINE: BY ROY REED

SECTION: Page 43, Column 1

LENGTH: 256 words

Article notes that many peanut farmers believe they are being threatened with
ruin by Agr Sec Earl Butz and US Repr Peter A Peyser (NY).  Peanut is 1 of last
crops protected by Fed acreage allotments and effectively supported by Fed loan
or guaranteed price.  Almost 1/3 of peanuts grown in US end up as drain on Fed
Treas.  Butz, advocate of open mktg for farm products, wants to remove Fed
protection of peanut as has been done on several other crops.  Peyser, NYS Sen
aspirant, has introduced bill to abolish peanut program.  Calls it 'classic
subsidy shell game' that costs taxpayers hundred of millions of dollars.
Assails Pres aspirant and peanut farmer Jimmy Carter as recipient of 'wasteful'
program.  Agr Dept repts that farm owned by Carter received only $2,729 in
peanut subsidies between '70 and '75.  Many peanut farmers turn peanuts over to
Fed Commodity Credit Corp for loan that actually becomes Fed Govt-guaranteed
price.  Loan price for '75 crop is $394.50 per ton.  Of 1.9-million tons
produced, 550,000 tons remained on Govt's hands as surplus.  Govt statistics
show that Govt's loss on peanut program rose from $4.8-million in '73 to
$155-million in '75.  Sen Agr Com chmn Herman Talmadge and HR Agr subcom chmn
Dawson Mathis (Ga) reptdly are ready to go along with compromise peanut bill,
which will reduce peanut acreage by 24% in '77, reduce price support from 75% to
70% of parity and allow farmers to raise all peanuts they want for export mkt
while keeping domestic production under controls.  Illus (L).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: 90-76

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: Photograph

              Copyright 1976 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                             407 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           December 20, 1983 Tuesday

Pact set   on sale   of White

BYLINE: ANN SILVERSIDES; GAM

LENGTH: 466 words


By  ANN SILVERSIDES
   The sale of White Farm Equipment Ltd. of Brantford, Ont., is virtually
 guaranteed because of an agreement reached last night by the United Auto
 Workers and Borg-Warner Acceptance (Canada) Ltd.

The fate of the troubled farm equipment company, which has been in
 receivership since last June, was in doubt last week when Borg-Warner, a
 financial subsidiary of a U.S. conglomerate, terminated the agreement to
 buy the company. The sale was scheduled to close Jan. 5.

Borg-Warner said it cancelled the sale because it was unable to reach
 an agreement with the UAW - one of the conditions of the sale. Another
 condition was approval by the Foreign Investment Review Agency, which
 granted it last week.

Prompted by Brantford Mayor David Nuemann and Derek Blackburn, the New
 Democratic Party MP for Brantford, the two parties met in a Brantford
 motel yesterday and reached a tentative agreement about the economic terms
 of the new contract, which is to begin in April.
    "I'm ecstatic; it's a great Christmas present," said Gary Colter, a
 spokesman for the receiver, Peat Marwick Ltd. Mr. Colter had scheduled a
 meeting today with creditors to discuss liquidation proceedings.

If the UAW membership approves the tentative agreement in a vote on
 Thursday, the sale of White Farm will go ahead.

Under the agreement, the UAW agreed to forgive the first 50 cents of a
 cost-of-living adjustment in the new contract.
    "This is not a pay cut . . . and now we know COLA (cost-of-living
 allowance) is guaranteed at the existing formula," UAW spokesman George
 Ehring said.

The union accepted the company offer to pick up $1.5-million of the
 approximately $2-million owed to workers when the company went into
 receivership.

White Farm, which several years ago employed 1,200 workers, now employs
 five. Borg-Warner has said that if the sale goes through, White Farm will
 employ 100 people by the end of January.

The fate of the company has been closely watched across the country,
 with White Farm dealers in Western Canada lobbying strongly for a sale
 that would keep the company operating.

Massey-Ferguson had also bid for White Farm, but only for the company's
 combine technology. If Massey's bid had been successful, White Farm would
 have been liquidated.

The federal and Ontario governments together had guaranteed $16.7-
 million worth of loans to the company before it went into receivership.
 The sale of the company will bring net proceeds of about $7.9-million.

Before the sale closes, Borg-Warner will name a Canadian manager for
 the company.

But Borg-Warner, which has financed $60-million worth of White Farm
 equipment in Canada and $200-million worth of equipment in the United
 States, will retain effective control of White Farm through debentures
 convertible to 51 per cent of common shares.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             408 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 22, 1985, Friday, Late City Final Edition

SENATE SNAGGED ON FARM AID PACKAGE

BYLINE: By STEVEN V. ROBERTS

SECTION: Section A; Page 15, Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 1080 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 21


Senate efforts to forge a compromise on emergency credit for farmers reached an
impasse tonight after the Reagan Administration sent a letter to Capitol Hill
that Democrats termed ''insulting'' and too partisan.

The Senate adjourned late tonight after hours of negotiation, with no indication
that farm state senators were ready to end their three- day effort to block a
vote on the nomination of Edwin Meese 3d to be Attorney General. The White House
had been pushing hard for a vote in time for the President's news conference
tonight, and Vice President Bush was in the Capitol, hoping to preside over Mr.
Meese's confirmation.

In the House, meanwhile, lawmakers moved swiftly in two committees to adopt a
legislative package dealing with the farm credit crisis that goes beyond any
agreement under discussion in the Senate and gives Democrats their first chance
since the election to score some political points against the Reagan
Administration.

At his news conference tonight, Mr. Reagan said many farmers were victims of
circumstances beyond their control, including a sharp drop in inflation that
erdoded their land values. He promised that the Administration's new farm
program ''won't pull the rug out from anyone instantly,'' but would gradually
ease farmers into greater reliance on the free market.

However, Mr. Reagan offered no new proposals for immediate credit relief beyond
a program announced last fall to offer $650 million in guaranteed loans. Farm
Belt lawmakers have already rejected that program as inadequate.

Farm Belt senators from both parties have blocked the Meese nomination while
they pressured the Administration to come up with an aid package for farmers who
face economic disaster if they cannot finance their spring planting in the next
few weeks.

Tentative Agreement

A tentative agreement was reached this afternoon that would commit the
Administration to provide ''adequate funding'' to these distressed farmers under
two existing loan programs. In addition, the Administration would promise to
make the programs more workable by changing rules that have hindered both
borrowers and lenders from participating.

The tentative agreement stipulated that the terms would be detailed in a Senate
resolution and in a letter from Secretary of Agriculture John R. Block to the
legislators. But when the draft of the Block letter was shown to Democratic
senators this evening, they exploded with anger.

''It's unraveling very fast,'' Senator Patrick J. Leahy, a Vermont Democrat,
told reporters.

According to Mr. Leahy, many Democrats felt that the letter ''does not go far
enough'' in committing the Administration to alleviating the credit crunch. In
addition, he said, Democrats felt the issue was ''being handled in a very
partisan way'' by the Administration.

Senator Bob Dole, the majority leader, was equally testy about the breakdown of
the negotiations. He told reporters, ''I won't be pushed around,'' and blamed
Democrats for holding up aid to the farmers.

''It's time,'' he said, ''that we decide whether we want to relieve the problem,
or get into a partisan wrangle on the first issue of the year.''

The draft of the Block letter was addressed to Senator Jesse Helms, the North
Carolina Republican who heads the Agriculture Committee. It praised the
Administration's own efforts, while failing to mention the Democratic senators
who participated in the bargaining. It also said the Administration would oppose
any more legislation in the credit area, but some Democrats said more needed to
be done.

Even before the Democrats balked, Farm Belt senators who have held up the Meese
nomination were not overjoyed with the agreement. But they said it was the best
they were likely to get from an Administration that seems determined to resist
increases in any Government aid programs.

''We got some inches, where we ought to be getting miles,'' said Senator Charles
E. Grassley, an Iowa Republican. Senator J. James Exon, a Nebraska Democrat,
added, ''We're not getting nearly as much as we wanted, but it's a step in the
right direction.''

The deal that started to unravel tonight said the Administration would use
existing authority to increase loans available to farmers under the Farmers Home
Administration. Many lawmakers have complained that farmers in their home states
were being told that no money was available for such loans.

The Administration also promised to expand a program announced last fall that
would provide Federal guarantees for loans made through private banks. The
Administration originally said $650 million worth of loans would be available.
It now agrees to increase that limit, but declines to give a specific figure.

The Administration also agreed to change two burdensome regulations. One change
would reduce the amount of income borrowers need to have before qualifying for
the loans. The other would increase the portion of the bank loan protected by
the Government, and thus would reduce the risk to the bank.

In the House, the Appropriations Committee passed legislation that states
explicitly that an extra $1 billion in guaranteed loans would be available in
addition to the $650 million now allocated. The legislation also adds $17
million for the Government to hire extra staff members to process the loans.

At the same time, the Agriculture Committee passed legislation mandating changes
in the loan program that are similar to those agreed to by the Administration in
the Senate negotiations. But the House bill also includes a provision to allow
farmers to receive payments this spring that they would normally get for their
crops next fall. This provision is strongly opposed by the Administration, but
has considerable support among Democrats in both houses.

The Appropriations Committee also cleared an $880 million bill for African
famine relief today, and that legislation could ultimately get entangled in the
farm aid dispute. Mr. Exon said he would like to force a Senate vote on the
House-drafted farm bill, and he was eyeing the African relief bill as a possible
target for amendment. The theory is that the famine bill is so popular, Mr.
Reagan would have a hard time vetoing it. If he did veto it, he would be giving
Democrats a political issue.

The Democratic leadership has scheduled floor action on both bills next week,
and Democrats see the farm issue as their first chance to recapture the
political initiative in the new Congress.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             409 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Up to Three Taxable Muni Issues May Come to Market This Week

                            August 25, 1986, Monday

By George Yacik


As many as three taxable municipal bond issues may come to market this week,
demonstrating that states and localities are not abandoning their
capital-raising programs just because tax-exempt financing is being curtailed.

One issue that is almost sure to be sold this week is $150 million of
agriculture revenue bonds by the Louisiana Agricultural Finance Authority. The
agency will become the fourth in the state to sell taxable bonds this year.

The Colorado Agricultural Development Authority may bring an almost identical
issue of the same size to market this week. Peter A. Avalone, managing director
in the public finance department at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc., senior manager
for both issues, said the timing of the Colorado deal depends on the success of
the Louisiana offering.

The Louisiana issue, which will consist of 10-year, fixed-rate, noncallable
bonds, is scheduled to be priced tomorrow morning at rates about 90 to 100 basis
points above the yields on comparable Treasury securities, Mr.  Avalone said.

The proceeds from both issues will be used to refinance loans to farmers that
were guaranteed by the federal Farmers Home Administration. As a result, both
deals are expected to be rated AAA by Standard & Poor's Corp.

In its guarantee program, the federal agency secures 90% of a qualifying
farmer's loan, with the remaining 10% held by the bank originating the loan.
The proceeds of the bond issues will be used to buy the part of the loan
guaranteed by the agency.

This will enable the state farm agencies to ''dramatically restructure''
agricultural loans, Mr. Avalone said. Farmers currently are servicing loans with
interest rates as high as 13% and many with variable rates. The proceeds from
the bond sales will provide farmers with 10-year, fixed-rate money at about 9%,
he said.

The Drexel banker noted that the bonds will have ''a host of safeguards'' to
protect investors. Although the farmers in the agency's guaranteed loan program
had a default rate of 0.22% in 1984, they had a delinquency rate of almost 25%.
So the bonds will have a series of reserve funds to shield bondholders from late
payments, Mr. Avalone said.

So far this year, at least $1.3 billion of taxable municipal bonds constituting
almost 20 issues have been marketed - all through negotiation or private
placement. But this week may include what is believed to be the first taxable
deal to be sold through competitive bidding, and a second one is slated for sale
early next month.

Louisville, Ky., had planned to take bids on $25.5 million of taxable water
system revenue bonds tomorrow. But on Friday Bear, Stearns & Co., co-financial
adviser for the issue, said the offering was postponed indefinitely. Thomas A.
Fink, associate director of Bear Stearns' public finance department, said the
issue may come to market later this week, although he characterized the
possibility as remote.

The deal is being put off because last week's sharp drop in the yields of
Treasury securities, in which the proceeds will be invested, has made the deal
economically infeasible at this time.

The offering of the 1986 Series B bonds, which will be fixed-rate sinking fund
bonds due in 2005, is the second leg of a financing to refund $49.9 million of
water bonds that were sold two years ago. On July 15, Louisville sold $25.65
million of tax-exempt Series A bonds.

To avoid Internal Revenue Service arbitrage restrictions, about half of the
refunding - the Series B bonds - had to be done on a taxable basis. The city is
required by state law to sell its bonds competitively.

Underwriters who expressed interest last week in bidding for the Louisville
bonds noted that the issue's taxable status will force investment banking firms
to alter the way they have traditionally bid for municipal issues.

Robert M. Lee, senior vice president of trading and underwriting at J.J.B.
Hilliard, W.L. Lyons Inc. in Louisville, the issue's other co-financial adviser,
said he expects dealers to make bids in various ways: through their municipal
underwriting department, their corporate syndicate department, or some
combination of the two. That variety is apparent in the ways the advisers
themselves plan to approach the issue.

Bear Stearns and Hilliard, who can bid for the bonds as long as they get written
permission from the issuer and the fact is spelled out in the bonds' official
statement, have formed a two-handed account. Mr. Fink said Bear Stearns will
handle the deal through its corporate syndicate and sales departments, but
Hilliard's municipal department will work on the issue.

''We will not bring our corporate people into this unless we win it and we need
help in getting the thing sold,'' Mr. Lee said.

The issue's taxable status will also affect the size of underwriting accounts,
underwriters said. Because buyers of taxable bonds are almost exclusively
institutions and because corporate bond issues are commonly brought to market at
a moment's notice, underwriting groups are kept small.  Often, one firm will
handle the issue all by itself.

In last month's tax-exempt Louisville issue, for example, the winning syndicate
headed by Paine Webber Inc. comprised seven members and two other groups that
merged with Paine Webber's. Spokesmen at some of the firms that were part of the
syndicate said the group is ''not functioning'' for the new issue. The Bear
Stearns account, by contrast, will consist of just the two members.

''This might be one of the first [taxable municipal issues], but there's going
to be a lot more following,'' Mr. Lee said. ''So people are going to have to
start coming to grips with this and decide within the firm how they are going to
deal with them.''

''This is certainly not going to be the last one,'' Mr. Fink said.

Indeed it is not. Last week, the Board of Trustees of Community College District
No. 508 in Illinois, which issues bonds for the community colleges of Chicago,
announced that it plans to take bids Sept. 9 on $30 million of taxable working
cash fund bonds. The bonds will be a general obligation of the district and will
mature serially from 1987 to 1993.

Philip Luhmann, the district's treasurer, said the agency has sold tax-exempt
bonds four times since 1967 for the working cash fund but is selling taxables to
avoid any violation of arbitrage restrictions. ''We'd just as soon not take the
chance,'' Mr. Luhmann said.

SECTION: DEAL OF THE WEEK; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1073 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1986 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             410 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                           October 19, 2005 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

Questions and answers with Jim Reese;
Division's closure threat appears ended.

BYLINE: Jim Stafford, Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 341 words


Q: What function does the Farm Service Agency serve, and how many offices are
there in Oklahoma?

A: The Farm Service agency delivers many of the USDA farm programs to the
agricultural producers across the state. They function under the direction of a
locally elected committee to deliver programs that are legislated by Congress.
At one point, we've had at least 77 Farm Service Agency offices in Oklahoma
because we have 77 counties. In 1995-96, we reduced that to 65 offices, and
today we have 65.

Q: What are some of those programs the Farm Service Agency delivers?

A: Some of the programs are the direct and counter-cyclical programs, the basic
crop production assistance, the Conservation Reserve Program, for which there
are $33 million of CRP payments annually in Oklahoma. We administer the NAP
program (noninsured crop disaster assistance program) for crops that are not
insured by the risk management agency; loan deficiency payments. We also
administer the farm loan program, which is direct loans and guaranteed loans; we
provide disaster assistance, through the crop disaster program or a livestock
assistance program. We also have price support programs. It's whatever Congress
legislates.

Q: How long has the Farm Service Agency served Oklahomans?

A: There has been agriculture assistance under the USDA since 1933.

Q: What would have happened to Oklahoma's Farm Service Agency offices if the
plan closure went into effect?

A: Under this plan, the national criteria identified 36 counties that we were to
review. Their 36 counties came from a national criteria that took into account
distance from the next closest office, farm program workload and farm loan
workload. Our goal was to consolidate 19 offices.

Q: Are they still at risk of being closed?

A: This is indefinitely on hold. The Farm Service Agency administration has
reached an agreement with congressional leaders of the (Congressional)
Agricultural Committee to work with them on any future plan to modernize our
delivery system. What that resolution is going to be is anyone's guess.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jim Reese
Today's Q&A is with the state executive director of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Farm Service Agency. A plan to close 700 Farm Service Agency
offices nationwide and up to 19 in Oklahoma apparently has been scrapped,
according to a letter written to the Senate Agriculture Chairman by a U.S.
Department of Agriculture official.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             411 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Arizona Range News

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                February 4, 2009

Financial help for small farmers

BYLINE: Arizona Range News staff

LENGTH: 168  words


The Farm Service Agency has loans for farmers and ranchers who are unable to
obtain credit elsewhere. Here's what is available:

Low interest loans, great terms for those in need.

Helping farmers with limited financial resources.

Assisting with recovery from natural disasters.

Special focus: beginning and socially disadvantaged farmers.

Farm Ownership Loan (FO): Maximum: $300,000; Terms: Up to 40 years; and Rates
(as of 02/01/2009): Now 3.75 percent.

Operating Loan (OL): Maximum: $300,000; Terms: 1 to 7 years; and Rates (as of
02/01/2009): Now 2.125 percent.

Emergency Loan: Maximum: $500,000; Terms: 1 to 40 years; and Rates (as of
02/01/2009): Now 3.750 percent.

Guaranteed Loans (FO & OL): Maximum: $1,094,000; Terms: By lender; and Rates (as
of 02/012009): By lender, commercial rates.

Contact the Cochise County USDA Service Center to see if you qualify. United
States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency, 658 North Bisbee Ave.,
Willcox, 85643, Phone: (520) 384-3588 ext. 2 or website:

www.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AZR

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2009 Arizona Range News


                             412 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                     October 27, 2011 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Fitch Affirms Ratings of Shepherds Flat Sr. Secured Loans and Trust Ctfs;
Outlook Remains Stable

LENGTH: 783  words


New Delhi, Oct. 27 -- Fitch Ratings issued the following news release:

Fitch Ratings affirms the following ratings on total $1.2 billion debt:

Caithness Shepherds Flat, LLC:

* $525 million A-1 senior secured fixed rate loan at 'BBB-'.

* $675 million A-2 senior secured floating rate loan at 'BBB-'.

Shepherds Flat Funding Trust I:

* $420 million Series A-1-G senior secured fixed-rate trust certificates (
guaranteed) at 'AAA'.

* $105 million Series A-1-a senior secured fixed-rate trust certificates (not
guaranteed) at 'BBB-'.

The Rating Outlook on all ratings remains Stable.

Key Rating Drivers

* DOE Guarantees A-1-G Certificates: Shepherds Flat Funding Trust I (SFFT-I)
Series A-1-G benefits from a 100% irrevocable and unconditional loan guaranty
from the U.S. Dept of Energy (DOE) for principal and interest, aligning it with
Fitch's rating of the U.S. sovereign at 'AAA', with a Stable Outlook.

* Strong Revenue Contracts Secure Cash Flows: The project, Caithness Shepherds
Flat, LLC (CSF) has signed three fixed-price, 20-year purchase power agreements
with high investment-grade utility Southern California Edison, rated 'A-' with a
Stable Outlook by Fitch, that assure stable revenues for 100% of CSF's output.

* Contractors and Sponsors are Wind Industry Leaders: Balance of plant
contractor, Blattner Energy, Inc., and turbine supplier, General Electric (GE),
are very large, proven and capable entities, mitigating completion risk. Fitch
views favorably the experience of the developer and the financial strength of
the investors.

* Consolidated Debt Metrics are Strong: The debt service coverage ratio (DSCR)
profile for CSF in the Fitch rating case reflects a 1.42 times (x) average,
which is consistent with investment grade. The minimum DSCR of 1.33x indicates
CSF has some cushion to withstand lower wind levels in most years at the rating
level.

What Could Trigger a Rating Action

* Project completion is delayed, or reflects lower than expected capacity
levels;

* The wind profile is lower than expected, reducing forecast energy output;

* New GE turbine model does not perform as well as expected;

* O&M expenses are higher than forecasts;

* Downgrade of the U.S. sovereign rating that supports the Series A-1-G rating.

Security

The rated debt is secured by a first-priority lien on all CSF assets, contracts,
accounts, and equity ownership.

Credit Update

As of the date of this review, construction of CSF is on schedule and on budget.
Most of the balance of plant work is completed, including the substations,
interconnection facilities, transmission lines, and electricity collection
systems. All 338 foundations across all three phases are complete, and CSF is on
track to achieve mechanical completion on 70 turbines total in Phase 1 by the
end of November 2011. All 338 turbines are expected to be operational by August
2012.

Actual project costs incurred were on budget at September 30, 2011. According to
the actual spending to date, the project is over 50% complete. CSF has not
acknowledged any issues to Fitch that would result in a material budget increase
or in completion delays.

CSF is an 845-megawatt wind-powered electric generation project under
construction in Gilliam and Morrow Counties, Oregon. CSF will be located along
the Columbia River Gorge, and is anticipated to be the world's largest wind farm
when completed. CSF was developed by Caithness Energy, Inc., and is owned
jointly by Caithness, GE Energy Financial Services, Google Inc., Sumitomo
Corporation of America, and Tyr Energy.

SFFT-I is a bankruptcy remote trust, non-recourse to the owners, that issued
$525 million total debt which is 80% guaranteed by the DOE. The proceeds of
SFFT-I's debt issue were loaned to CSF to fund a portion of the total $1.9
billion project costs. SFFT-I reached financial close in December 2010.

Additional information is available at 'www.fitchratings.com'. The ratings above
were solicited by, or on behalf of, the issuer, and therefore, Fitch has been
compensated for the provision of the ratings.

Applicable Criteria and Related Research:

* 'Rating Criteria for Infrastructure and Project Finance' (August 16, 2011);

* 'Rating Criteria for Onshore Wind Farms Debt Structures' (April 20, 2011);

* 'Caithness Shepherds Flat, LLC' New Issue Report (June 1, 2011).

Applicable Criteria and Related Research:

Caithness Shepherds Flat, LLC

http://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=634729

Rating Criteria for Onshore Wind Farms Debt Instruments

http://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=620109

Rating Criteria for Infrastructure and Project Finance

http://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=648832

Source: Fitch Ratings

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2011 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             413 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Missouri Lawyers Weekly

                                August 13, 2007

For Hmong farmers in the Ozarks, it's bad luck of bad faith

BYLINE: Allison Retka

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 3239  words


An American dream deeply rooted in their Southeast Asian heritage has led
hundreds of Hmong families to the Ozarks.

After living in urban areas for decades, the families seized an opportunity to
become farmers again. For many, it was the worst mistake of their lives.

The ground here is rocky, but they weren't planning on planting. They had chosen
to become chicken farmers, an unfamiliar business for most of them. But the
Hmong were offered easy access to large loans to make their dreams of returning
to the land come true.

As the families many moved here over the past five years and raised their
chickens, they learned instructive lessons about agriculture, and difficult ones
about finance.

Many saw hefty loan payments sap their profits, then their savings.

Utility bills started going unpaid, groceries could not be bought. Nonprofit
organizations arrived in the Ozarks in 2005, providing emergency relief services
for Hmong families.

A year later, attorneys and farming advocates remain stunned by the extent of
poverty.

"This is probably the worst situation we've ever seen," said Laura Klauke, a
development officer with the Pittsboro, N.C.-based nonprofit Rural Advancement
Foundation International. "The number of people who are in desperate situations.
It's very intense. "

Supporters see parallels between the Hmong chicken farmers' crisis and those of
black and Native American farmers before them. Those cases led to lawsuits
claiming institutional discrimination by the Department of Agriculture. The
Hmong families in the Ozark have begun following suit.

Advocates charge that local banks hoisted unmanageable loans on a vulnerable
group of people who, in many cases, could not speak the English necessary to
negotiate the terms of their loans.

Sunk into debt and struggling to compete in the sometimes-precarious field of
contract poultry farming, some farmers tacked fraud claims onto their eventual
bankruptcy cases. "It's an emotionally draining process for a very proud
culture," said Mark Henry, an Arkansas attorney who has handled Hmong
bankrupcies in Missouri. "And they're still broke. They were, in a way, bankrupt
before the bankruptcy. "

Bad luck, bad crops

Some farmers and bankers in the area say the problem is being overblown. The
Hmong relocated to Missouri without enough information and are simply suffering
the bouts of bad luck and bad crops that all farmers deal with, they add.

"I'm not aware of anything in particular out of the ordinary," said Amy Frantti,
a spokeswoman for US Bank, one of the institutions lending to Hmong farmers in
the Springfield area.

Max Cook, president of the Missouri Bankers Association, a banking industry
lobby out of Jefferson City, had not heard of the Hmong ethnic group and said
the bankruptcies were not an industry issue.

"In my mind, it's interesting," Cook said. "But it's not on the radar screen. "

At the root of the situation is the U.S. Department of Agriculture, the federal
entity that guarantees most of the loans given to the Hmong. For decades,
minority groups have alleged the department shows preference to white farmers
when it comes to securing loans or providing farm assistance.

The department says extensive reviews of poultry loans to the Hmong have turned
up no signs of fraudulent lending, but one farming advocate doesn't buy that
stance. He is starting down the long legal road to lodge a civil rights suit
against the Department of Agriculture on behalf of the Hmong.

Fighting alongside the Hmong again

David Nuttle, the one-man rallying force behind a potential class action against
the department, is not Hmong.

But as a former military operative in Vietnam and Laos in the 1960s, Nuttle
trained Hmong soldiers to aid American military operations. When Nuttle started
a social entrepreneurial charity in 1995 and moved its operations to Tahlequah,
Okla., he met the Hmong again, this time as neighboring farmers.

By Nuttle's count, there are 580 Hmong families in the Ozarks. About 200 of
those families live in southwestern Missouri.

A majority of the Hmong farmers in the area, about 85 percent, are raising
broiler chickens for large meat companies, he said.

That the Hmong entered the poultry business was no accident, Nuttle said.

"There was some propaganda that was put out," he said. "Poultry farms were being
advertised. The advertisements indicated a wonderful country life, reasonable
income, opportunity. "

Rosy information from people promoting the business was sent to Hmong in urban
areas, said Klauke, the development officer with the Rural Advancement
Foundation, and it sounded appealing.

"They'd been in this country for at least a decade or more, in cities, in
factory jobs, and really wanted to get back to land," she said.

Tough business

Contract poultry farming is a notoriously tough business. Once a farmer signs a
contract with an integrator, a poultry company such as Tyson or Cargill Turkey,
the company provides feed and hatchlings and buys back the grown birds. The rest
of the operation - labor, buildings, equipment - is up to the farmer.

Additionally, poultry growers are not paid on an identical scale.

"It's a complex rating system," said Klauke. "It's not a straight 4 cents for
every pound. "

This became problematic for the Hmong, who entered poultry farming as a sole
source of income.

"The contract chicken-raising business is a good supplement for people who have
cattle or other crops," said David Whitson, a staff member with the University
of Missouri Extension Center in Newton County. "It helps, but it's not a
high-dollar income to them. "

Jill Krueger is a staff attorney with the Farmer's Legal Action Group, a
nonprofit legal services organization based in St. Paul, Minn. Her group has
often partnered with RAFI when it came to issues with contract poultry growers.

Krueger said red flags went up four years ago when agriculture nonprofits
started seeing media reports about the Hmong's migration to rural areas of the
Ozarks.

"With our history of work, we put our heads together and said, 'Oh, I'm
worried,'" she said.

Minority loan program

What made Hmong poultry operations possible were loans backed by the Farm
Service Agency, the financial aid arm of the Department of Agriculture.

The FSA will give lenders a 95 percent guarantee on farm operating loans of up
to $899,000. These loans are made available to family farmers and ranchers who
could not otherwise secure loans from banks or creditors.

The department says a percentage of FSA-guaranteed loans are targeted at
beginning farmers and minority applicants.

Applicants must also meet a set of criteria to be eligible for agency loans by
having U.S. citizenship, an acceptable credit history, no delinquency on federal
debt and the legal capacity to handle the terms of the loan.

But for a subsection of lenders in the loan program, it is the bank that reviews
loan documentation and heads the underwriting process.

For these preferred lenders who have a good track record with the federal loan
program, the department performs just a cursory review of the proposed loan,
said Kent Politsch, an FSA spokesman.

Nuttle contended this process gives too much power to the banks.

"What the bankers did was say, 'Here's an opportunity because the loan can get
90 or 95 loan guarantee,' " he said. "They knew that FSA is not going to require
that [the Hmong] have prior farming experience; they're just going to sign off
and provide the guarantee. They also knew FSA almost never even read the
applications, just signed off on them. "

A persistent language barrier also left Hmong farmers nodding their heads "yes"
without understanding what was being agreed to, said Ben Turner, a program
manager with the Institute for Social and Economic Development, based in
Washington, D.C.

Turner said one family had a 16-year-old son translate for his parents while
they signed complex closing documents on a $800,000 loan.

Some attorneys contend the language barrier and unfamiliarity with bank
proceedings clouded the fact that the Hmong were signing suspect loans.

Overstated projected income

One such attorney is Henry, the lawyer from Fayetteville, Ark. Henry has
represented Hmong farmers in 12 bankruptcy proceedings for farms and poultry
operations that have gone under, including seven in Missouri.

Most of the bankruptcy cases have included separate fraud claims against the
banks that did the lending.

Representing the Hmong was sometimes difficult, he said, because while his firm
had the duty to tell farmers how to make the bankruptcy work, it also had to
pursue their fraud claims and remind clients that if the court found the bank
defrauded them on their purchase of the property, monetary damages could be
higher.

Still the Hmong farmers who were eligible for Chapter 12 bankruptcy and had the
opportunity to keep their farms were eager to settle the fraud claims and get
back to work, he said.

"The families' desire to stay on the farm was very strong," Henry said. "The
fraud claim was settled. [The banks] gave generous restructuring loan
opportunities and the family wanted to stay on the farm, so we dropped the tort
claim. "

Shoua Xiong was one Missouri farmer who Henry represented in bankruptcy
proceedings with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Western District of Missouri.

Xiong bought a two-unit turkey farm in 2003 in Purdy, 30 miles southwest of
Springfield and moved in with his wife, six children and two elderly parents. At
the time of purchase, the farm was valued at $565,000, and Xiong obtained
$495,000 in loans from Freedom Bank of Southern Missouri.

The fraud claim within Xiong's bankruptcy case alleges bank representatives
overstated Xiong's projected income and understated the projected expense of
running his farm in a way that induced Xiong to buy the turkey farm and the
federal government to guarantee the loan.

"The Hmong farmers' unfortunate situation is a direct result of lenders
hijacking the [guaranteed loan program] for their own benefit and safety,
instead of that of the family farmer," Henry wrote in the fraud claim.

Freedom Bank did not respond to the fraud allegations in court filings and moved
for settlement in early December 2006.

Henry said the bank agreed to extend the terms of the loan and give Xiong more
time to make his payments.

Xiong's situation has been repeated around the Ozarks. Nuttle has counted at
least 17 bankruptcies of Hmong farms, with more farmers preparing to file for
bankruptcy every week.

"The Hmong are disenchanted with the whole bankruptcy process," Nuttle said.
"They don't think they can obtain justice under the current system, and they're
probably right. "

Class action filed

In February, a class action lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court,
Western District of Arkansas, on behalf of Pao and Ly Her, a Hmong family who
moved from Wisconsin to buy a $1 million turkey farm in Ozark, Ark., in 2004.

The Hers had a poultry contract with ConAgra Foods. After a year of farming,
they did not have the cash to make their loan payments.

The class action, filed against Regions Bank, alleges fraud claims and asks for
class-action status on behalf of all Asian farmers in the United States who
obtained FSA-guaranteed loans through Regions Bank.

Joey Schmidt, a Fort Smith, Ark., attorney representing the Hers, said he could
not comment on the suit beyond court filings.

Regions argued in a March 24 response that income projections are simply
estimates of future events, not actionable promises. Predictions are not facts,
the bank said, so they cannot be misrepresented or fraudulently alleged.

Further, "cultural and language barriers do not create a fiduciary duty on
behalf of Regions," the response said.

Consistency of failure

The Hmong have supplied many poultry farming success stories, Turner said. But
it was the consistency of failures that worried farming advocates.

"When it started, it was happening at the same time," he said of the first
bankruptcies. "How would all these farmers encounter the same financial
difficulties at the same time? The farmers who got in early did OK. And the
others didn't. "

To Nuttle, this indicated that when banks realized the migration of Hmong
farmers to the area was going to continue, they shifted their lending methods to
take advantage of the situation.

"They took well to the business of farming," Turner said of the Hmong. "But
whether they understood the market information, cash flow statements or how much
it takes to run farms is another issue. "

Whitson, the staffer with the University of Missouri Extension Center in Newton
County, has been working with several Hmong farmers in Newton and McDonald
counties on farm management and crop diversification.

Contract poultry farms tend to struggle for the first seven or eight years of
operation, Whitson said. After that, he said, they can be fairly profitable.

But he pointed out the difficulties of contract poultry farming and said most
farms in Southwest Missouri have at least one family member working off the farm
at a job in town to bring in extra income.

"A lot of people who move from the city to get into agriculture, well, there's a
lot of farmers but not a lot of profitable farmers," Whitson said. "If they came
here with the idea they were going to buy a chicken house and not work off the
farm, there's not enough income off of 40-acre farm to support a family. That's
some of the situation that they've run into, not being knowledgeable about that
situation. "

But Klauke, the development officer with the Rural Advancement Foundation, said
the Hmong people's situation goes beyond the regular hardships of farming.

"One of the things we keep hearing from the USDA is that this is a performance
issue," she said. "We haven't found any of the Hmong growers ... who actually
had performance issues.

"Performance alone doesn't explain why we have this number of farmers in
trouble. "

Last week the department acknowledged the growing number of suits and complaints
against banks that are lending to the Hmong.

"The allegations generally contend that lenders, with loans guaranteed by FSA,
have taken inappropriate actions that have caused serious financial stress upon
Hmong poultry producers," the agency said in a statement. "To the extent FSA has
looked at these issues to date, we have been unable to validate the concerns
that have been raised. "

Worse than Pigford

For the farmers who are keeping their heads above water, Klauke said, bankruptcy
is still just around the corner.

"We have one farmer who's doing OK right now," she said. "But we can show him
where in two years he's not going to be able to make his bank payment because of
the loan structure. "

The farm prices were so inflated, Klauke said, that even if Hmong farmers tried
to sell their properties now, they could not make a profit.

The Rural Advancement Foundation works with farmers in disaster areas, including
growers in Katrina-affected Louisiana and farms leveled by tornados on the East
Coast.

"They don't compare to the level of crisis that we have ran up against in the
Ozarks," she said.

Farm advocates said the situation in the Ozarks brings to mind the Pigford case,
a 1997 class-action suit where black farmers sued the Department of Agriculture
for systematically denying them the loans and technical assistance offered to
white farmers.

Krueger said some of the same farm advocates who helped black Southern farmers
with discriminatory lending practices arrived in the Ozarks to help Hmong
farmers.

"Some of those advocates said, 'This is worse than I saw with the Pigford
plaintiffs,' " she said.

In a 1999 settlement in the Pigford case, the department agreed to pay $50,000
to farmers who could prove they endured some type of discrimination occurred
between 1996. The settlement also offered debt forgiveness and preferential
treatment on future loan applications.

But a 2004 report by the National Black Farmers Association found the department
denied payment to thousands of farmers who applied for restitution from the
settlement.

The department was also sued in 1997 by a group of American Indian farmers who
alleged similar discriminatory practices and said the government ignored
repeated civil rights complaints. There is still no trial scheduled for
Keepseagle v. Johanns, which is pending in the U.S. District Court in the
District of Columbia.

Nuttle has begun his case against the Department of Agriculture with a series of
complaint letters that allege, among other things, that the department
wrongfully rejected a grant application he submitted to train Hmong farmers in
farm management. Nuttle had plans to make an educational DVD narrated in the
Hmong language with English subtitles.

The department's Rural Development Administration did provide funding, however,
to Winrock International, a nonprofit organization that provides farming
assistance and training and is based in Little Rock, Ark.

Last November Winrock held a training session for farmers in the Ozarks, a
session that focused on methods to curb energy costs on poultry farms. Of the
100 farmers that attended the session, 20 were Hmong, said Annette Pagan,
managing director for Winrock's U.S. programs.

"Most of the farmers are in their first two or three years in operation," Pagan
said. "As with any small business, that's a very difficult time so what we're
trying to do is introduce them to older, more experienced [poultry] farmers, so
they can learn from each other. They learn better from each other than they do
in formal classroom training. "

Pagan said Winrock has lined up consultants to speak with the Hmong about
diversifying their offerings with specialty farming such as goats and sheep, or
fruit or vegetable gardens.

But some question the effectiveness of the aid programs the department chose to
fund.

"The Hmong have told me Winrock's training is not effective," Nuttle said.
"Notices are not given in sufficient time. A lot of them cannot afford to attend
classes. They can't leave the poultry farms so they can go to class. "

Added Kruger, the attorney with Farmer's Legal Action, "There's a limit to how
much diversification of vegetable gardens can help you finance a $1 million
debt. "

Facts needed

The Department of Agriculture says it is concerned about the fraud allegations
coming out of the Ozarks but said it has not seen any evidence of fraud or
improprieties in the loan process.

"If the agency determines that a lender committed fraud in obtaining a loan
guarantee, the guarantee is void," said Politsch, spokesman for the Farm Service
Agency. "In such cases, if the lender suffers a loss, the agency will not pay a
loss claim on the guarantee. However, any actions the agency takes will be based
upon facts, not allegations and innuendo. "

Until the Arkansas class action moves forward or Nuttle's civil rights complaint
against the Department of Agriculture progresses, allegations and innuendo may
be all that Hmong farmers have to go on.

"It's hard, because this is not a crisis that will go away in two weeks," said
Klauke. "It's long term. We've had a hard time convincing people this was real.
"

For the Hmong, the bankrupt farms and shaky finances have been a sharp taste of
reality for an immigrant group who came to the United States seeking refuge and
prosperity.

"Many have been successful [before they started farming]," Krueger said. "They
sunk a lot of their life savings into this and it's just evaporated.

"There's certainly a segment of the community that's saying, 'Look, we need
justice. '"

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Financing

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             414 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

USDA Frees Up $333M to Guarantee More Farm Loans

                             July 6, 1999, Tuesday

Alan Kline


The U.S. Department of Agriculture is freeing up $333 million to meet
unprecedented demand for government-backed farm loans.

Agriculture Department Secretary Dan Glickman said last week that the agency is
shifting funds from its underused direct-lending program into an indirect
program that provides guarantees to banks that lend to farmers. Demand for farm
loans is up 70% so far this year, leaving the $1.3 billion indirect program out
of money with three months left in the fiscal year.

"We have already exhausted the additional emergency loan and guaranteed
operating loan funds provided in the supplemental appropriations bill" signed by
President Clinton in May, Mr. Glickman said.

The demand is being fueled by continued low crop prices. Making less on their
crops, farmers are borrowing more to keep farms operating.

The banking industry applauded the USDA's decision to reallocate funds. John
Blanchfield, manager of the agricultural bankers division at the American
Bankers Association, said applications are backed up all over the country
because the money to guarantee loans ran out.

"This is going to clear up a huge backlog and get us through the rest of the
fiscal year," he said.

Copyright c 1999 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: MARKET MONITOR; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 218 words

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 American Banker, Inc.


                             415 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                October 19, 1992

1st Public Offer For Farmrer Mac

BYLINE: By BILL LIEBTAG

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 841 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp. (Farmer Mac) has successfully marketed
its first public offering of mortgage-backed securities.

The $ 87.908 million issue, formed from a pool of 374 high-grade agricultural
loans, carried pass-through rates of 5.25% for securities due 1998, and 6.75%
for those due 2001 and 2004.

Pricing was in line with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac securities of comparable
maturities and 100-105 basis points over comparable Treasuries.

"The issue was very well received.  It sold out shortly after offering.  There
is definitely a market in the future for this type of security," said Rob
Brennan, vice-president of mortgage-backed securities at Donaldson, Lufkin &
Jenrette.

DLJ underwrote the offering which was backed by a pool of agricultural real
estate mortgages formed by Equitable Agri-Business Inc., a specified Farmer Mac
pooler.

Mr. Brennan noted that the pool was of "very high, investment-quality
mortgages," and that this, plus Equitable's reputation and the guarantee feature
drew strong investor interest from banks, money managers, insurance companies
and pension funds.

Banks and money managers were heavy buyers in the shorter Farmer Mac maturities.

"The security can satisfy their liquidity needs and help balance commercial
income-producing portfolio, as well as help restructure capital and satisfy
regulatory capital requirements," said Mr. Brennan.

Following the offering, Equitable Agri-Business indicated a further interest in
using the Farmer Mac secondary market as a competitive source of funds to
support its ongoing agricultural lending operations.

"The economics of Farmer Mac programs will enhance our own ongoing agricultural
mortgage lending programs," noted Equitable president Craig Johns.

"Offering the mortgage-backed securities directly to public investors for the
first time in this transaction demonstrates the versatility of the Farmer Mac
program in meeting the needs of different participants, and shows that the
guaranteed securities can be readily sold to investors at competitive rates,"
said Farmer Mac president Henry Edelman.

A number of commercial banks involved in agricultural lending have not been able
to find poolers, however, who will bring their loans into the Farmer Mac
program, according to Farmer Mac vice president Thomas R. Clark.

Farmer Mac currently is trying to match more of these agricultural banks to
certified poolers, such as Equitable.

"Up to now," said Mr. Clark, "certified poolers, such as Equitable and
Prudential, have been relying on their own networks of banks to supply
agricultural loans that may then be used in the Farmer Mac program."

These banks have long-standing relationships with the poolers, and there has
been some resistance on the part of certified poolers to accept loans from banks
they haven't done business with in the past or who are outside of their network,
he explained.

"We're hoping to broaden the supply lines by helping to match banks with
potential poolers.

"Any bank that makes a good agricultural loan should have a secondary outlet for
it," he said.

Mr. Clark added that success of Farmer Mac's first MBS offering and the approval
of new certified poolers should encourage more formations in the future.

There were five classes to Farmer Mac's first public offering.

Three were structured as sequential-pay principal and interest securities and
two were registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission and issued in
book-entry form using the Depository Trust Company.

Maturities of the loads in the pool range from six months to about 12 years.
The average maturity of the guaranteed securities is approximately six years.

The pool, which represented only a portion of the agricultural loan portfolio of
the Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States, was secured by
agricultural real estate loans in 28 states.

The total principal amount of the qualified loans in the pool is $ 98 million.

The loans in the pool are distributed among all 10 of the Farmer Mac geographic
regions and represent farm commodities in 11 of the 16 Farmer Mac commodity
categories.

This was the fourth pool of agricultural mortgage loans under the Farmer Mac I
program, and brings the total volume of mortgage-backed securities guaranteed by
Farmer Mac to $ 700 million.

Previous offerings under the program involved the issuance of debt securities
under Farmer Mac's Linked Portfolio Strategy.

Funds from the sale of debt securities were used by the Farmer Mac Mortgage
Securities Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of Farmer Mac, to purchase the
unregistered guaranteed mortgage-backed securities in private placement
transactions.

Three other agricultural mortgage loan pools with a total principal balance of $
580 million were previously completed in the Farmer Mac I program.

More than 1,900 loans were included in those pools, representing farms located
in all 10 of the Farmer Mac growing regions producing commodities in 14 of the
16 farmer Mac commodity categories.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             416 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 25, 2016 Friday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Request for Extension of a Currently Approved
Information Collection

LENGTH: 639  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of
Request for Extension of a Currently Approved Information Collection AGENCY:
Rural Business-Cooperative Service, USDA. ACTION: Proposed collection; Comments
requested.

----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the Rural Business-Cooperative Service's (RBS) intention to request an extension
of a currently approved information collection in support of the program 7 CFR
part 4279-B, '' Guaranteed Loanmaking--Business and Industry Loans.'' DATES:
Comments on this notice must be received by May 24, 2016 to be assured of
consideration. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Ginger Allen, Business and
Industry Loan Processing Branch, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, STOP 3224, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Washington, DC
20250-3224. Telephone: (202) 690-0309. The TDD number is (800) 877-8339 or (202)
708-9300. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Title: Guaranteed Loanmaking--Business and
Industry Loans. OMB Number: 0570-0017. Expiration Date of Approval: August 31,
2016. Type of Request: Extension of a currently approved information collection.
Abstract: The Business and Industry (B&I) Guaranteed Loan Program was legislated
in 1972 under section 310B of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act,
as amended. The purpose of the program is to improve, develop, or finance
businesses, industries, and employment and improve the economic and
environmental climate in rural communities. This purpose is achieved through
bolstering the existing private credit structure through the guaranteeing of
quality loans made by lending institutions, thereby providing lasting community
benefits. Estimate of Burden: Public reporting for this collection of
information is estimated to average 2 hours per response. Respondents: Business
or other for-profit; State, Local or Tribal; Lenders, accountants, attorneys.
Estimated Number of Respondents: 413. Estimated Number of Responses per
Respondent: 1. Estimated Number of Responses: 5,384. Estimated Total Annual
Burden on Respondents: 13,349 hours. Copies of this information collection can
be obtained from Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch,
Support Services Division at (202) 692-0040. Comments Comments are invited on:
(a) Whether the proposed collection of information is necessary for the proper
performance of the functions of RBS, including whether the information will have
practical utility; (b) the accuracy of RBS's estimate of the burden of the
proposed collection of information including the validity of the methodology and
assumptions used; (c) ways to enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the
information to be collected; and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the
collection of information on those who are to respond, including through the use
of appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological
collection techniques or other forms of information technology. Comments may be
sent to Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, Support
Services Division, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Rural Development, STOP 0742,
1400 Independence Ave. SW., Washington, DC 20250. All responses to this notice
will be summarized and included in the request for OMB approval. All comments
will also become a matter of public record. Dated: February 25, 2016. William C.
Smith, Acting Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service. [FR Doc.
2016-06767 Filed 3-24-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             417 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                  The Clinch County News (Homerville, Georgia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 25, 2015

Local growers invited to grant and assistance meeting

BYLINE: The Clinch County News staff

LENGTH: 272  words


The Clinch County Development Authority and Clinch County Extension Agency
welcome all Clinch County growers to attend a Clinch County Grower Workshop to
learn about grant and assistance program. The workshop is Thursday, March 5 from
6-7:30 p.m. at the Historic Station No. 11 Depot in Homerville.

The following representatives from the United States Department of Agriculture
(USDA) will discuss assistance programs:

Al Burns, Rural Development

Value-Added Producer Grant- helps agricultural producers enter into value-added
activities related to the processing and/or marketing of bio-based, value-added
products. Generating new products, creating and expanding marketing
opportunities, and increasing producer income are the goals of this program

Rural Energy for America Program- provides grants and loan guarantees to
agricultural producers and rural small businesses to help purchase renewable
energy systems, make energy efficiency improvements and perform renewable energy
feasibility studies

Terrie Wolford, Farm Service Agency

Farm Service Agency assistance programs

Stan Moore, Soil Conservation

National Resources Conservation Service technical services available

Environmental Quality Incentives Program

Woodrow Clemons, Farm Loan Officer

Direct loans, guaranteed loans, micro loans and youth loans

All Clinch County blueberry growers, produce farmers, beekeepers and any other
agriculture-related entities are welcome to attend. There is no charge for the
event, and dinner will be served.

Contact ReKasa Hart to RSVP by March 3 at 912-487-6572 or rhart@grow-clinch.com

Visit www.GrowClinch.com/GrowerWorkshop for more information.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CCH

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2015 The Clinch County News


                             418 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   January 26, 1994, Wednesday, METRO EDITION

Farmer credit plan unveiled

BYLINE: By Theresa Boyle Special to The Star

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 264 words

DATELINE: ST. CATHARINES


   ST. CATHARINES - The provincial government has unveiled an investment and
loan program designed to ease the credit crunch faced in rural Ontario.

"It's the kind of catalyst to help put Ontario's rural economy back on the path
to self-reliance and growth," Agriculture and Food Minister Elmer Buchanan
yesterday told a news conference as he announced the creation of the Farmplus
Plan.

Under the plan, agricultural guaranteed investment certificates, starting in
denominations of $500, will be available for sale at credit unions and caisses
populaires across the province.

Money raised will be made available for loans for agriculture-related ventures
in the same communities where the cash is raised.

The certificates will offer the same terms and conditions that exist for regular
GICs, including RRSP eligibility.

A provincial government guarantee will back the first $50 million in loans,
which Buchanan noted will be made available at reasonable rates and on flexible
terms.

Because of the government guarantee, loans will be made for projects that might
not otherwise be financed.

Farmers can apply for loans and mortgages of up to $500,000 to consolidate farm
debt, buy farm real estate and construct or improve farm buildings.

Farmers and rural businesses can also apply for loans to cover capital costs
associated with on-farm, value-added ventures and off-farm, farm-related
machinery and equipment.

The plan, developed in consultation with farmers, was lauded by Roger George,
president of the Ontario Federation of Agriculture.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1994 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             419 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                             April 25, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Ag loan program off chopping block: Loans to $3Mfor co-operativesguaranteed

BYLINE: Saskatchewan News Network; Regina Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 231  words

DATELINE: REGINA


REGINA -- A federal farm improvement loans program is off the chopping block
indefinitely.

The 2005 federal budget cancelled the Farm Improvement and Marketing
Co-operatives Loans Act, a program that was most popular in Saskatchewan. But,
weeks later, the then-Liberal agriculture minister said the program would be
extended and examined.

On Monday, the Conservative government announced the program will continue for
now.

"The program was set to end on March 31, 2006, but farmers and agricultural
co-operatives have told us they need a loan program in their communities," said
Tory Agriculture Minister Chuck Strahl in a statement.

"Our challenge now is to explore how the program can work better for them."

The program is designed to make loans more readily available to producers and
co-operatives. Loans up to $250,000 for producers and $3 million for
co-operatives owned by active producers are guaranteed by the federal
government.

The program encourages investment in areas such as new machinery, livestock,
buildings and technology, with the purpose being to help producers strengthen
production and improve the financial viability of their farms.

The government said the program will remain in place as officials consult with
groups about how it can better meet the needs of users. Agriculture Canada
officials will present their recommendations to Strahl this summer.

(REGINA LEADER-POST)

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             420 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Federally Sponsored Enterprises Lack Oversight

                           April 22, 1987, Wednesday

By THOMAS H. STANTON; Thomas H. Stanton is a partner in the Washington law firm
of Wellford, Wegman & Hoff.


AFTER YEARS OF PROVIDING a secondary market for farm loans, especially farm
mortgages, the Farm Credit System stands on the brink of collapse. Billions of
dollars worth of system loans are nonperforming, with the recorded amounts
growing each quarter.

Last-ditch legislative efforts to shore up the system, including measures to
strengthen its federal regulator, have failed to stem the rising tide of red
ink.

While the difficulties of the Farm Credit System arise partly from its
particular structure, they also may reflect more pervasive problems common to
the system and other government-sponsored enterprises. These enterprises are
federally chartered, privately owned corporations that help encourage the flow
of more than half a trillion dollars of federally supported credit to favored
borrowers, including farmers, students, home buyers, and thrift institutions.

Like the Farm Credit System, the other government-sponsored enterprises - the
Federal National Mortgage Association, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp., the
Student Loan Marketing Association, and the Federal Home Loan Banks - are
limited by law to dealing in a narrow range of assets. Fannie Mae and Freddie
Mac, for example, provide a secondary market for home mortgages, while Sallie
Mae largely is limited to dealing in student loans.

To finance these loans, government-sponsored enterprises typically borrow large
amounts of money at favorable rates in the so-called agency debt market. Their
perceived special relationship with the federal government, amounting to an
implicit federal guarantee, enables government sponsored enterprises to float
debt close to rates at which the Treasury itself borrows.

The corporations, in turn, may pass on much of the benefit of their lower
borrowing costs to their prescribed sectors of the economy. Moreover, the
federal government does not charge for its implicit guarantee, and the
government-sponsored enterprises have tended to be very profitable to their
shareholders.

Charters Both Bane, Blessing

It is ironic, then, that the federal charters that allow government sponsored
enterprises to profit from funding special groups of individuals and businesses
cheaply also may be the source of their financial instability. While
government-sponsored enterprises may invest tens of billions of dollars in
specific kinds of assets, they in turn forfeit the security of a diversified
portfolio.

Without such diversity, changing economic conditions suddenly may overtake a
government-sponsored enterprise. The Farm Credit System reported substantial
increases in net worth and profitability until 1983, when the system's regulator
first reported repayment problems with Farm Credit System loans.

By 1985, the regulator announced that the system could not stay afloat without
billions of dollars of aid. The system had about two-thirds of its assets
concentrated in farmland loans, making it extremely vulnerable to the sudden
drop in farm incomes and land values.

Moreover, specialization in particular assets such as long-term mortgages can
make the consequences of unmanaged interest rate risk much more serious for a
government-sponsored enterprise than for an institution dealing in a variety of
assets with varying maturities.

In the late 1970s, Fannie Mae, which had been highly profitable, experienced a
costly interest rate mismatch as the higher rates suddenly demanded for its
shorter-term borrowings exceeded the rates it was getting on billions of dollars
of long-term home mortgages.

After several difficult years, Fannie Mae has reduced its mismatch and relied
increasingly upon issuing guaranteed mortgage-backed securities that use
implicit federal backing but do not expose the corporation to interest rate
risk.

These risk problems are compounded by the government-sponsored enterprises'
perceived special relationship with the federal government, which permits them
to borrow large amounts of money cheaply. This implicit federal guarantee
becomes a mixed blessing as investors look to the federal relationship, rather
than to the balance sheet of the government sponsored, to indicate its
creditworthiness.

Government Backing Obligatory

Over time, the market can become even more confident about the government's
backing for obligations of government sponsored enterprises. As the value of
outstanding government-sponsored enterprise obligations and guaranteed
securities increases, the federal government faces a growing practical and moral
obligation to stand behind these securities.

When the Continental Illinois National Bank and Trust Company of Chicago failed,
Comptroller of the Currency C. Todd Conover told Congress that because of their
size alone, the federal government could not permit the failure of the nation's
largest money center banks. In asset size, Continental Illinois was much smaller
than Fannie Mae, the Federal Home Loan Bank System, or the Farm Credit System;
so are most big money center banks.

The widespread perception of government backing deprives government sponsored
enterprises of much of the market discipline that could help assure financial
soundness. To prevent potential financial problems from evolving into threats to
their institutional survival, such enterprises require especially careful
supervision and regulation.

Yet, the regulation of these enterprises is of poor quality compared to banks
and even thrifts. The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, Fannie
Mae's regulator, has told the General Accounting Office that it does not have
the capacity or expertise to oversee Fannie Mae's financial condition.

The Federal Home Loan Bank Board is both the regulator and the board of
directors of Freddie Mac. When the Bank Board is distracted, Freddie Mac loses
the attention of its board of directors and its regulator at the same time.

Engrossed in its other responsibilities to the Federal Savings and Loan
Insurance Corp., the Federal Home Loan Banks, and the insured thrift industry,
the Bank Board has let Freddie Mac drift for over a year without a permanent
chief executive officer. Until the 1985 remedial legislation, the Farm Credit
System banks dominated their regulator, the Farm Credit Administration. Finally,
Sallie Mae essentially has no regulator at all.

Size Is Oversight Dilemma

The vast size of these federally sponsored institutions poses an additional
problem for the federal government. Government-sponsored enterprises were
created to serve particular sectors of the economy in need of financial support.
Yet, without periodic congressional oversight, some of these enterprises may
cease to serve the most significant public needs.

The Federal Home Loan Bank System offers a prime example. Originally established
to provide advances of credit to thrift institutions to lower the cost of
mortgage money to home buyers, the system today primarily provides inexpensive
money to thrift institutions.

Unlike the strictly policed credit advances from the Federal Reserve System to
member banks, these Home Loan Bank advances are not targeted to the thrifts most
needing assistance; instead, they provide low-cost, longer-term funds for
thrifts that are doing relatively well, and especially the very large thrifts.
There is no clear public purpose served by this allocation of federally
subsidized credit, currently amounting to about $110 billion.

Even if it may be too late for the Farm Credit System, there is a host of
options that could set the other government-sponsored enterprises on firmer
footing. For example, by centralizing regulatory supervision of these
enterprises, the federal government could develop expertise necessary to
regulate them and their massive commitments of funds.

A new regulator with statutory authority over all government-sponsored
enterprises might be established in the Treasury Department, in addition to the
small office now scheduling issuances of Treasury and government sponsored
enterprise securities.

Congress also can protect taxpayers by establishing an effective legislative
framework for regulating financial soundness of the government sponsored
enterprises and for periodically reviewing their fulfillment of the most
important public purposes. A number of improvements suggest themselves.

Monitoring Financial Soundness

First, financial soundness must be monitored and reported. The financial
disclosure requirements that have been recommended for federally insured deposit
institutions and which would use market-value accounting and reporting, might be
piloted with the balance sheets of government sponsored enterprises.

The General Accounting Office also might be required periodically to investigate
asset quality and interest rate risk of each of these enterprises for Congress,
regulators, and investors.

Second, disclosure can help the government address the costs and benefits of
government-sponsored enterprises. The government's contingent liability for
risks of the activities of these enterprises might be quantified in a
comprehensive annual federal credit budget.

Congress also might establish ceilings on the volume of guaranteed securities
and debt obligations that each enterprise may issue under its authorizing
statute; review of the ceilings would promote periodic congressional oversight
as an enterprise expands within its designated market.

Finally, each government-sponsored enterprise charter act might include a
long-term sunset provision, again to foster periodic discussion about the costs
and benefits of the activities of the enterprise.

Unfortunately, the administration has failed to address the structural issues
inherent in creation and operation of these enterprises.

Instead, the Office of Management and Budget unsuccessfully sought user fees on
government-sponsored enterprise borrowings to offset their privileged borrowing
status. Congress rejected that approach, which fails to promote either the
financial soundness or the public purpose of these enterprises.

This year, the administration will propose removing government sponsored
enterprise borrowing status from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac; failing that, the
Office of Management and Budget wants Congress to restrict the size of home
mortgages they buy.

Treasury and OMB officials periodically express unhappiness about the
government's contingent liability for government-sponsored enterprise
obligations and potential crowding out of commercial competitors. But they don't
weigh these costs against the benefits of each enterprise, including their
ability to lower the cost of home ownership, student loans, or farm credit.

No Additional Federal Deficit

The need for capable federal regulation is especially important because of the
increasing temptation for the government to create new enterprises, often
without attention to issues of financial soundness and regulatory oversight.
Government-sponsored enterprises are particularly attractive in the present
budgetary environment because they allocate their implicit subsidy to their
intended borrowers without adding to the recorded federal deficit.

The administration has proposed a new enterprise called the Financing Corp. to
recapitalize the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corp. by purchasing billions
of dollars of FSLIC securities of dubious value. Unfortunately, the current
legislative proposal fails to assure long-term financial viability of this
enterprise. It could create an enormous financial burden for the federal
government in the event of failure.

If thrift institution assessments fail to meet Treasury's optimistic predictions
for funding interest payments on the Financing Corp.'s agency status debt,
creditors will turn to the corporation's assets. Under the present legislative
proposal, these assets would be mostly FSLIC securities, backed by insufficient
capital of a FSLIC fund depleted by payoffs to depositors of insolvent thrift
institutions. As one financial analyst notes, Financing Corp. obligations
promise to be the junk bonds of the government-sponsored enterprise agency
credit market.

Congress is considering other new government-sponsored enterprises as well. The
House last year passed legislation to create a Corporation for Small Business
Investment, a government-sponsored enterprise to promote small business
investment, again without regard to the credit quality of the assets it would
purchase. Fortunately, the Senate declined to enact the corporation in that form
and left the issue for more careful consideration this year. Congress also is
considering a new enterprise to provide a secondary market for farm mortgages.

Even as the Farm Credit System winds down, it is safe to say that
government-sponsored enterprises will continue their growth well beyond the
half-trillion dollar mark. It is time for Treasury, the OMB, and Congress
systematically to address the policy and regulatory issues raised by these
enterprises so they provide their benefits to the most deserving parts of the
economy without unnecessarily risking taxpayer money in the process.

SECTION: COUNSELOR'S CORNER; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 2189 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1987 American Banker, Inc.


                             421 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday

Funding Availabilities: Rural Energy for America Program for Federal Fiscal Year
2017

LENGTH: 7781  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)



  Action



 Notice.

 Summary



 The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (the Agency) announces the acceptance of
applications under the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) which is designed
to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses reduce energy costs
and consumption and help meet the Nation's critical energy needs. REAP have two
types of funding assistance: (1) Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency
Improvements Assistance, and (2) Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development
Assistance Grants.





 The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Assistance
provides grants and guaranteed loans to agricultural producers and rural small
businesses to purchase and install renewable energy systems and make energy
efficiency improvements to their operations. Eligible renewable energy systems
for REAP provide energy from: Wind, solar, renewable biomass (including
anaerobic digesters), small hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen
derived from these renewable resources.



 The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is available
to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a State,
Tribal, or local government; institution of higher education; rural electric
cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as defined in 16 U.S.C. 3451.
The recipient of grant funds, grantee, will establish a program to assist
agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the energy
efficiency and the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies into
their operations.

 Dates



 See under SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION section.

 For Further Information Contact



 The applicable USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator for your respective
State, as identified via the following link:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf.



 For information about this Notice, please contact Maureen Hessel, Business Loan
and Grant Analyst, USDA Rural Development, Energy Division, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Stop 3225, Room 6870, Washington, DC 20250. Telephone: (202)
401-0142. Email: maureen.hessel@wdc.usda.gov

 Supplementary Information

 I. Program Description



 The Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) helps agricultural producers and
rural small businesses reduce energy costs and consumption and helps meet the
Nation's critical energy needs. REAP has two types of funding assistance: (1)
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvements Assistance and (2)
Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants.



 The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvements Assistance
provides grants and guaranteed loans to agricultural producers and rural small
businesses for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements.
Eligible renewable energy systems for REAP provide energy from: Wind, solar,
renewable biomass (including anaerobic digesters), small hydro-electric, ocean,
geothermal, or hydrogen derived from these renewable resources.



 The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is available
to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a State,
Tribal, or local government; institution of higher education; rural electric
cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as defined in 16 U.S.C. 3451.
The recipient of grant funds, (grantee), will establish a program to assist
agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the energy
efficiency and the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies into
their operations.



 A. General. Applications for REAP can be submitted any time throughout the
year. This Notice announces the deadline times and dates that applications have
to be received to be considered for REAP funds provided by the Agricultural Act
of 2014, (2014 Farm Bill), and any appropriated funds that REAP may receive from
the appropriation for Federal fiscal year (FY) 2017 for grants, guaranteed
loans, and combined grants and guaranteed loans to purchase and install
renewable energy systems, and make energy efficiency improvements; and for
grants to conduct energy audits and renewable energy development assistance.



 The administrative requirements in effect at the time the application window
closes for a competition will be applicable to each type of funding available
under REAP and are described in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B. In addition to the
other provisions of this Notice:



 (1) The provisions specified in 7 CFR 4280.101 through 4280.111 apply to each
funding type described in this Notice.



 (2) The requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.112 through 4280.124 apply to
renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements project grants.



 (3) The requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.125 through 4280.152 apply to
guaranteed loans for renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements
projects. For Federal FY 2017, the guarantee fee amount is one percent of the
guaranteed portion of the loan, and the annual renewal fee is one-quarter of 1
percent (0.250 percent) of the guaranteed portion of the loan.



 (4) The requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.165 apply to a combined grant and
guaranteed loan for renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements
projects.



 (5) The requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.186 through 4280.196 apply to
energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants.

 II. Federal Award Information



 A. Statutory Authority. This program is authorized under 7 U.S.C. 8107.



 B. Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number. 10.868.



 C. Funds Available. This Notice is announcing deadline times and dates for
applications to be submitted for REAP funds provided by the 2014 Farm Bill and
any appropriated funds that REAP may receive from the congressional enactment of
a full-year appropriation for Federal FY 2017. This Notice is being published
prior to the congressional enactment of a full-year appropriation for Federal FY
2017. The Agency will continue to process applications received under this
announcement and should REAP receive appropriated funds, these funds will be
announced on the following Web site:
www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rural-energy-america-program-renewable-energy-
systems-energy-efficiency, and are subject to the same provisions in this
Notice.



 To ensure that small projects have a fair opportunity to compete for the
funding and are consistent with the priorities set forth in the statute, the
Agency will set-aside 20 percent of the Federal FY 2017 funds until June 30,
2017, to fund grants of $20,000 or less.



 (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements grant-funds.
There will be allocations of grant funds to each Rural Development State Office
for renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements applications. The
State allocations will include an allocation for grants of $20,000 or less funds
and an allocation of grant funds that can be used to fund renewable energy
system and energy efficiency improvements applications for either grants of
$20,000 or less or grants of more than $20,000, as well as the grant portion of
a combination grant and guaranteed loan. These funds are commonly referred to as
unrestricted grant funds. The funds for grants of $20,000 or less can only be
used to fund grants requesting $20,000 or less.



 (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements loan guarantee
funds. Rural Development's National Office will maintain a reserve of guaranteed
loan funds.



 (3) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements combined grant
and guaranteed loan funds. The amount of funds available for combined grant and
guaranteed loan applications are outlined in paragraphs II.(C)(1) and II.(C)(2)
of this Notice.



 (4) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grant funds. The
amount of funds available for energy audits and renewable energy development
assistance in Federal FY 2017 will be 4 percent of Federal FY 2017 mandatory
funds and will be maintained in a National Office reserve. Obligations of these
funds will take place through March 31, 2017. Any unobligated balances will be
moved to the renewable energy budget authority account, and may be utilized in
any of the renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements national
competitions.



 D. Approximate Number of Awards. The estimated number of awards is 1,000 based
on the historical average grant size and the anticipated mandatory funding of
$50 million for Federal FY 2017, but will depend on the actual amount of funds
made available and on the number of eligible applicants participating in this
program.



 E. Type of Instrument. Grant, guaranteed loan, and grant/guaranteed loan
combinations.

 III. Eligibility Information



 The eligibility requirements for the applicant, borrower, lender, and project
(as applicable) are clarified in 7 CFR part 4280 subpart B, and are summarized
in this Notice. Failure to meet the eligibility criteria by the time of the
competition window may result in the Agency reviewing an application, but will
preclude the application from receiving funding until all criteria have been
met.



 A. Eligible Applicants. This solicitation is for agricultural producers and
rural small businesses, as well as units of State, Tribal, or local government;
instrumentalities of a State, Tribal, or local government; institutions of
higher education; rural electric cooperatives; public power entities; and
councils, as defined in 16 U.S.C. 3451, which serve agricultural producers and
rural small businesses. To be eligible for the grant portion of the program, an
applicant must meet the requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.109, 7 CFR
4280.110, and 7 CFR 4280.112, or 7 CFR 4280.186, as applicable.



 B. Eligible Lenders and Borrowers. To be eligible for the guaranteed portion of
the program, lenders and borrowers must meet the eligibility requirements in 7
CFR 4280.125 and 7 CFR 4280.127, as applicable.



 C. Eligible Projects. To be eligible for this program, a project must meet the
eligibility requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.113, 7 CFR 4280.128, and 7 CFR
4280.187, as applicable.



 D. Cost Sharing or Matching. The 2014 Farm Bill mandates the maximum
percentages of funding that REAP can provide. Additional clarification is
provided in paragraphs IV.F.(1) through (3).



 (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements funding.
Requests for guaranteed loan and combined grant and guaranteed loan will not
exceed 75 percent of eligible project costs, with any Federal grant portion not
to exceed 25 percent of the total eligible project costs, whether the grant is
part of a combination request or is a grant-only.



 (2) Energy audit and renewable energy development funds. Requests for the
energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants, will indicate
that the grantee that conducts energy audits must require that, as a condition
of providing the energy audit, the agricultural producer or rural small business
pay at least 25 percent of the cost of the energy audit. The Agency recommended
practice for on farm energy audits, audits for agricultural producers, ranchers,
and farmers is the American Society of Agricultural and Biological Engineers
S612 Level II audit. This audit conforms with program standards used by the
Natural Resource Conservation Service. An applicant that has received one or
more grants under this program must make satisfactory progress as indicated in 7
CFR 4280.100, which has been determined by the Agency to be the expenditure of
50 percent or more of the previously awarded grant by January 31, 2017, to be
considered eligible for subsequent funding.



 E. Other. Ineligible project costs can be found in 7 CFR 4280.114(d), 7 CFR
4280.129(f), and 7 CFR 4280.188(c), as applicable. The U.S. Department of
Agriculture Departmental Regulations and Laws that contain other compliance
requirements are referenced in paragraphs VI.B.(1) through (3), and IV.F of this
Notice. Applicants who have been found to be in violation of applicable Federal
statutes will be ineligible.

 IV. Application and Submission Information



 A. Address to Request Application Package. Application materials may be
obtained by contacting one of Rural Development's Energy Coordinators, as
identified via the following link:
www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. In addition, for grant
applications, applicants may obtain electronic grant applications for REAP from
www.grants.gov.



 B. Content and Form of Application Submission. Applicants seeking to
participate in this program must submit applications in accordance with this
Notice and 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B. Applicants must submit complete
applications by the dates identified in Section IV.C. of this Notice, containing
all parts necessary for the Agency to determine applicant and project
eligibility, to score the application, and to conduct the technical evaluation,
as applicable, in order to be considered.



 (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements grant
application.



 (a) Information for the required content of a grant application to be
considered complete is found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B.



 (i) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvements projects with total project costs of $80,000 or less must provide
information required by 7 CFR 4280.119.



 (ii) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvements projects with total project costs of $200,000 or less, but more
than $80,000, must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.118.



 (iii) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvements projects with total project costs of greater than $200,000 must
provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.117.



 (iv) Grant applications for energy audits or renewable energy development
assistance grant applications must provide information required by 7 CFR
4280.190.



 (b) All grant applications must be submitted either as hard copy to the
appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator in the State in which the
applicant's proposed project is located, or electronically using the
Government-wide www.grants.gov Web site.



 (i) Applicants submitting a grant application as a hard copy must submit one
original to the appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator in the State in
which the applicant's proposed project is located. A list of USDA Rural
Development Energy Coordinators is available via the following link:
www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf.



 (ii) Applicants submitting a grant application to the Agency via www.grants.gov
(Web site) will find information about submitting an application electronically
through the Web site, and may download a copy of the application package to
complete it off line, upload and submit the completed application, including all
necessary assurances and certifications, via www.grants.gov. After
electronically submitting an application through the Web site, the applicant
will receive an automated acknowledgement from www.grants.gov that contains a
www.grants.gov tracking number. USDA Rural Development strongly recommends that
applicants do not wait until the application deadline date to begin the
application process through www.grants.gov.



 (c) After successful applicants are notified of the intent to make a Federal
award, applicants must meet the requirements of 7 CFR 4280.122 (a) through (h)
for the grant agreement to be executed.



 (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements guaranteed loan
application.



 (a) Information for the content required for a guaranteed loan application to
be considered complete is found in 7 CFR 4280.137.



 (b) All guaranteed loan applications must be submitted as a hard copy to the
appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator in the State in which the
applicant's proposed project is located. A list of USDA Rural Development Energy
Coordinators is available via the following link:
www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf.



 (c) After successful applicants are notified of the intent to make a Federal
award, borrowers must meet the conditions prior to issuance of loan note
guarantee as outlined in of 7 CFR 4280.142.



 (3) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements combined
guaranteed loan and grant application.



 (a) Information for the content required for a combined guaranteed loan and
grant application to be considered complete is found in 7 CFR 4280.165(c).



 (b) All combined guaranteed loan and grant application applications must be
submitted as hard copy to the appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator
in the State in which the applicant's proposed project is located. A list of
USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinators is available via the following link:
www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf.



 (c) After successful applicants are notified of the intent to make a Federal
award, applicants must meet the requirements, including the requisite forms and
certifications, specified in 7 CFR 4280.117, 4280.118, 4280.119, and 4280.137,
as applicable, for the issuance of a grant agreement and loan note guarantee.



 (4) Energy audits or renewable development assistance grant applications.



 (a) Grant applications for energy audits or renewable energy development
assistance must provide the information required by 7 CFR 4280.190 to be
considered a complete application.



 (b) All energy audits or renewable development assistance grant applications
must be submitted either as hard copy to the appropriate Rural Development
Energy Coordinator in the State in which the applicant's proposed project is
located, or electronically using the Government-wide www.grants.gov Web site.
Instructions for submission of the application can be found at section IV.B. of
this Notice.



 (c) After successful applicants are notified of the intent to make a Federal
award, applicants must meet the requirements of 7 CFR 4280.195 for the grant
agreement to be executed.



 5. Dun and Bradstreet Universal Numbering System (DUNS) Number and System for
Award Management (SAM). All applicants, unless exempt under 2 CFR 25.110, or who
have an exception approved by the Federal awarding agency under 2 CFR 25.110(d),
are required to:



 (a) Be registered in SAM prior to submitting an application; which can be
obtained at no cost via a toll-free request line at (866) 705-5711 or online at
fedgov.dnb.com /webform.



 (b) Provide a valid DUNS number in its application.



 (c) Continue to maintain an active SAM registration with current information at
all times during which it has an active Federal award or an application under
consideration by the Agency.



 (d) If an applicant has not fully complied with the requirements of IV.C. (1)
through (3) at the time the Agency is ready to make an award, the Agency may
determine the applicant is not eligible to receive the award.



 C. Submission Dates and Times. Grant applications, guaranteed loan-only
applications, and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial
assistance provided by the 2014 Farm Bill for Federal FY 2017, and for
appropriated funds that REAP may receive from the appropriation for Federal FY
2017, may be submitted at any time on an ongoing basis. When an application
window closes, the next application window opens on the following day. This
Notice establishes the deadline dates for the applications to be received in
order to be considered for funding. If an application window falls on a
Saturday, Sunday, or Federal holiday, the application package is due the next
business day. An application received after these dates will be considered with
other applications received in the next application window. In order to be
considered for funds under this Notice, complete applications must be received
by the appropriate USDA Rural Development State Office or via www.grants.gov.
The deadline for applications to be received to be considered for funding in
Federal FY 2017 are outlined in the following paragraphs and also summarized in
a table at the end of this section:



 (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements grant
applications and combination grant and guaranteed loan applications. Application
deadlines for Federal FY 2017 grant funds are:



 (a) For applicants requesting $20,000 or less that wish to have their
application compete for the  "Grants of $20,000 or less set aside," complete
applications must be received no later than:



 (i) 4:30 p.m. local time on October 31, 2016, or



 (ii) 4:30 p.m. local time on March 31, 2017.



 (b) For applicants requesting grant funds of over $20,000 (unrestricted) or
funding for a combination grant and guaranteed loan, complete applications must
be received no later than 4:30 p.m. local time on March 31, 2017.



 (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements guaranteed loan
-only applications. Applications will be reviewed and processed when received,
with periodic competitions.



 (3) Energy audits and renewable energy development assistance grant
applications. Applications must be received no later than 4:30 p.m. local time
on January 31, 2017.

 &emsp; Application    Application window opening dates    Application window
closing dates

 Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvements Grants ($20,000 or
less competing for up to approximately 50 percent of the set aside funds)    May
3, 2016    October 31, 2016.

 Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvements Grants ($20,000 or
less competing for the remaining set aside funds)    November 1, 2016    March
31, 2017&thinsp;*.

 Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvements Grants
(Unrestricted grants, including combination grant and guaranteed loan)    May 3,
2016    March 31, 2017&thinsp;*.

 Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvements Guaranteed Loans
Continuous application cycle    Continuous application cycle.

 Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants    February 2,
2016    January 31, 2017.



 D. Intergovernmental Review. REAP is not subject to Executive Order 12372,
Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs.



 E. Funding Restrictions. The following funding limitations apply to
applications submitted under this Notice.



 (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements projects.



 (a) Applicants can be awarded only one renewable energy system project and one
energy efficiency improvement grant in Federal FY 2017.



 (b) For renewable energy system grants, the minimum grant is $2,500 and the
maximum is $500,000. For energy efficiency improvements grants, the minimum
grant is $1,500 and the maximum grant is $250,000.



 (c) For renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements loan
guarantees, the minimum REAP guaranteed loan amount is $5,000 and the maximum
amount of a guaranteed loan to be provided to a borrower is $25 million.



 (d) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements guaranteed loan
and grant combination applications. Paragraphs IV.E.(1)(b) and (c) of this
Notice contain the applicable maximum amounts and minimum amounts for grants and
guaranteed loans. Requests for guaranteed loan and combined grant and guaranteed
loan will not exceed 75 percent of eligible project costs, with any Federal
grant portion not to exceed 25 percent of the total eligible project costs,
whether the grant is part of a combination request or is a grant-only.



 (2) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants.



 (a) Applicants may submit only one energy audit grant application and one
renewable energy development assistance grant application for Federal FY 2017
funds.



 (b) The maximum aggregate amount of energy audit and renewable energy
development assistance grants awarded to any one recipient under this Notice
cannot exceed $100,000 for Federal FY 2017.



 (c) The 2014 Farm Bill mandates that the recipient of a grant that conducts an
energy audit for an agricultural producer or a rural small business must require
the agricultural producer or rural small business to pay at least 25 percent of
the cost of the energy audit, which shall be retained by the eligible entity for
the cost of the audit.



 (3) Maximum grant assistance to an entity. For the purposes of this Notice, the
maximum amount of grant assistance to an entity will not exceed $750,000 for
Federal FY 2017 based on the total amount of the renewable energy system, energy
efficiency improvements, energy audit, and renewable energy development
assistance grants awarded to an entity under REAP.



 F. Other Submission Requirements.



 (1) Environmental information. For the Agency to consider an application, the
application must include all environmental review documents with supporting
documentation in accordance with 7 CFR part 1970. Any required environmental
review must be completed prior to obligation of funds or the approval of the
application. Applicants are advised to contact the Agency to determine
environmental requirements as soon as practicable to ensure adequate review
time.



 (2) Felony conviction and tax delinquent status. Corporate applicants
submitting applications under this Notice must include Form AD 3030,
"Representations Regarding Felony Conviction and Tax Delinquent Status for
Corporate Applicants." Corporate applicants who receive an award under this
Notice will be required to sign Form AD 3031, "Assurance Regarding Felony
Conviction or Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants." Both forms can be
found online at www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3030, and
www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3031.



 (3) Original signatures. USDA Rural Development may request that the applicant
provide original signatures on forms submitted through www.grants.gov at a later
date.



 (4) Transparency Act Reporting. All recipients of Federal financial assistance
are required to report information about first-tier sub-awards and executive
compensation in accordance with 2 CFR part 170. If an applicant does not have an
exception under 2 CFR 170.110(b), the applicant must then ensure that they have
the necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting
requirements to receive funding.



 (5) Race, ethnicity, and gender. The Agency is requesting that each applicant
provide race, ethnicity, and gender information about the applicant. The
information will allow the Agency to evaluate its outreach efforts to
under-served and under-represented populations. Applicants are encouraged to
furnish this information with their applications, but are not required to do so.
An applicant's eligibility or the likelihood of receiving an award will not be
impacted by furnishing or not furnishing this information. However, failure to
furnish this information may preclude the awarding of State Director and
Administrator points in Section V.C.(1) of this Notice.

 V. Application Review Information



 A. Criteria. In accordance with 7 CFR part 4280 subpart B, the application
dates published in Section IV.C. of this Notice identify the times and dates by
which complete applications must be received in order to compete for the funds
available.



 (1) Renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements grant
applications. Complete renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvements grant applications are eligible to compete in competitions as
described in 7 CFR 4280.121.



 (a) Complete renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements grant
applications requesting $20,000 or less are eligible to compete in up to five
competitions as described in 7 CFR 4280.121(b).



 (b) Complete renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements grant
applications, regardless of the amount of funding requested are eligible to
compete in two competitions each Federal FY--a State competition and a national
competition as described in 7 CFR 4280.121(a).



 (2) Renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements guaranteed loan
applications. Complete guaranteed loan applications are eligible for periodic
competitions as described in 7 CFR 4280.139(a).



 (3) Renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements combined
guaranteed loan and grant applications. Complete combined guaranteed loan and
grant applications are eligible to compete in two competitions each Federal
FY--a State competition and a national competition as described in 7 CFR
4280.121(a).



 (4) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grant
applications. Complete energy audit and renewable energy development assistance
grants applications are eligible to compete in one national competition per
Federal FY as described in 7 CFR 4280.193.



 B. Review and Selection Process. All complete applications will be scored in
accordance with 7 CFR part 4280 subpart B and this section of the Notice.



 (1) Renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements grant
applications. Renewable energy system and energy efficiency grant applications
will be scored in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.120 and selections will be made in
accordance with 7 CFR 4280.121. Due to the competitive nature of this program,
applications are competed based on submittal date. The submittal date is the
date the Agency receives a complete application. The complete application date
is the date the Agency receives the last piece of information that allows the
Agency to determine eligibility and to score, rank, and compete the application
for funding.



 (a) Funds for renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements grants
of $20,000 or less will be allocated to the States. Eligible applications must
be submitted by October 31, 2016, or May 1, 2017, in order to be considered for
these set-aside funds. Approximately 50 percent of these funds will be made
available for those complete applications the Agency receives by October 31,
2016, and approximately 50 percent of the funds for those complete applications
the Agency receives by May 1, 2017. All unused State allocated funds for grants
of $20,000 or less will be pooled to the National Office.



 (b) Eligible applications received by May 1, 2017, for renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvements grants of $20,000 or less, that are not
funded by State allocations can be submitted to the National Office to compete
against grant applications of $20,000 or less from other States at a national
competition. Obligations of these funds will take place prior to June 30, 2017.



 (c) Eligible applications for renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvements, regardless of the amount of the funding request, received by May
1, 2017, can compete for unrestricted grant funds. Unrestricted grant funds will
be allocated to the States. All unused State allocated unrestricted grant funds
will be pooled to the National Office.



 (d) National unrestricted grant funds for all eligible renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvements grant applications received by May 1, 2017,
which include grants of $20,000 or less, that are not funded by State
allocations can be submitted to the National Office to compete against grant
applications from other States at a final national competition.



 (2) Renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements guaranteed loan
applications. Renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements
guaranteed loan applications will be scored in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.135
and selections will be made in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.139. The National
Office will maintain a reserve for renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvements guaranteed loan funds. Applications will be reviewed and processed
when received. Those applications that meet the Agency's underwriting
requirements, are credit worthy, and score a minimum of 50 points will compete
in national competitions for guaranteed loan funds periodically. All unfunded
eligible guaranteed loan-only applications received that do not score at least
50 points will be competed against other guaranteed loan-only applications from
other States at a final national competition, if the guaranteed loan reserves
have not been completely depleted, on September 1, 2017. If funds remain after
the final guaranteed loan-only national competition, the Agency may elect to
utilize budget authority to fund additional grant-only applications.



 (3) Renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements combined grant
and guaranteed loan applications. Renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvements combined grant and guaranteed loan applications will be scored in
accordance with 7 CFR 4280.120 and selections will be made in accordance with 7
CFR 4280.121. Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements
combined grant and guaranteed loan applications will compete with grant-only
applications for grant funds allocated to their State. If the application is
ranked high enough to receive State allocated grant funds, the State will
request funding for the guaranteed loan portion of any combined grant and
guaranteed loan applications from the National Office guaranteed loan reserve,
and no further competition will be required. All unfunded eligible applications
for combined grant and guaranteed loan applications that are received by May 1,
2017, and that are not funded by State allocations can be submitted to the
National Office to compete against other grant and combined grant and guaranteed
loan applications from other States at a final national competition.



 (4) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grant
applications. Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants
will be scored in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.192 and selections will be made in
accordance with 7 CFR 4280.193. Energy audit and renewable energy development
assistance grant funds will be maintained in a reserve at the National Office.
Applications received by January 31, 2017 will compete for funding at a national
competition, based on the scoring criteria established under 7 CFR 4280.192,
will compete for funding at a national competition. If funds remain after the
energy audit and renewable energy development assistance national competition,
the Agency may elect to transfer budget authority to fund additional renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvements grants from the National Office
reserve after pooling.



 C. State Director and Administrator Points. The State Director and the
Administrator will take into consideration paragraphs V.C.(1) and (2) below in
the awarding of points for eligible renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvement grant applications submitted in Federal FY 2017:



 (1) 7 CFR 4280.120(g)(3) may allow for applicants who are members of unserved
or under-served populations to receive additional points if one of the following
criteria are met:



 (a) Owned by a veteran, including but not limited to individuals as sole
proprietors, members, partners, stockholders, etc., of not less than 20 percent.
In order to receive points, applicants must provide a statement in their
applications to indicate that owners of the project have veteran status; or



 (b) Owned by a member of a socially-disadvantaged group, which are groups whose
members have been subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender prejudice because of
their identity as members of a group without regard to their individual
qualities. In order to receive points, the application must include a statement
to indicate that the owners of the project are members of a
socially-disadvantaged group.



 (2) 7 CFR 4280.120(g)(4) may allow for applications that further a Presidential
initiative, or a Secretary of Agriculture priority to receive additional points
including:



 (a) Located in rural areas with the lowest incomes where, according to the most
recent 5-year American Community Survey, show that at least 20 percent of the
population is living in poverty. Or a project is located in a community
(village, town, city, or Census Designated Place) with a median household income
of 60 percent or less of the State's non-metropolitan median household income.
This will support Secretary of Agriculture's priority of providing 20 percent of
its funding to these areas of need; and



 (b) Located in designated Strike Force or Promise Zone areas, which is a
Secretary of Agriculture's priority.



 D. Other Submission Requirements. Grant-only applications, guaranteed loan-only
applications, and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial
assistance may be submitted at any time. In order to be considered for funds,
complete applications must be received by the appropriate USDA Rural Development
State Office in which the applicant's proposed project is located, or via
www.grants.gov, as identified in Section IV.C., of this Notice.



 (1) Insufficient funds. If funds are not sufficient to fund the total amount of
an application:



 (a) For State allocated funds:



 (i) The applicant must be notified that they may accept the remaining funds or
submit the total request for National Office reserve funds available after
pooling. If the applicant agrees to lower its grant request, the applicant must
certify that the purposes of the project will be met and provide the remaining
total funds needed to complete the project.



 (ii) If two or more grant or combination applications have the same score and
remaining funds in the State allocation are insufficient to fully award them,
the Agency will notify the applicants that they may either accept the
proportional amount of funds or submit their total request for National Office
reserve funds available after pooling. If the applicant agrees to lower its
grant request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the project will
be met and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete the project.



 (b) The applicant notification for national funds will depend on size of the
grant request.



 (i) For an application requesting a grant of $20,000 or less in which this is
the fifth and final competition or for those applications requesting grants of
over $20,000 and combined grant and guaranteed loan application, the applicant
must be notified that they may accept the remaining funds or their grant
application will be withdrawn. If the applicant agrees to lower the grant
request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the project will be met
and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete the project.



 (ii) For an application requesting a grant of $20,000 or less which is eligible
to compete in one or more additional competitions after the national
competition, the applicant must be notified that they may accept the remaining
funds or have their request considered in subsequent competitions. If the
applicant agrees to lower its grant request, the applicant must certify that the
purposes of the project will be met and provide the remaining total funds needed
to complete the project.



 (iii) If two or more grant or combination applications have the same score and
remaining funds are insufficient to fully award them, the Agency will notify the
applicants that they may either accept the proportional amount of funds or be
notified in accordance with V.D.(1)(b)(i) or (ii), as applicable.



 (iv) At its discretion, the Agency may instead allow the remaining funds to be
carried over to the next Federal FY rather than selecting a lower scoring
application(s) or distributing funds on a pro-rata basis.



 (2) Award considerations. All award considerations will be on a discretionary
basis. In determining the amount of a renewable energy system or energy
efficiency improvements grant or loan guarantee, the Agency will consider the
six criteria specified in 7 CFR 4280.114(e) or 7 CFR 4280.129(g), as applicable.




 (3) Notification of funding determination. As per 7 CFR 4280.111(c) all
applicants will be informed in writing by the Agency as to the funding
determination of the application.

 VI. Federal Award Administration Information



 A. Federal Award Notices. The Agency will award and administer renewable energy
system and energy efficiency improvements grants, guaranteed loans in accordance
with 7 CFR 4280.122, and 7 CFR 4280.139, as applicable. The Agency will award
and administer the energy audit and renewable energy development assistance
grants in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.195. Notification requirements of 7 CFR
4280.111, apply to this Notice.



 B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements.



 (1) Equal Opportunity and Nondiscrimination. The Agency will ensure that equal
opportunity and nondiscrimination requirements are met in accordance with the
Equal Credit Opportunity Act, 15 U.S.C. 1691 et seq. and 7 CFR part 15d,
Nondiscrimination in Programs and Activities Conducted by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. The Agency will not discriminate against applicants on the basis of
race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, or age (provided
that the applicant has the capacity to contract); because all or part of the
applicant's income derives from any public assistance program; or because the
applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the Consumer Credit
Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.



 (2) Civil Rights Compliance. Recipients of grants must comply with the
Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq., Title VI of
the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000d et seq., and Section 504 of the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973, 29 U.S.C. 794. This may include collection and
maintenance of data on the race, sex, and national origin of the recipient's
membership/ownership and employees. These data must be available to conduct
compliance reviews in accordance with 7 CFR 1901.204.



 (3) Environmental Analysis. 7 CFR part 1970, or successor regulation outlines
environmental procedures and requirements for this subpart. Prospective
applicants are advised to contact the Agency to determine environmental
requirements as soon as practicable after they decide to pursue any form of
financial assistance directly or indirectly available through the Agency.



 (4) Appeals. A person may seek a review of an Agency decision or appeal to the
National Appeals Division in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.105.



 (5) Reporting. Grants, guaranteed loans, combination guaranteed loans and
grants, and energy audit and energy audit and renewable energy development
assistance grants that are awarded are required to fulfill the reporting
requirements as specified in Departmental Regulations, the Grant Agreement, and
in 7 CFR part 4280 subpart B and paragraphs VI.B.(5)(a) through (d) of this
Notice.



 (a) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements grants that are
awarded are required to fulfill the reporting requirements as specified in 7 CFR
4280.123.



 (b) Guaranteed loan applications that are awarded are required to fulfill the
reporting requirements as specified in 7 CFR 4280.143.



 (c) Combined guaranteed loan and grant applications that are awarded are
required to fulfill the reporting requirements as specified in 7 CFR
4280.165(f).



 (d) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants grant
applications that are awarded are required to fulfill the reporting requirements
as specified in 7 CFR 4280.196.

 VII. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts



 For further information contact the applicable USDA Rural Development Energy
Coordinator for your respective State, as identified via the following link:
www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf.



 For information about this Notice, please contact Maureen Hessel, Business Loan
and Grant Analyst, USDA Rural Development, Energy Division, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Stop 3225, Room 6866, Washington, DC 20250. Telephone: (202)
401-0142. Email: maureen.hessel@wdc.usda.gov

 VIII. Other Information

 A. Paperwork Reduction Act



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the information
collection requirements associated with renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvements grants and guaranteed loans, as covered in this Notice,
have been approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under OMB
Control Number 0570-0050. The information collection requirements associated
with energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants have also
been approved by OMB under OMB Control Number 0570-0059.

 B. Nondiscrimination Statement



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the basis of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, reprisal and where
applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental status,
religion, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is
derived from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)



 If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination,
complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or complete the form at any USDA
office, or call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter
containing all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed
complaint form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC
20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov



 Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and wish
to file either an EEO or program complaint, please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).



 Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us directly by mail or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

 Dated: October 12, 2016.

 Justin Hatmaker,

 Acting Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-25163 Filed 10-17-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             422 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 25, 2016 Friday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 602  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)



  Action



 Proposed collection; Comments requested.

 Summary



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the Rural Business-Cooperative Service's (RBS) intention to request an extension
of a currently approved information collection in support of the program 7 CFR
part 4279-B, " Guaranteed Loanmaking--Business and Industry Loans."

 Dates



 Comments on this notice must be received by May 24, 2016 to be assured of
consideration.



 For Further Information Contact



 Ginger Allen, Business and Industry Loan Processing Branch, Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, STOP 3224, 1400
Independence Ave. SW., Washington, DC 20250-3224. Telephone: (202) 690-0309. The
TDD number is (800) 877-8339 or (202) 708-9300.

 Supplementary Information



 Title: Guaranteed Loanmaking--Business and Industry Loans.



 OMB Number: 0570-0017.



 Expiration Date of Approval: August 31, 2016.



 Type of Request: Extension of a currently approved information collection.



 Abstract: The Business and Industry (B&I) Guaranteed Loan Program was
legislated in 1972 under section 310B of the Consolidated Farm and Rural
Development Act, as amended. The purpose of the program is to improve, develop,
or finance businesses, industries, and employment and improve the economic and
environmental climate in rural communities. This purpose is achieved through
bolstering the existing private credit structure through the guaranteeing of
quality loans made by lending institutions, thereby providing lasting community
benefits.



 Estimate of Burden: Public reporting for this collection of information is
estimated to average 2 hours per response.



 Respondents: Business or other for-profit; State, Local or Tribal; Lenders,
accountants, attorneys.



 Estimated Number of Respondents: 413.



 Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 1.



 Estimated Number of Responses: 5,384.



 Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 13,349 hours.



 Copies of this information collection can be obtained from Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division at (202)
692-0040.

 Comments



 Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of information is
necessary for the proper performance of the functions of RBS, including whether
the information will have practical utility; (b) the accuracy of RBS's estimate
of the burden of the proposed collection of information including the validity
of the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to enhance the quality,
utility, and clarity of the information to be collected; and (d) ways to
minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to
respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and
Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Rural Development, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Ave. SW.,
Washington, DC 20250.



 All responses to this notice will be summarized and included in the request for
OMB approval. All comments will also become a matter of public record.

 Dated: February 25, 2016.

 William C. Smith,

 Acting Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-06767 Filed 3-24-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             423 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request

LENGTH: 681 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business Cooperative Service Submission for
OMB Review; Comment Request October 14, 2015. The Department of Agriculture has
submitted the following information collection requirement(s) to OMB for review
and clearance under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13.
Comments regarding (a) whether the collection of information is necessary for
the proper performance of the functions of the agency, including whether the
information will have practical utility; (b) the accuracy of the agency's
estimate of burden including the validity of the methodology and assumptions
used; (c) ways to enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the information to
be collected; (d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information
on those who are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated,
electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other
forms of information technology should be addressed to: Desk Officer for
Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management
and Budget (OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725 17th Street NW.,
Washington, DC 20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB
via email to:

OIRA_Submission@omb.eop.gov or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250-7602. Comments
regarding these information collections are best assured of having their full
effect if received by November 19, 2015. Copies of the submission(s) may be
obtained by calling (202) 720-8681. An agency may not conduct or sponsor a
collection of information unless the collection of information displays a
currently valid OMB control number and the agency informs potential persons who
are to respond to the collection of information that such persons are not
required to respond to the collection of information unless it displays a
currently valid OMB control number. Rural Business-Cooperative Service Title:
Strategic Economic and Community Development. OMB Control Number: 0570-0068.
Summary of Collection: As authorized under the Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014
Farm Bill), Section 6025, Strategic Economic and Community Development enables
the Secretary of Agriculture to provide priority to projects that support
Strategic Economic and Community Development plans. The Agency will reserve up
to 10 percent of the funds appropriated to the following seven Rural Development
programs (which are referred to as the ``underlying programs''): Community
Facility Grants; Community Facility Guaranteed Loans; Community Facility Direct
Loans; Water and Waste Disposal Loans and Grants; Water and Waste Disposal
Guaranteed Loans; Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans and Rural Business
Development Grants each fiscal year. Need and use of the Information: To be
eligible for the reserved funds a project must meet three criteria: Projects
must first be eligible for funding under the underlying program from which funds
are reserved; carried out solely in rural areas and that the project support the
implementation of a strategic economic development or community development plan
on a multi-jurisdictional basis as defined in 7 CFR 1980.1005. Applicants will
submit information on the Application Form 1980-88, the Plan that the project
supports, and the project's measures, metrics and outcome. The collection of
information is necessary for the Agency to identify projects eligible for the
reserved funding under the Section 6025 program and to prioritize eligible
applications. Description of Respondents: Business or other for-profit. Number
of Respondents: 374. Frequency of Responses: Reporting: On occasion. Total
Burden Hours: 3,348. Charlene Parker, Departmental Information Collection
Clearance Officer. [FR Doc. 2015-26528 Filed 10-19-15; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE
3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             424 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 10, 1990, Monday, FINAL EDITION

The $ 6 trillion umbrella

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 2191 words


U.S. taxpayers stand behind nearly $ 60 trillion in loans, insurance and
guarantee programs. Here, USA TODAY's Bill Montague examines some of the largest
and best-known.

Agriculture
Farm Credit System
Basic purpose: The FCS, a network of private, nonprofit lending institutions,
provides low-cost loans to farmers and farm cooperatives.
Year launched: 1933.
Outstanding loans: $ 51 billion.
Number of individuals financed: About 628,000 in 1989.
Current default rate: 11.3% of all loans outstanding.
Loss reserve: $ 285 million in 1989, down from $ 681 million in 1988.
How reserve is funded: Each bank sets aside a certain amount of money a year -
say $ 10 million - and puts that down on its books as a liability. Then, if a
borrower actually defaults, the loan can be written off without affecting the
bank's net worth. In a sense, the bank writes off bad loans before they happen.
Profit/loss: Net income of $ 695 million in 1989.
Safety rating: ''Below investment grade,'' according to Standard & Poor's.
The buzz on Capitol Hill: Hit hard by the farm crisis of the mid-1980s, the
system needed a $ 3 billion bailout in 1988. The Bush administration cites the
collapse as an example of the potential liability posed by other government-
sponsored enterprises. Congress is expected to weigh major reforms next year.
Farmers Home Administration
Basic purpose: To finance the purchase of farms and homes and provide operating
loans for farmers who have been turned down by private lenders.
Year launched: 1948.
Outstanding loans: $ 58 billion.
Number of individuals financed: 63,729 in 1989.
Current default rate: 5.6%.
Loss reserve: None.
Loan fees: On certain types of guaranteed loans, the agency charges a fee of 1%
of the loan amount.
Profit/loss: Net loss of $ 8.4 billion in 1989.
The buzz on Capitol Hill: FmHA's three main credit funds are more than $ 40
billion in the red. The agency wrote off more than 5% of its outstanding loans
last year. The White House wants to cut direct FmHA lending and reduce the
proportion of loans backed by the agency. Congress is weighing more limited
reforms as part of this year's farm bill.

Housing
FHA Loan Insurance
Basic purpose: To insure mortgages made to low- and moderate-income families,
individuals and housing cooperatives.
Year launched: 1934.
Insured loans outstanding: $ 331 billion.
Number of individuals insured: 17 million since 1934, 779,483 in 1989.
Current default rate: 2.3%.
Loss reserve: None. The four FHA loan funds had a combined cumulative deficit of
$ 8.75 billion at the end of 1989, up from a $ 2.4 billion deficit in 1988.
Premium: One-time premium of 3.8% for most mortgage insurance policies.
Profit/loss: Net loss of $ 562 million in 1989, following a $ 4.2 billion loss
in 1988.
The buzz on Capitol Hill: FHA's main loan-guarantee fund used to make money but
ran in the red last year for the first time in its history. Administration
officials say the main fund will be bankrupt by the end of the decade unless the
trend is reversed. The agency's three other funds already are in the red.
Congress is debating proposals to add more money to the funds but require them
to maintain higher levels of cash reserves. HUD Secretary Jack Kemp, on the
other hand, wants to tighten loan terms and increase loan insurance charges. The
average FHA borrower is 34, has an annual income of $ 26,750 and buys a $ 67,000
house. More than 80% are first-time home buyers.
VA loans
Basic purpose: To insure mortgages for veterans.
Year launched: 1948.
Loans outstanding: $ 153 billion.
Number of individuals insured: More than 13 million since 1948, 188,871 in 1989.

Current default rate: 3.11%.
Reserve: None. It had $ 141 million in 1989.
Premium: One-time fee of up to 1 1/4% of loan amount.
Profit/loss: Net loss of $ 608 million in 1989.
The buzz on Capitol Hill: Average VA borrower is young, -32, -and affluent:
annual income of more than $ 40,000. 53% are first-time home buyers. VA default
losses skyrocketed in the '80s, requiring a $ 900 million bailout in 1988. The
Bush administration wants to raise loan fees for vets except for those with
service-related disabilities, require down payments on loans of more than $
25,000. But Congress shows little interest in revising program.
Government National Mortgage Ass'n
(Ginnie Mae)
Basic purpose: An arm of HUD, Ginnie Mae helps insure a secondary market for
housing loans by packaging VA and FHA-insured mortgages into government- backed
securities that can be sold in the bond market. By selling their loans, banks
raise cash to make more loans.
Year launched: 1968.
Guaranteed loans outstanding: $ 361 billion.
Current loss rate: About 0.01% per year.
Loss reserve: $ 629 million in 1989, up from $ 506 million in 1988.
Guarantee fee: Lenders who want Ginnie Mae guarantees for their bonds must pay a
one-time fee of $ 500 for the first $ 1.5 million in bonds and $ 200 for each
additional million. They also are charged an annual fee of 0.06% on the face
amount of agency-backed bonds.
Profit/loss: Net income of $ 165 million in 1989.
The buzz on Capitol Hill: Long considered virtually immune to risk, Ginnie Mae
might be vulnerable now because of growing defaults on VA loans, critics say.
Kemp is seeking an increase in premiums paid by lenders who issue Ginnie
Mae-backed securities.
Federal National Mortgage Association
(Fannie Mae)
Basic purpose: A private corporation, Fannie Mae borrows money in the bond
market, then makes those funds available to home lenders. Some Fannie Mae bonds
are backed by mortgages held by lenders. The company also owns a large portfolio
of home loans.
Year launched: 1938.
Outstanding loans held: $ 376 billion.
Current deliquency rate: 0.6%.
Loss reserve: $ 494 million in 1989, up from $ 463 million in 1988.
How reserve is funded: Retained earnings.
Premium: Average annual fee of 0.21% on all mortgage-backed bonds guaranteed by
the corporation.
Profit/loss: Net income of $ 807 million in 1989.
Safety rating: Low end of investment grade, according to Standard & Poor's, were
it not for the implied backing of the federal government.
The buzz on Capitol Hill: Treasury Department officials want Fannie Mae and its
rival, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp., -- to boost their capital reserves
enough to obtain the highest possible credit ratings- without taking the
government's potential backing into account.
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp.
(Freddie Mac)
Basic purpose: Freddie Mac was chartered by Congress to compete with Fannie Mae.
Like its rival, Freddie Mac sells bonds and makes money available to home
lenders. The company owns few mortgages but guarantees securities backed by
pools of loans.
Year launched: 1970.
Guarantees outstanding: $ 73.6 billion.
Current delinquency rate: 0.19%.
Loss reserve: $ 466 million in 1989, up from $ 392 million in 1988.
How reserve is funded: Retained earnings.
Guarantee fees: Average annual fee of 0.234% on the face amount of Freddie
Mac-backed securities.
Profit/loss: Net income of $ 437 million in 1989.
Safety rating: Lowest investment grade, according to S&P, without assuming
federal guarantee.
The buzz on Capitol Hill: Like Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac has been raising its
capital reserves but opposes the Treasury Department's reform plan.
Federal Home Loan Bank System
Basic purpose: The 12 regional home loan banks provide short-term credit and
deposit services to about 2,900 savings-and-loan associations and savings banks,
much as the Federal Reserve System does for the nation's commercial banks.
Year launched: 1932.
Loans outstanding: $ 151 billion (1989).
Current default rate: None.
Loss reserve: None.
Profit/loss: Net income of $ 1.9 billion in 1989.
Safety rating: Investment grade, according to Moody's and S&P.
The buzz on Capitol Hill: The bank system has remained profitable despite the
virtual collapse of the savings-and-loan industry. Its surplus earnings are
helping finance the government's S&L bailout.

Savings and Investment
Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.
Basic purpose: Fully insures bank deposits of up to $ 100,000 per account name
against losses due to bank insolvency. Also administers a separate insurance
fund for the nation's troubled thrift industry.
Year launched: 1933.
Insured loans outstanding: $ 1.8 trillion (1989).
Current loss rate: 0.2% (1989).
Capital reserve: Approximately $ 13 billion, down from $ 13.2 billion in 1989
and $ 14 billion in 1988.
Premium: Participating banks are charged an annual premium of 12 cents per $ 100
of insured deposits. That will rise to 19.5 cents in 1991.
Surplus/deficit: FDIC Chairman L. William Seidman reported last month that the
fund will draw on its capital reserve to pay for a $ 2 billion deficit this
year. That follows an $ 850 million deficit in 1989 and a $ 4.2 billion deficit,
-its first, -in 1988.
The buzz on Capitol Hill: Seidman and administration officials insist the
deposit fund is basically sound but recently raised premiums. They also have
suggested other reforms such as limiting depositors to one insured account and
restricting the kinds of investments that banks can make with insured funds.
House Banking Committee Chairman Henry B. Gonzalez, D-Texas, has proposed
lowering the $ 100,000 limit on insured deposits.
Pension Benefit Guarantee Corp.
Basic purpose: Guarantees benefit payments from company-sponsored pension plans.

Year launched: 1974.
Outstanding guarantees: $ 820 billion.
Reserve: None.
Premium: Employers pay an annual premium for each employee who is covered by its
pension plan. Premium amounts vary with plan risk but average $ 19 per employee.

Deficit: $ 1.5 billion in 1988, $ 1 billion in 1989.
Profit/loss: The corporation showed a net gain of $ 462 million last year,
thanks to strong investment earnings. But PBGC has a long-term deficit of more
than $ 1 billion, representing the gap between the assets and liabilities of the
plans it has assumed.
The buzz on Capitol Hill: A recession could drive the PBGC deficit to $ 8
billion by the end of the decade, agency officials say. The Bush administration
wants to raise premiums for underfunded plans and give PBGC claims higher
priority in bankruptcy court.

Business
Small Business Administration
Basic purpose: To make affordable credit available to disadvantaged small
businesses through direct and guaranteed loans.
Year launched: 1958.
Number of individuals financed: 585,483. 18,276 in 1989.
Loans outstanding: $ 14.7 billion.
Current default rate: 2.7%.
Loss reserve: None.
Loan fees: One-time fee of about 2% of loan amount.
Profit/loss: Net loss of $ 259 million in 1989.
The buzz on Capitol Hill: SBA's most recent troubles stem from agency-backed
loans to investment companies - private firms that provide venture capital to
small businesses shunned by commercial lenders. At least $ 500 million of those
loans are in default. Congress might cut back on that program but is unlikely to
consider more sweeping reforms this year.

Education
Guaranteed Student Loans
Basic purpose: To encourage lenders to make low-interest loans to college
students. The department insures a network of state and non-profit guarantee
agencies that in turn insure private lenders against loan defaults.
Year launched: 1965.
Number of individuals financed: The program has made more than 90 million loans
since its inception. But some of those have been to repeat borrowers, so the
number of individuals helped is lower. There were 4.1 million loans made in
1989.
Loans outstanding: $ 49 billion.
Current default rate: 14%.
Loss reserves: None.
Profit/loss: Net loss is expected to total $ 2.4 billion this year.
Fees: Origination fee of 5% of loan amount plus reinsurance fee of 0.25% of loan
amount annually.
The buzz on Capitol Hill: The Bush administration wants to tighten student
credit requirements and lower government guarantees. The program currently faces
losses of up to $ 1 billion from the failure of a Kansas-based loan guarantor,
the Higher Education Assistance Foundation.
Student Loan Marketing Association
(Sallie Mae)
Basic purpose: To increase the pool of money available for student financing by
purchasing loans from private lenders, using funds raised in the bond market.
Sallie Mae, a privately owned corporation, owns nearly 30% of all guaranteed
student loans.
Year launched: 1972.
Loans currently held: $ 24.6 billion ($ 16 billion in student loans plus $ 8.6
billion in loans to banks that have used their student loans as collateral).
Loss reserve: None.
Profit/loss: Net income of $ 257.6 million in 1989.
Safety rating: High end of investment grade, according to S&P.
The buzz on Capitol Hill: Until recently, Sallie Mae was considered unshakeable
because the loans in its portfolio are fully insured by state and non-profit
guarantee agencies. Some analysts worry that the company might suffer from the
collapse of the Higher Education Assistance Foundation, a major debtor. But
Sallie Mae officials insist they are fully protected by government guarantees.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  b/w (Drawing, tractor); GRAPHIC; b/w (Drawing, houses); GRAPHIC; b/w
(Drawing, piggybank); GRAPHIC; b/w (Drawing, man sitting at desk); GRAPHIC; b/w
(Drawing, building, book)

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                             425 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              June 5, 2016 Sunday

agriculture briefs

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald

SECTION: D; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 347 words


Dyersville student on ISU's successful soil judging team

Brandon Walls, of Dyersville, Iowa, was a member of the Iowa State University
Soil Judging Team that recently placed second in the American Society of
Agronomy National Collegiate Soils Contest at Kansas State University.

Walls, an agronomy and environmental science junior, joined eight other members
during the week-long event. Students evaluated soils based on texture,
structure, color, classification and suitability for a variety of uses.

Extension given for recording farm organization structures

A one-time, 30-day extension to the June 1 deadline for recording farm
organization structures related to Actively Engaged in Farming determinations
has been allowed by Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack.

This date is used to determine the level of interest an individual holds in a
legal entity for the applicable program year.

Farming operations now have until July 1 to complete their restructuring or
finalize any operational change.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture issued the extension in response to farmers
and ranchers who requested more time to comply, and to assure that everyone has
enough time to provide their information under the new rules.

For more information, visit www.usda.gov/results.

Agency offering loan aid

for under-served applicants

The Wisconsin Farm Service Agency continues to offer targeted farm ownership and
farm operating loans to assist under-served applicants as well as beginning
farmers and ranchers.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture has defined the following groups as
under-served: women, African-Americans, American Indians and Alaskan Natives,
Hispanics and Asians and Pacific Islanders.

Under-served or beginning farmers and ranchers who cannot obtain commercial
credit from a bank can apply for FSA direct or guaranteed loans.

Direct loans are made to applicants by FSA for two options - farm ownership
loans and farm operating loans.

For more information, visit www.fsa.usda.gov/farmloans or contact your local FSA
office.

A list of offices can be found at offices.usda.gov. Telegraph Herald

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             426 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 June 22, 1992

Farmer Mac Hits FCS on Participation

BYLINE: By BILL LIEBTAG

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1090 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp. was counting milestones at its annual
meeting here, but management of the four-plus year old government-sponsored
enterprise which hopes to develop an ongoing secondary market for agricultural
and rural housing loans, expressed disappointment that there has not been more
participation by the Farm Credit System.

Farmer Mac feels that it has turned the corner with some $ 500 million in loan
guarantees under its belt, as well as redefinition of its mandate which now
extends into Farmers Home Administration loans.

The progress report comes at a time when the Farm Credit Administration, Farmer
Mac's regulator, is moving toward more oversight.

FCA, which also oversees Farm Credit System institutions, has a proposal before
a House Agriculture appropriations subcommittee that calls for an almost 400%
increase in the Farmer Mac portion of its budget.  Congressional activity is
expected next week (June 25).

FCA wants to go from $ 74,000 in fiscal 1992 budget to $ 644,000 for fiscal
1993.

"During the last few months, efforts to implement its new authorities have led
the FCA to increase its regulatory assessments of Farmer Mac significantly.
Thus, while Farmer Mac's authority to proceed with Linked Portfolio was
clarified, the costs were significant," said Farmer Mac chairman Jack Dahl, who
also is president of the Dahl Land & Cattle Co., Gackle, N.D.

This increase and an interim adjustment in the fiscal 1992 budget to $ 306,000
is being made, according to FCA, to provide for administrative expenses and
associated startup costs of a new Office of Secondary Market Oversight (OMOS) to
track Farmer Mac activity.

Farmer Mac officials see it differently and with a degree of uncertainty.

"There have been no major problems with Farmer Mac.  We're concerned that a
budget increase of this magnitude, just for oversight, might lead some to
believe that there are problems where none exist.," a ranking Farmer Mac member
told NMN.

While concern over the future of Farmer Mac regulation, tied to the budget
request, was on the minds of annual meeting participants, the tone of the
meeting was positive.

"The present value of all the business booked in the last six months is $ 7.1
million," said Farmer Mac president Henry Edelman.  "This covers all our
aggregate expenses and start-up costs to date," he said.

"Farmer Mac is at an important crossroads (in terms of breaking even)," he
added.  "But we have very good prospects of running in the black.  There is a
tremendous potential for increasing our stock value as a government-sponsored
enterprise."

Chairman Dahl emphasized that the corporation "no longer was talking about
expectations.

"The business we have completed is significant . . . (Our) entrance into the
capital markets was favorably received.

"Our certified poolers are actively working on new pools and intense interest in
our business is now being developed at many major financial institutions," he
said.

However, Farmer Mac did not make an anticipated announcement at the annual
meeting of its sixth certified pooler, possibly a large regional commercial
banking organization, its first.

Three commercial bankers are members of the Farmer Mac board: Donald A.
Anderson, president, Norwest Agricultural Credit Inc., Sioux Falls, S.D.; C.G.
Holthus, president and chief executive, First National Bank, York, Neb.; and
Thomas H. Olson, Lisco (Neb.) State Bank.

And, there are two representatives of the Farm Credit System: James A. Pierson,
president and chief executive of the Farm Credit Bank of Springfield and
Springfield Bank for Cooperatives, Agawam, Mass.; and James F. Schiller,
president, Farm Credit Services of Southern Michigan, Adrian.

Throughout the first half of 1992, extensive work was done by Farmer Mac to
implement a new medium-term note program introduced in May.

The program is essential to the linked portfolio strategy (LPS) and to develop
pooling documentation, analyze potential security structures and evaluate loan
portfolio compliance, Farmer Mac executive feel.

On June 9, with its third major pooling transaction completed, the total amount
of agricultural loan-backed securities guaranteed by Farmer Mac passed the
half-billion dollar mark.

"Over 1900 agricultural loans representing properties all across the United
States, widely diversified in the agricultural commodities represented, were
included in these pools," chairman Dahl told stockholders.

The loans were originated by insurance industry lenders and community bankers.

"I am disappointed," Mr. Dahl said, "that the Farm Credit System lenders were
not involved in any of these pools.  We hope that the system lenders will begin
to take advantage of the Farmer Mac programs so that the system lenders will
begin to take advantage of the Farmer Mac programs so that they, too, will be
able to safely offer their member borrowers longer term loans with intermediate
term rates reset and fixed rates."

When Congress passed the critical legislation confirming Farmer Mac's authority
to proceed with the LPS in late November, the law also granted FCA general
rulemaking authority over Farmer Mac and established minimum capital
requirements for the GSE.

With its expanded authority, FCA revised its assessment of regulatory fees fees
from approximately $ 75,000 to an annualized rate of nearly $ 650,000.

Uncertainty over the LPS may have discouraged some Farmer Mac participation
during the past year, the organization's annual report notes.

"The market bid for Class A units fell from the $ 16.75 level that had prevailed
from January to August, to $ 9.50 by early October (1991), well below the $
14.00 book value of the units.

"Thus, while Farmer Mac's authority to proceed with the LPS was clarified, the
costs were significant."

At the end of August 1991, FCA issued a legal opinion to proceed with the
implementation of the linked portfolio strategy.

FCA's interpretation was contrary to the legal opinions of several law firms and
the American Law Division of the Congressional Research Service.

During the annual meeting, progress also was noted on the Farmer Mac II program.
In January, it was introduced to securitize Farmers Home Administration loans.

"The Farmer Mac II program has continued a gradual but steady growth in the
securitization of FmHA guaranteed loans," said Mr. Dahl.

By the end of December a little over $ 10 million of business was completed in
this program.  Currently, its volume is approaching $ 18 million.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             427 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 667 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)



  The Department of Agriculture has submitted the following information
collection requirement(s) to OMB for review and clearance under the Paperwork
Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13. Comments regarding (a) whether the
collection of information is necessary for the proper performance of the
functions of the agency, including whether the information will have practical
utility; (b) the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden including the
validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to enhance the
quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; (d) ways to
minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to
respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology should be addressed to: Desk Officer for Agriculture,
Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget
(OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725 17th Street NW., Washington, DC 20502.
Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB via email to:

OIRA_Submission@omb.eop.gov or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250-7602. Comments
regarding these information collections are best assured of having their full
effect if received by November 19, 2015. Copies of the submission(s) may be
obtained by calling (202) 720-8681.



 An agency may not conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the
collection of information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the
agency informs potential persons who are to respond to the collection of
information that such persons are not required to respond to the collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB control number.

 Rural Business-Cooperative Service



 Title: Strategic Economic and Community Development.



 OMB Control Number: 0570-0068.



 Summary of Collection: As authorized under the Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014
Farm Bill), Section 6025, Strategic Economic and Community Development enables
the Secretary of Agriculture to provide priority to projects that support
Strategic Economic and Community Development plans. The Agency will reserve up
to 10 percent of the funds appropriated to the following seven Rural Development
programs (which are referred to as the &ldquo;underlying programs&rdquo;):
Community Facility Grants; Community Facility Guaranteed Loans; Community
Facility Direct Loans; Water and Waste Disposal Loans and Grants; Water and
Waste Disposal Guaranteed Loans; Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans and
Rural Business Development Grants each fiscal year.



 Need and use of the Information: To be eligible for the reserved funds a
project must meet three criteria: Projects must first be eligible for funding
under the underlying program from which funds are reserved; carried out solely
in rural areas and that the project support the implementation of a strategic
economic development or community development plan on a multi-jurisdictional
basis as defined in 7 CFR 1980.1005. Applicants will submit information on the
Application Form 1980-88, the Plan that the project supports, and the project's
measures, metrics and outcome. The collection of information is necessary for
the Agency to identify projects eligible for the reserved funding under the
Section 6025 program and to prioritize eligible applications.



 Description of Respondents: Business or other for-profit.



 Number of Respondents: 374.



 Frequency of Responses: Reporting: On occasion.



 Total Burden Hours: 3,348.

 Charlene Parker,

 Departmental Information Collection Clearance Officer.

 [FR Doc. 2015-26528 Filed 10-19-15; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             428 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 4, 2016 Monday

Farm Bureau Launches Survey to Collect Farmer Feedback on USDA Programs

LENGTH: 275  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Atlanta: Growing Georgia has issued the following news release:



   A new online survey launched by the American Farm Bureau Federation will
collect feedback from farmers and ranchers about their experiences with 10
Agriculture Department programs housed in three agencies. Results will be used
by AFBF to develop recommendations on how USDA can enhance its programs and make
them more useful to farmers and ranchers.





 All farmers and ranchers, not just Farm Bureau members, are encouraged to take
the survey, which takes about 10 minutes to complete.



 "Farmers and ranchers sometimes find it confusing and complex to participate in
USDA programs," said AFBF President Bob Stallman. "At the same time, USDA staff
are concerned that farmers and ranchers who could benefit from a number of
different programs frequently do not apply."



 The survey focuses on the following USDA programs from the Farm Service Agency,
Natural Resources Conservation Service, and Rural Development:



 o Environmental Quality Incentives Program;



 o Conservation Stewardship Program;



 o Conservation Reserve Program;



 o Conservation Reserve Enhancement Program;



 o Value-Added Agricultural Producer Grants;



 o Rural Energy for America Program;



 o Farmers' Marketing and Local Food Promotion Program;



 o Direct Farm Ownership Loans;



 o Direct Farm Operating Loans; and



 o Guaranteed Farm Loans (farm operating and farm ownership).



 AFBF will share feedback from the survey about what is working well with the
programs and how they can be improved with USDA.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             429 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 4, 2016 Monday

Farm Bureau Launches Survey to Collect Farmer Feedback on USDA Programs

LENGTH: 275  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Jackson: Growing Mississippi  has issued the following news release:



  A new online survey launched by the American Farm Bureau Federation will
collect feedback from farmers and ranchers about their experiences with 10
Agriculture Department programs housed in three agencies. Results will be used
by AFBF to develop recommendations on how USDA can enhance its programs and make
them more useful to farmers and ranchers.





 All farmers and ranchers, not just Farm Bureau members, are encouraged to take
the survey, which takes about 10 minutes to complete.



 "Farmers and ranchers sometimes find it confusing and complex to participate in
USDA programs," said AFBF President Bob Stallman. "At the same time, USDA staff
are concerned that farmers and ranchers who could benefit from a number of
different programs frequently do not apply."



 The survey focuses on the following USDA programs from the Farm Service Agency,
Natural Resources Conservation Service, and Rural Development:



 o Environmental Quality Incentives Program;



 o Conservation Stewardship Program;



 o Conservation Reserve Program;



 o Conservation Reserve Enhancement Program;



 o Value-Added Agricultural Producer Grants;



 o Rural Energy for America Program;



 o Farmers' Marketing and Local Food Promotion Program;



 o Direct Farm Ownership Loans;



 o Direct Farm Operating Loans; and



 o Guaranteed Farm Loans (farm operating and farm ownership).



 AFBF will share feedback from the survey about what is working well with the
programs and how they can be improved with USDA.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             430 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 21, 2016 Friday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Solicitation of Applications for the Rural Energy
for America Program for Federal Fiscal Year 2017 Pages 71689 - 71696 [FR DOC #
2016-25163]

LENGTH: 7873  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of
Solicitation of Applications for the Rural Energy for America Program for
Federal Fiscal Year 2017 AGENCY: Rural Business-Cooperative Service, USDA.
ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (the Agency) announces the acceptance of
applications under the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) which is designed
to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses reduce energy costs
and consumption and help meet the Nation's critical energy needs.

REAP have two types of funding assistance: (1) Renewable Energy Systems and
Energy Efficiency Improvements Assistance, and (2) Energy Audit and Renewable
Energy Development Assistance Grants. The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy
Efficiency Improvement Assistance provides grants and guaranteed loans to
agricultural producers and rural small businesses to purchase and install
renewable energy systems and make energy efficiency improvements to their
operations. Eligible renewable energy systems for REAP provide energy from:
Wind, solar, renewable biomass (including anaerobic digesters), small
hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen derived from these renewable
resources. The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is
available to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a
State, Tribal, or local government; institution of higher education; rural
electric cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as defined in 16
U.S.C. 3451. The recipient of grant funds, grantee, will establish a program to
assist agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the
energy efficiency and the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies
into their operations. DATES: See under SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION section. FOR
FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: The applicable USDA Rural Development Energy
Coordinator for your respective State, as identified via the following [[Page
71690]] link: http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. For
information about this Notice, please contact Maureen Hessel, Business Loan and
Grant Analyst, USDA Rural Development, Energy Division, 1400 Independence Avenue
SW., Stop 3225, Room 6870, Washington, DC 20250. Telephone: (202) 401-0142.
Email: maureen.hessel@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: I. Program
Description The Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) helps agricultural
producers and rural small businesses reduce energy costs and consumption and
helps meet the Nation's critical energy needs. REAP has two types of funding
assistance: (1) Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvements
Assistance and (2) Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance
Grants. The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvements
Assistance provides grants and guaranteed loans to agricultural producers and
rural small businesses for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvements. Eligible renewable energy systems for REAP provide energy from:
Wind, solar, renewable biomass (including anaerobic digesters), small
hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen derived from these renewable
resources. The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is
available to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a
State, Tribal, or local government; institution of higher education; rural
electric cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as defined in 16
U.S.C. 3451. The recipient of grant funds, (grantee), will establish a program
to assist agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the
energy efficiency and the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies
into their operations. A. General. Applications for REAP can be submitted any
time throughout the year. This Notice announces the deadline times and dates
that applications have to be received to be considered for REAP funds provided
by the Agricultural Act of 2014, (2014 Farm Bill), and any appropriated funds
that REAP may receive from the appropriation for Federal fiscal year (FY) 2017
for grants, guaranteed loans, and combined grants and guaranteed loans to
purchase and install renewable energy systems, and make energy efficiency
improvements; and for grants to conduct energy audits and renewable energy
development assistance. The administrative requirements in effect at the time
the application window closes for a competition will be applicable to each type
of funding available under REAP and are described in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B.
In addition to the other provisions of this Notice: (1) The provisions specified
in 7 CFR 4280.101 through 4280.111 apply to each funding type described in this
Notice. (2) The requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.112 through 4280.124 apply
to renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements project grants.
(3) The requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.125 through 4280.152 apply to
guaranteed loans for renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements
projects. For Federal FY 2017, the guarantee fee amount is one percent of the
guaranteed portion of the loan, and the annual renewal fee is one-quarter of 1
percent (0.250 percent) of the guaranteed portion of the loan. (4) The
requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.165 apply to a combined grant and
guaranteed loan for renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements
projects. (5) The requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.186 through 4280.196
apply to energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants. II.
Federal Award Information A. Statutory Authority. This program is authorized
under 7 U.S.C. 8107. B. Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number.
10.868. C. Funds Available. This Notice is announcing deadline times and dates
for applications to be submitted for REAP funds provided by the 2014 Farm Bill
and any appropriated funds that REAP may receive from the congressional
enactment of a full-year appropriation for Federal FY 2017. This Notice is being
published prior to the congressional enactment of a full-year appropriation for
Federal FY 2017. The Agency will continue to process applications received under
this announcement and should REAP receive appropriated funds, these funds will
be announced on the following Web site:
www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rural-energy-america-program-renewable-energy-
systems-energy-efficiency, and are subject to the same provisions in this
Notice. To ensure that small projects have a fair opportunity to compete for the
funding and are consistent with the priorities set forth in the statute, the
Agency will set-aside 20 percent of the Federal FY 2017 funds until June 30,
2017, to fund grants of $20,000 or less. (1) Renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvements grant-funds. There will be allocations of grant funds to
each Rural Development State Office for renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvements applications. The State allocations will include an
allocation for grants of $20,000 or less funds and an allocation of grant funds
that can be used to fund renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvements applications for either grants of $20,000 or less or grants of more
than $20,000, as well as the grant portion of a combination grant and guaranteed
loan. These funds are commonly referred to as unrestricted grant funds. The
funds for grants of $20,000 or less can only be used to fund grants requesting
$20,000 or less. (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements
loan guarantee funds. Rural Development's National Office will maintain a
reserve of guaranteed loan funds. (3) Renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvements combined grant and guaranteed loan funds. The amount of
funds available for combined grant and guaranteed loan applications are outlined
in paragraphs II.(C)(1) and II.(C)(2) of this Notice. (4) Energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance grant funds. The amount of funds
available for energy audits and renewable energy development assistance in
Federal FY 2017 will be 4 percent of Federal FY 2017 mandatory funds and will be
maintained in a National Office reserve. Obligations of these funds will take
place through March 31, 2017. Any unobligated balances will be moved to the
renewable energy budget authority account, and may be utilized in any of the
renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements national
competitions. D. Approximate Number of Awards. The estimated number of awards is
1,000 based on the historical average grant size and the anticipated mandatory
funding of $50 million for Federal FY 2017, but will depend on the actual amount
of funds made available and on the number of eligible applicants participating
in this program. E. Type of Instrument. Grant, guaranteed loan, and grant/
guaranteed loan combinations. III. Eligibility Information The eligibility
requirements for the applicant, borrower, lender, and project (as applicable)
are clarified in 7 CFR part 4280 subpart B, and are summarized in this Notice.
Failure to [[Page 71691]] meet the eligibility criteria by the time of the
competition window may result in the Agency reviewing an application, but will
preclude the application from receiving funding until all criteria have been
met. A. Eligible Applicants. This solicitation is for agricultural producers and
rural small businesses, as well as units of State, Tribal, or local government;
instrumentalities of a State, Tribal, or local government; institutions of
higher education; rural electric cooperatives; public power entities; and
councils, as defined in 16 U.S.C. 3451, which serve agricultural producers and
rural small businesses. To be eligible for the grant portion of the program, an
applicant must meet the requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.109, 7 CFR
4280.110, and 7 CFR 4280.112, or 7 CFR 4280.186, as applicable. B. Eligible
Lenders and Borrowers. To be eligible for the guaranteed portion of the program,
lenders and borrowers must meet the eligibility requirements in 7 CFR 4280.125
and 7 CFR 4280.127, as applicable. C. Eligible Projects. To be eligible for this
program, a project must meet the eligibility requirements specified in 7 CFR
4280.113, 7 CFR 4280.128, and 7 CFR 4280.187, as applicable. D. Cost Sharing or
Matching. The 2014 Farm Bill mandates the maximum percentages of funding that
REAP can provide. Additional clarification is provided in paragraphs IV.F.(1)
through (3). (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements
funding. Requests for guaranteed loan and combined grant and guaranteed loan
will not exceed 75 percent of eligible project costs, with any Federal grant
portion not to exceed 25 percent of the total eligible project costs, whether
the grant is part of a combination request or is a grant-only. (2) Energy audit
and renewable energy development funds. Requests for the energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance grants, will indicate that the grantee
that conducts energy audits must require that, as a condition of providing the
energy audit, the agricultural producer or rural small business pay at least 25
percent of the cost of the energy audit. The Agency recommended practice for on
farm energy audits, audits for agricultural producers, ranchers, and farmers is
the American Society of Agricultural and Biological Engineers S612 Level II
audit. This audit conforms with program standards used by the Natural Resource
Conservation Service. An applicant that has received one or more grants under
this program must make satisfactory progress as indicated in 7 CFR 4280.100,
which has been determined by the Agency to be the expenditure of 50 percent or
more of the previously awarded grant by January 31, 2017, to be considered
eligible for subsequent funding. E. Other. Ineligible project costs can be found
in 7 CFR 4280.114(d), 7 CFR 4280.129(f), and 7 CFR 4280.188(c), as applicable.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture Departmental Regulations and Laws that
contain other compliance requirements are referenced in paragraphs VI.B.(1)
through (3), and IV.F of this Notice. Applicants who have been found to be in
violation of applicable Federal statutes will be ineligible. IV. Application and
Submission Information A. Address to Request Application Package. Application
materials may be obtained by contacting one of Rural Development's Energy
Coordinators, as identified via the following link:
www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. In addition, for grant
applications, applicants may obtain electronic grant applications for REAP from
www.grants.gov. B. Content and Form of Application Submission. Applicants
seeking to participate in this program must submit applications in accordance
with this Notice and 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B. Applicants must submit complete
applications by the dates identified in Section IV.C. of this Notice, containing
all parts necessary for the Agency to determine applicant and project
eligibility, to score the application, and to conduct the technical evaluation,
as applicable, in order to be considered. (1) Renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvements grant application. (a) Information for the required
content of a grant application to be considered complete is found in 7 CFR part
4280, subpart B. (i) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvements projects with total project costs of $80,000 or less
must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.119. (ii) Grant applications for
renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements projects with total
project costs of $200,000 or less, but more than $80,000, must provide
information required by 7 CFR 4280.118. (iii) Grant applications for renewable
energy systems and energy efficiency improvements projects with total project
costs of greater than $200,000 must provide information required by 7 CFR
4280.117. (iv) Grant applications for energy audits or renewable energy
development assistance grant applications must provide information required by 7
CFR 4280.190. (b) All grant applications must be submitted either as hard copy
to the appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator in the State in which
the applicant's proposed project is located, or electronically using the
Government-wide www.grants.gov Web site. (i) Applicants submitting a grant
application as a hard copy must submit one original to the appropriate Rural
Development Energy Coordinator in the State in which the applicant's proposed
project is located. A list of USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinators is
available via the following link:
www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. (ii) Applicants
submitting a grant application to the Agency via www.grants.gov (Web site) will
find information about submitting an application electronically through the Web
site, and may download a copy of the application package to complete it off
line, upload and submit the completed application, including all necessary
assurances and certifications, via www.grants.gov. After electronically
submitting an application through the Web site, the applicant will receive an
automated acknowledgement from www.grants.gov that contains a www.grants.gov
tracking number. USDA Rural Development strongly recommends that applicants do
not wait until the application deadline date to begin the application process
through www.grants.gov. (c) After successful applicants are notified of the
intent to make a Federal award, applicants must meet the requirements of 7 CFR
4280.122 (a) through (h) for the grant agreement to be executed. (2) Renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvements guaranteed loan application.
(a) Information for the content required for a guaranteed loan application to be
considered complete is found in 7 CFR 4280.137. (b) All guaranteed loan
applications must be submitted as a hard copy to the appropriate Rural
Development Energy Coordinator in the State in which the applicant's proposed
project is located. A list of USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinators is
available via the following link:
www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. (c) After successful
applicants are notified of the intent to make a Federal [[Page 71692]] award,
borrowers must meet the conditions prior to issuance of loan note guarantee as
outlined in of 7 CFR 4280.142. (3) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvements combined guaranteed loan and grant application. (a) Information for
the content required for a combined guaranteed loan and grant application to be
considered complete is found in 7 CFR 4280.165(c). (b) All combined guaranteed
loan and grant application applications must be submitted as hard copy to the
appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator in the State in which the
applicant's proposed project is located. A list of USDA Rural Development Energy
Coordinators is available via the following link:
www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. (c) After successful
applicants are notified of the intent to make a Federal award, applicants must
meet the requirements, including the requisite forms and certifications,
specified in 7 CFR 4280.117, 4280.118, 4280.119, and 4280.137, as applicable,
for the issuance of a grant agreement and loan note guarantee. (4) Energy audits
or renewable development assistance grant applications. (a) Grant applications
for energy audits or renewable energy development assistance must provide the
information required by 7 CFR 4280.190 to be considered a complete application.
(b) All energy audits or renewable development assistance grant applications
must be submitted either as hard copy to the appropriate Rural Development
Energy Coordinator in the State in which the applicant's proposed project is
located, or electronically using the Government-wide www.grants.gov Web site.
Instructions for submission of the application can be found at section IV.B. of
this Notice. (c) After successful applicants are notified of the intent to make
a Federal award, applicants must meet the requirements of 7 CFR 4280.195 for the
grant agreement to be executed. 5. Dun and Bradstreet Universal Numbering System
(DUNS) Number and System for Award Management (SAM). All applicants, unless
exempt under 2 CFR 25.110, or who have an exception approved by the Federal
awarding agency under 2 CFR 25.110(d), are required to: (a) Be registered in SAM
prior to submitting an application; which can be obtained at no cost via a
toll-free request line at (866) 705- 5711 or online at fedgov.dnb.com /webform.
(b) Provide a valid DUNS number in its application. (c) Continue to maintain an
active SAM registration with current information at all times during which it
has an active Federal award or an application under consideration by the Agency.
(d) If an applicant has not fully complied with the requirements of IV.C. (1)
through (3) at the time the Agency is ready to make an award, the Agency may
determine the applicant is not eligible to receive the award. C. Submission
Dates and Times. Grant applications, guaranteed loan- only applications, and
combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial assistance
provided by the 2014 Farm Bill for Federal FY 2017, and for appropriated funds
that REAP may receive from the appropriation for Federal FY 2017, may be
submitted at any time on an ongoing basis. When an application window closes,
the next application window opens on the following day. This Notice establishes
the deadline dates for the applications to be received in order to be considered
for funding. If an application window falls on a Saturday, Sunday, or Federal
holiday, the application package is due the next business day. An application
received after these dates will be considered with other applications received
in the next application window. In order to be considered for funds under this
Notice, complete applications must be received by the appropriate USDA Rural
Development State Office or via www.grants.gov. The deadline for applications to
be received to be considered for funding in Federal FY 2017 are outlined in the
following paragraphs and also summarized in a table at the end of this section:
(1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements grant
applications and combination grant and guaranteed loan applications. Application
deadlines for Federal FY 2017 grant funds are: (a) For applicants requesting
$20,000 or less that wish to have their application compete for the ``Grants of
$20,000 or less set aside,'' complete applications must be received no later
than: (i) 4:30 p.m. local time on October 31, 2016, or (ii) 4:30 p.m. local time
on March 31, 2017. (b) For applicants requesting grant funds of over $20,000
(unrestricted) or funding for a combination grant and guaranteed loan, complete
applications must be received no later than 4:30 p.m. local time on March 31,
2017. (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements guaranteed
loan-only applications. Applications will be reviewed and processed when
received, with periodic competitions. (3) Energy audits and renewable energy
development assistance grant applications. Applications must be received no
later than 4:30 p.m. local time on January 31, 2017.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Application Application Application window opening window closing dates dates
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Renewable Energy Systems and May 3, 2016....... October 31, 2016. Energy
Efficiency Improvements Grants ($20,000 or less competing for up to
approximately 50 percent of the set aside funds). Renewable Energy Systems and
November 1, 2016.. March 31, 2017 *. Energy Efficiency Improvements Grants
($20,000 or less competing for the remaining set aside funds). Renewable Energy
Systems and May 3, 2016....... March 31, 2017 *. Energy Efficiency Improvements
Grants (Unrestricted grants, including combination grant and guaranteed loan).
Renewable Energy Systems and Continuous Continuous Energy Efficiency
Improvements application cycle. application Guaranteed Loans. cycle. Energy
Audit and Renewable February 2, 2016.. January 31, 2017. Energy Development
Assistance Grants.
------------------------------------------------------------------------ *
Applications received after this date will be considered for the next funding
cycle in the subsequent Federal FY. [[Page 71693]] D. Intergovernmental Review.
REAP is not subject to Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Review of
Federal Programs. E. Funding Restrictions. The following funding limitations
apply to applications submitted under this Notice. (1) Renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvements projects. (a) Applicants can be awarded only
one renewable energy system project and one energy efficiency improvement grant
in Federal FY 2017. (b) For renewable energy system grants, the minimum grant is
$2,500 and the maximum is $500,000. For energy efficiency improvements grants,
the minimum grant is $1,500 and the maximum grant is $250,000. (c) For renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvements loan guarantees, the minimum
REAP guaranteed loan amount is $5,000 and the maximum amount of a guaranteed
loan to be provided to a borrower is $25 million. (d) Renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvements guaranteed loan and grant combination
applications. Paragraphs IV.E.(1)(b) and (c) of this Notice contain the
applicable maximum amounts and minimum amounts for grants and guaranteed loans.
Requests for guaranteed loan and combined grant and guaranteed loan will not
exceed 75 percent of eligible project costs, with any Federal grant portion not
to exceed 25 percent of the total eligible project costs, whether the grant is
part of a combination request or is a grant-only. (2) Energy audit and renewable
energy development assistance grants. (a) Applicants may submit only one energy
audit grant application and one renewable energy development assistance grant
application for Federal FY 2017 funds. (b) The maximum aggregate amount of
energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants awarded to any
one recipient under this Notice cannot exceed $100,000 for Federal FY 2017. (c)
The 2014 Farm Bill mandates that the recipient of a grant that conducts an
energy audit for an agricultural producer or a rural small business must require
the agricultural producer or rural small business to pay at least 25 percent of
the cost of the energy audit, which shall be retained by the eligible entity for
the cost of the audit. (3) Maximum grant assistance to an entity. For the
purposes of this Notice, the maximum amount of grant assistance to an entity
will not exceed $750,000 for Federal FY 2017 based on the total amount of the
renewable energy system, energy efficiency improvements, energy audit, and
renewable energy development assistance grants awarded to an entity under REAP.
F. Other Submission Requirements. (1) Environmental information. For the Agency
to consider an application, the application must include all environmental
review documents with supporting documentation in accordance with 7 CFR part
1970. Any required environmental review must be completed prior to obligation of
funds or the approval of the application. Applicants are advised to contact the
Agency to determine environmental requirements as soon as practicable to ensure
adequate review time. (2) Felony conviction and tax delinquent status. Corporate
applicants submitting applications under this Notice must include Form AD 3030,
``Representations Regarding Felony Conviction and Tax Delinquent Status for
Corporate Applicants.'' Corporate applicants who receive an award under this
Notice will be required to sign Form AD 3031, ``Assurance Regarding Felony
Conviction or Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants.'' Both forms can
be found online at www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3030, and
www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3031. (3) Original signatures. USDA Rural
Development may request that the applicant provide original signatures on forms
submitted through www.grants.gov at a later date. (4) Transparency Act
Reporting. All recipients of Federal financial assistance are required to report
information about first-tier sub- awards and executive compensation in
accordance with 2 CFR part 170. If an applicant does not have an exception under
2 CFR 170.110(b), the applicant must then ensure that they have the necessary
processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements to
receive funding. (5) Race, ethnicity, and gender. The Agency is requesting that
each applicant provide race, ethnicity, and gender information about the
applicant. The information will allow the Agency to evaluate its outreach
efforts to under-served and under-represented populations. Applicants are
encouraged to furnish this information with their applications, but are not
required to do so. An applicant's eligibility or the likelihood of receiving an
award will not be impacted by furnishing or not furnishing this information.
However, failure to furnish this information may preclude the awarding of State
Director and Administrator points in Section V.C.(1) of this Notice. V.
Application Review Information A. Criteria. In accordance with 7 CFR part 4280
subpart B, the application dates published in Section IV.C. of this Notice
identify the times and dates by which complete applications must be received in
order to compete for the funds available. (1) Renewable energy systems and
energy efficiency improvements grant applications. Complete renewable energy
systems and energy efficiency improvements grant applications are eligible to
compete in competitions as described in 7 CFR 4280.121. (a) Complete renewable
energy systems and energy efficiency improvements grant applications requesting
$20,000 or less are eligible to compete in up to five competitions as described
in 7 CFR 4280.121(b). (b) Complete renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvements grant applications, regardless of the amount of funding
requested are eligible to compete in two competitions each Federal FY-- a State
competition and a national competition as described in 7 CFR 4280.121(a). (2)
Renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements guaranteed loan
applications. Complete guaranteed loan applications are eligible for periodic
competitions as described in 7 CFR 4280.139(a). (3) Renewable energy systems and
energy efficiency improvements combined guaranteed loan and grant applications.
Complete combined guaranteed loan and grant applications are eligible to compete
in two competitions each Federal FY--a State competition and a national
competition as described in 7 CFR 4280.121(a). (4) Energy audit and renewable
energy development assistance grant applications. Complete energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance grants applications are eligible to
compete in one national competition per Federal FY as described in 7 CFR
4280.193. B. Review and Selection Process. All complete applications will be
scored in accordance with 7 CFR part 4280 subpart B and this section of the
Notice. (1) Renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements grant
applications. Renewable energy system and energy efficiency grant applications
will be scored in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.120 and selections will be made in
accordance with 7 CFR 4280.121. Due to the competitive nature of this program,
applications are competed based on submittal date. The submittal date is the
[[Page 71694]] date the Agency receives a complete application. The complete
application date is the date the Agency receives the last piece of information
that allows the Agency to determine eligibility and to score, rank, and compete
the application for funding. (a) Funds for renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvements grants of $20,000 or less will be allocated to the
States. Eligible applications must be submitted by October 31, 2016, or May 1,
2017, in order to be considered for these set-aside funds. Approximately 50
percent of these funds will be made available for those complete applications
the Agency receives by October 31, 2016, and approximately 50 percent of the
funds for those complete applications the Agency receives by May 1, 2017. All
unused State allocated funds for grants of $20,000 or less will be pooled to the
National Office. (b) Eligible applications received by May 1, 2017, for
renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements grants of $20,000 or
less, that are not funded by State allocations can be submitted to the National
Office to compete against grant applications of $20,000 or less from other
States at a national competition. Obligations of these funds will take place
prior to June 30, 2017. (c) Eligible applications for renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvements, regardless of the amount of the funding
request, received by May 1, 2017, can compete for unrestricted grant funds.
Unrestricted grant funds will be allocated to the States. All unused State
allocated unrestricted grant funds will be pooled to the National Office. (d)
National unrestricted grant funds for all eligible renewable energy system and
energy efficiency improvements grant applications received by May 1, 2017, which
include grants of $20,000 or less, that are not funded by State allocations can
be submitted to the National Office to compete against grant applications from
other States at a final national competition. (2) Renewable energy systems and
energy efficiency improvements guaranteed loan applications. Renewable energy
systems and energy efficiency improvements guaranteed loan applications will be
scored in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.135 and selections will be made in
accordance with 7 CFR 4280.139. The National Office will maintain a reserve for
renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements guaranteed loan
funds. Applications will be reviewed and processed when received. Those
applications that meet the Agency's underwriting requirements, are credit
worthy, and score a minimum of 50 points will compete in national competitions
for guaranteed loan funds periodically. All unfunded eligible guaranteed loan
-only applications received that do not score at least 50 points will be
competed against other guaranteed loan-only applications from other States at a
final national competition, if the guaranteed loan reserves have not been
completely depleted, on September 1, 2017. If funds remain after the final
guaranteed loan-only national competition, the Agency may elect to utilize
budget authority to fund additional grant-only applications. (3) Renewable
energy systems and energy efficiency improvements combined grant and guaranteed
loan applications. Renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements
combined grant and guaranteed loan applications will be scored in accordance
with 7 CFR 4280.120 and selections will be made in accordance with 7 CFR
4280.121. Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements combined
grant and guaranteed loan applications will compete with grant-only applications
for grant funds allocated to their State. If the application is ranked high
enough to receive State allocated grant funds, the State will request funding
for the guaranteed loan portion of any combined grant and guaranteed loan
applications from the National Office guaranteed loan reserve, and no further
competition will be required. All unfunded eligible applications for combined
grant and guaranteed loan applications that are received by May 1, 2017, and
that are not funded by State allocations can be submitted to the National Office
to compete against other grant and combined grant and guaranteed loan
applications from other States at a final national competition. (4) Energy audit
and renewable energy development assistance grant applications. Energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance grants will be scored in accordance with
7 CFR 4280.192 and selections will be made in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.193.
Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grant funds will be
maintained in a reserve at the National Office. Applications received by January
31, 2017 will compete for funding at a national competition, based on the
scoring criteria established under 7 CFR 4280.192, will compete for funding at a
national competition. If funds remain after the energy audit and renewable
energy development assistance national competition, the Agency may elect to
transfer budget authority to fund additional renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvements grants from the National Office reserve after pooling.
C. State Director and Administrator Points. The State Director and the
Administrator will take into consideration paragraphs V.C.(1) and (2) below in
the awarding of points for eligible renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvement grant applications submitted in Federal FY 2017: (1) 7
CFR 4280.120(g)(3) may allow for applicants who are members of unserved or
under-served populations to receive additional points if one of the following
criteria are met: (a) Owned by a veteran, including but not limited to
individuals as sole proprietors, members, partners, stockholders, etc., of not
less than 20 percent. In order to receive points, applicants must provide a
statement in their applications to indicate that owners of the project have
veteran status; or (b) Owned by a member of a socially-disadvantaged group,
which are groups whose members have been subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender
prejudice because of their identity as members of a group without regard to
their individual qualities. In order to receive points, the application must
include a statement to indicate that the owners of the project are members of a
socially-disadvantaged group. (2) 7 CFR 4280.120(g)(4) may allow for
applications that further a Presidential initiative, or a Secretary of
Agriculture priority to receive additional points including: (a) Located in
rural areas with the lowest incomes where, according to the most recent 5-year
American Community Survey, show that at least 20 percent of the population is
living in poverty. Or a project is located in a community (village, town, city,
or Census Designated Place) with a median household income of 60 percent or less
of the State's non-metropolitan median household income. This will support
Secretary of Agriculture's priority of providing 20 percent of its funding to
these areas of need; and (b) Located in designated Strike Force or Promise Zone
areas, which is a Secretary of Agriculture's priority. D. Other Submission
Requirements. Grant-only applications, guaranteed loan-only applications, and
combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial assistance may be
submitted at any time. In order to be considered for funds, complete [[Page
71695]] applications must be received by the appropriate USDA Rural Development
State Office in which the applicant's proposed project is located, or via
www.grants.gov, as identified in Section IV.C., of this Notice. (1) Insufficient
funds. If funds are not sufficient to fund the total amount of an application:
(a) For State allocated funds: (i) The applicant must be notified that they may
accept the remaining funds or submit the total request for National Office
reserve funds available after pooling. If the applicant agrees to lower its
grant request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the project will
be met and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete the project.
(ii) If two or more grant or combination applications have the same score and
remaining funds in the State allocation are insufficient to fully award them,
the Agency will notify the applicants that they may either accept the
proportional amount of funds or submit their total request for National Office
reserve funds available after pooling. If the applicant agrees to lower its
grant request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the project will
be met and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete the project. (b)
The applicant notification for national funds will depend on size of the grant
request. (i) For an application requesting a grant of $20,000 or less in which
this is the fifth and final competition or for those applications requesting
grants of over $20,000 and combined grant and guaranteed loan application, the
applicant must be notified that they may accept the remaining funds or their
grant application will be withdrawn. If the applicant agrees to lower the grant
request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the project will be met
and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete the project. (ii) For
an application requesting a grant of $20,000 or less which is eligible to
compete in one or more additional competitions after the national competition,
the applicant must be notified that they may accept the remaining funds or have
their request considered in subsequent competitions. If the applicant agrees to
lower its grant request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the
project will be met and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete the
project. (iii) If two or more grant or combination applications have the same
score and remaining funds are insufficient to fully award them, the Agency will
notify the applicants that they may either accept the proportional amount of
funds or be notified in accordance with V.D.(1)(b)(i) or (ii), as applicable.
(iv) At its discretion, the Agency may instead allow the remaining funds to be
carried over to the next Federal FY rather than selecting a lower scoring
application(s) or distributing funds on a pro-rata basis. (2) Award
considerations. All award considerations will be on a discretionary basis. In
determining the amount of a renewable energy system or energy efficiency
improvements grant or loan guarantee, the Agency will consider the six criteria
specified in 7 CFR 4280.114(e) or 7 CFR 4280.129(g), as applicable. (3)
Notification of funding determination. As per 7 CFR 4280.111(c) all applicants
will be informed in writing by the Agency as to the funding determination of the
application. VI. Federal Award Administration Information A. Federal Award
Notices. The Agency will award and administer renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvements grants, guaranteed loans in accordance with 7 CFR
4280.122, and 7 CFR 4280.139, as applicable. The Agency will award and
administer the energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants
in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.195. Notification requirements of 7 CFR 4280.111,
apply to this Notice. B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements. (1)
Equal Opportunity and Nondiscrimination. The Agency will ensure that equal
opportunity and nondiscrimination requirements are met in accordance with the
Equal Credit Opportunity Act, 15 U.S.C. 1691 et seq. and 7 CFR part 15d,
Nondiscrimination in Programs and Activities Conducted by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. The Agency will not discriminate against applicants on the basis of
race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, or age (provided
that the applicant has the capacity to contract); because all or part of the
applicant's income derives from any public assistance program; or because the
applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the Consumer Credit
Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. 1601 et seq. (2) Civil Rights Compliance. Recipients
of grants must comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42
U.S.C. 12101 et seq., Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000d
et seq., and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, 29 U.S.C. 794. This
may include collection and maintenance of data on the race, sex, and national
origin of the recipient's membership/ownership and employees. These data must be
available to conduct compliance reviews in accordance with 7 CFR 1901.204. (3)
Environmental Analysis. 7 CFR part 1970, or successor regulation outlines
environmental procedures and requirements for this subpart. Prospective
applicants are advised to contact the Agency to determine environmental
requirements as soon as practicable after they decide to pursue any form of
financial assistance directly or indirectly available through the Agency. (4)
Appeals. A person may seek a review of an Agency decision or appeal to the
National Appeals Division in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.105. (5) Reporting.
Grants, guaranteed loans, combination guaranteed loans and grants, and energy
audit and energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants that
are awarded are required to fulfill the reporting requirements as specified in
Departmental Regulations, the Grant Agreement, and in 7 CFR part 4280 subpart B
and paragraphs VI.B.(5)(a) through (d) of this Notice. (a) Renewable energy
system and energy efficiency improvements grants that are awarded are required
to fulfill the reporting requirements as specified in 7 CFR 4280.123. (b)
Guaranteed loan applications that are awarded are required to fulfill the
reporting requirements as specified in 7 CFR 4280.143. (c) Combined guaranteed
loan and grant applications that are awarded are required to fulfill the
reporting requirements as specified in 7 CFR 4280.165(f). (d) Energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance grants grant applications that are
awarded are required to fulfill the reporting requirements as specified in 7 CFR
4280.196. VII. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts For further information contact
the applicable USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator for your respective
State, as identified via the following link:
www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. For information about
this Notice, please contact Maureen Hessel, Business Loan and Grant Analyst,
USDA Rural Development, Energy Division, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop
3225, Room 6866, [[Page 71696]] Washington, DC 20250. Telephone: (202) 401-0142.
Email: maureen.hessel@wdc.usda.gov VIII. Other Information A. Paperwork
Reduction Act In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the
information collection requirements associated with renewable energy system and
energy efficiency improvements grants and guaranteed loans, as covered in this
Notice, have been approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under
OMB Control Number 0570-0050. The information collection requirements associated
with energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants have also
been approved by OMB under OMB Control Number 0570-0059. B. Nondiscrimination
Statement The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination
against its customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the basis of
race, color, national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, reprisal
and where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, religion, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income
is derived from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information
in employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the
Department. (Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or
employment activities.) If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of
discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF),
found online at www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or complete the
form at any USDA office, or call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may
also write a letter containing all of the information requested in the form.
Send your completed complaint form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at
program.intake@usda.gov Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech
disabilities and wish to file either an EEO or program complaint, please contact
USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in
Spanish). Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint,
please see information above on how to contact us directly by mail or by email.
If you require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD). Dated: October 12, 2016. Justin Hatmaker, Acting
Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service. [FR Doc. 2016-25163 Filed
10-17-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             431 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 21, 2016 Friday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Solicitation of Applications for the Rural Energy
for America Program for Federal Fiscal Year 2017 Pages 71689 - 71696 [FR DOC #
2016-25163]

LENGTH: 7873  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of
Solicitation of Applications for the Rural Energy for America Program for
Federal Fiscal Year 2017 AGENCY: Rural Business-Cooperative Service, USDA.
ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (the Agency) announces the acceptance of
applications under the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) which is designed
to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses reduce energy costs
and consumption and help meet the Nation's critical energy needs.

REAP have two types of funding assistance: (1) Renewable Energy Systems and
Energy Efficiency Improvements Assistance, and (2) Energy Audit and Renewable
Energy Development Assistance Grants. The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy
Efficiency Improvement Assistance provides grants and guaranteed loans to
agricultural producers and rural small businesses to purchase and install
renewable energy systems and make energy efficiency improvements to their
operations. Eligible renewable energy systems for REAP provide energy from:
Wind, solar, renewable biomass (including anaerobic digesters), small
hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen derived from these renewable
resources. The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is
available to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a
State, Tribal, or local government; institution of higher education; rural
electric cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as defined in 16
U.S.C. 3451. The recipient of grant funds, grantee, will establish a program to
assist agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the
energy efficiency and the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies
into their operations. DATES: See under SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION section. FOR
FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: The applicable USDA Rural Development Energy
Coordinator for your respective State, as identified via the following [[Page
71690]] link: http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. For
information about this Notice, please contact Maureen Hessel, Business Loan and
Grant Analyst, USDA Rural Development, Energy Division, 1400 Independence Avenue
SW., Stop 3225, Room 6870, Washington, DC 20250. Telephone: (202) 401-0142.
Email: maureen.hessel@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: I. Program
Description The Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) helps agricultural
producers and rural small businesses reduce energy costs and consumption and
helps meet the Nation's critical energy needs. REAP has two types of funding
assistance: (1) Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvements
Assistance and (2) Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance
Grants. The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvements
Assistance provides grants and guaranteed loans to agricultural producers and
rural small businesses for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency
improvements. Eligible renewable energy systems for REAP provide energy from:
Wind, solar, renewable biomass (including anaerobic digesters), small
hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen derived from these renewable
resources. The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant is
available to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government; instrumentality of a
State, Tribal, or local government; institution of higher education; rural
electric cooperative; a public power entity; or a council, as defined in 16
U.S.C. 3451. The recipient of grant funds, (grantee), will establish a program
to assist agricultural producers and rural small businesses with evaluating the
energy efficiency and the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies
into their operations. A. General. Applications for REAP can be submitted any
time throughout the year. This Notice announces the deadline times and dates
that applications have to be received to be considered for REAP funds provided
by the Agricultural Act of 2014, (2014 Farm Bill), and any appropriated funds
that REAP may receive from the appropriation for Federal fiscal year (FY) 2017
for grants, guaranteed loans, and combined grants and guaranteed loans to
purchase and install renewable energy systems, and make energy efficiency
improvements; and for grants to conduct energy audits and renewable energy
development assistance. The administrative requirements in effect at the time
the application window closes for a competition will be applicable to each type
of funding available under REAP and are described in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B.
In addition to the other provisions of this Notice: (1) The provisions specified
in 7 CFR 4280.101 through 4280.111 apply to each funding type described in this
Notice. (2) The requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.112 through 4280.124 apply
to renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements project grants.
(3) The requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.125 through 4280.152 apply to
guaranteed loans for renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements
projects. For Federal FY 2017, the guarantee fee amount is one percent of the
guaranteed portion of the loan, and the annual renewal fee is one-quarter of 1
percent (0.250 percent) of the guaranteed portion of the loan. (4) The
requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.165 apply to a combined grant and
guaranteed loan for renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements
projects. (5) The requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.186 through 4280.196
apply to energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants. II.
Federal Award Information A. Statutory Authority. This program is authorized
under 7 U.S.C. 8107. B. Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number.
10.868. C. Funds Available. This Notice is announcing deadline times and dates
for applications to be submitted for REAP funds provided by the 2014 Farm Bill
and any appropriated funds that REAP may receive from the congressional
enactment of a full-year appropriation for Federal FY 2017. This Notice is being
published prior to the congressional enactment of a full-year appropriation for
Federal FY 2017. The Agency will continue to process applications received under
this announcement and should REAP receive appropriated funds, these funds will
be announced on the following Web site:
www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rural-energy-america-program-renewable-energy-
systems-energy-efficiency, and are subject to the same provisions in this
Notice. To ensure that small projects have a fair opportunity to compete for the
funding and are consistent with the priorities set forth in the statute, the
Agency will set-aside 20 percent of the Federal FY 2017 funds until June 30,
2017, to fund grants of $20,000 or less. (1) Renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvements grant-funds. There will be allocations of grant funds to
each Rural Development State Office for renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvements applications. The State allocations will include an
allocation for grants of $20,000 or less funds and an allocation of grant funds
that can be used to fund renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvements applications for either grants of $20,000 or less or grants of more
than $20,000, as well as the grant portion of a combination grant and guaranteed
loan. These funds are commonly referred to as unrestricted grant funds. The
funds for grants of $20,000 or less can only be used to fund grants requesting
$20,000 or less. (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements
loan guarantee funds. Rural Development's National Office will maintain a
reserve of guaranteed loan funds. (3) Renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvements combined grant and guaranteed loan funds. The amount of
funds available for combined grant and guaranteed loan applications are outlined
in paragraphs II.(C)(1) and II.(C)(2) of this Notice. (4) Energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance grant funds. The amount of funds
available for energy audits and renewable energy development assistance in
Federal FY 2017 will be 4 percent of Federal FY 2017 mandatory funds and will be
maintained in a National Office reserve. Obligations of these funds will take
place through March 31, 2017. Any unobligated balances will be moved to the
renewable energy budget authority account, and may be utilized in any of the
renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements national
competitions. D. Approximate Number of Awards. The estimated number of awards is
1,000 based on the historical average grant size and the anticipated mandatory
funding of $50 million for Federal FY 2017, but will depend on the actual amount
of funds made available and on the number of eligible applicants participating
in this program. E. Type of Instrument. Grant, guaranteed loan, and grant/
guaranteed loan combinations. III. Eligibility Information The eligibility
requirements for the applicant, borrower, lender, and project (as applicable)
are clarified in 7 CFR part 4280 subpart B, and are summarized in this Notice.
Failure to [[Page 71691]] meet the eligibility criteria by the time of the
competition window may result in the Agency reviewing an application, but will
preclude the application from receiving funding until all criteria have been
met. A. Eligible Applicants. This solicitation is for agricultural producers and
rural small businesses, as well as units of State, Tribal, or local government;
instrumentalities of a State, Tribal, or local government; institutions of
higher education; rural electric cooperatives; public power entities; and
councils, as defined in 16 U.S.C. 3451, which serve agricultural producers and
rural small businesses. To be eligible for the grant portion of the program, an
applicant must meet the requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.109, 7 CFR
4280.110, and 7 CFR 4280.112, or 7 CFR 4280.186, as applicable. B. Eligible
Lenders and Borrowers. To be eligible for the guaranteed portion of the program,
lenders and borrowers must meet the eligibility requirements in 7 CFR 4280.125
and 7 CFR 4280.127, as applicable. C. Eligible Projects. To be eligible for this
program, a project must meet the eligibility requirements specified in 7 CFR
4280.113, 7 CFR 4280.128, and 7 CFR 4280.187, as applicable. D. Cost Sharing or
Matching. The 2014 Farm Bill mandates the maximum percentages of funding that
REAP can provide. Additional clarification is provided in paragraphs IV.F.(1)
through (3). (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements
funding. Requests for guaranteed loan and combined grant and guaranteed loan
will not exceed 75 percent of eligible project costs, with any Federal grant
portion not to exceed 25 percent of the total eligible project costs, whether
the grant is part of a combination request or is a grant-only. (2) Energy audit
and renewable energy development funds. Requests for the energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance grants, will indicate that the grantee
that conducts energy audits must require that, as a condition of providing the
energy audit, the agricultural producer or rural small business pay at least 25
percent of the cost of the energy audit. The Agency recommended practice for on
farm energy audits, audits for agricultural producers, ranchers, and farmers is
the American Society of Agricultural and Biological Engineers S612 Level II
audit. This audit conforms with program standards used by the Natural Resource
Conservation Service. An applicant that has received one or more grants under
this program must make satisfactory progress as indicated in 7 CFR 4280.100,
which has been determined by the Agency to be the expenditure of 50 percent or
more of the previously awarded grant by January 31, 2017, to be considered
eligible for subsequent funding. E. Other. Ineligible project costs can be found
in 7 CFR 4280.114(d), 7 CFR 4280.129(f), and 7 CFR 4280.188(c), as applicable.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture Departmental Regulations and Laws that
contain other compliance requirements are referenced in paragraphs VI.B.(1)
through (3), and IV.F of this Notice. Applicants who have been found to be in
violation of applicable Federal statutes will be ineligible. IV. Application and
Submission Information A. Address to Request Application Package. Application
materials may be obtained by contacting one of Rural Development's Energy
Coordinators, as identified via the following link:
www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. In addition, for grant
applications, applicants may obtain electronic grant applications for REAP from
www.grants.gov. B. Content and Form of Application Submission. Applicants
seeking to participate in this program must submit applications in accordance
with this Notice and 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B. Applicants must submit complete
applications by the dates identified in Section IV.C. of this Notice, containing
all parts necessary for the Agency to determine applicant and project
eligibility, to score the application, and to conduct the technical evaluation,
as applicable, in order to be considered. (1) Renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvements grant application. (a) Information for the required
content of a grant application to be considered complete is found in 7 CFR part
4280, subpart B. (i) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvements projects with total project costs of $80,000 or less
must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.119. (ii) Grant applications for
renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements projects with total
project costs of $200,000 or less, but more than $80,000, must provide
information required by 7 CFR 4280.118. (iii) Grant applications for renewable
energy systems and energy efficiency improvements projects with total project
costs of greater than $200,000 must provide information required by 7 CFR
4280.117. (iv) Grant applications for energy audits or renewable energy
development assistance grant applications must provide information required by 7
CFR 4280.190. (b) All grant applications must be submitted either as hard copy
to the appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator in the State in which
the applicant's proposed project is located, or electronically using the
Government-wide www.grants.gov Web site. (i) Applicants submitting a grant
application as a hard copy must submit one original to the appropriate Rural
Development Energy Coordinator in the State in which the applicant's proposed
project is located. A list of USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinators is
available via the following link:
www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. (ii) Applicants
submitting a grant application to the Agency via www.grants.gov (Web site) will
find information about submitting an application electronically through the Web
site, and may download a copy of the application package to complete it off
line, upload and submit the completed application, including all necessary
assurances and certifications, via www.grants.gov. After electronically
submitting an application through the Web site, the applicant will receive an
automated acknowledgement from www.grants.gov that contains a www.grants.gov
tracking number. USDA Rural Development strongly recommends that applicants do
not wait until the application deadline date to begin the application process
through www.grants.gov. (c) After successful applicants are notified of the
intent to make a Federal award, applicants must meet the requirements of 7 CFR
4280.122 (a) through (h) for the grant agreement to be executed. (2) Renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvements guaranteed loan application.
(a) Information for the content required for a guaranteed loan application to be
considered complete is found in 7 CFR 4280.137. (b) All guaranteed loan
applications must be submitted as a hard copy to the appropriate Rural
Development Energy Coordinator in the State in which the applicant's proposed
project is located. A list of USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinators is
available via the following link:
www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. (c) After successful
applicants are notified of the intent to make a Federal [[Page 71692]] award,
borrowers must meet the conditions prior to issuance of loan note guarantee as
outlined in of 7 CFR 4280.142. (3) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvements combined guaranteed loan and grant application. (a) Information for
the content required for a combined guaranteed loan and grant application to be
considered complete is found in 7 CFR 4280.165(c). (b) All combined guaranteed
loan and grant application applications must be submitted as hard copy to the
appropriate Rural Development Energy Coordinator in the State in which the
applicant's proposed project is located. A list of USDA Rural Development Energy
Coordinators is available via the following link:
www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. (c) After successful
applicants are notified of the intent to make a Federal award, applicants must
meet the requirements, including the requisite forms and certifications,
specified in 7 CFR 4280.117, 4280.118, 4280.119, and 4280.137, as applicable,
for the issuance of a grant agreement and loan note guarantee. (4) Energy audits
or renewable development assistance grant applications. (a) Grant applications
for energy audits or renewable energy development assistance must provide the
information required by 7 CFR 4280.190 to be considered a complete application.
(b) All energy audits or renewable development assistance grant applications
must be submitted either as hard copy to the appropriate Rural Development
Energy Coordinator in the State in which the applicant's proposed project is
located, or electronically using the Government-wide www.grants.gov Web site.
Instructions for submission of the application can be found at section IV.B. of
this Notice. (c) After successful applicants are notified of the intent to make
a Federal award, applicants must meet the requirements of 7 CFR 4280.195 for the
grant agreement to be executed. 5. Dun and Bradstreet Universal Numbering System
(DUNS) Number and System for Award Management (SAM). All applicants, unless
exempt under 2 CFR 25.110, or who have an exception approved by the Federal
awarding agency under 2 CFR 25.110(d), are required to: (a) Be registered in SAM
prior to submitting an application; which can be obtained at no cost via a
toll-free request line at (866) 705- 5711 or online at fedgov.dnb.com /webform.
(b) Provide a valid DUNS number in its application. (c) Continue to maintain an
active SAM registration with current information at all times during which it
has an active Federal award or an application under consideration by the Agency.
(d) If an applicant has not fully complied with the requirements of IV.C. (1)
through (3) at the time the Agency is ready to make an award, the Agency may
determine the applicant is not eligible to receive the award. C. Submission
Dates and Times. Grant applications, guaranteed loan- only applications, and
combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial assistance
provided by the 2014 Farm Bill for Federal FY 2017, and for appropriated funds
that REAP may receive from the appropriation for Federal FY 2017, may be
submitted at any time on an ongoing basis. When an application window closes,
the next application window opens on the following day. This Notice establishes
the deadline dates for the applications to be received in order to be considered
for funding. If an application window falls on a Saturday, Sunday, or Federal
holiday, the application package is due the next business day. An application
received after these dates will be considered with other applications received
in the next application window. In order to be considered for funds under this
Notice, complete applications must be received by the appropriate USDA Rural
Development State Office or via www.grants.gov. The deadline for applications to
be received to be considered for funding in Federal FY 2017 are outlined in the
following paragraphs and also summarized in a table at the end of this section:
(1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements grant
applications and combination grant and guaranteed loan applications. Application
deadlines for Federal FY 2017 grant funds are: (a) For applicants requesting
$20,000 or less that wish to have their application compete for the ``Grants of
$20,000 or less set aside,'' complete applications must be received no later
than: (i) 4:30 p.m. local time on October 31, 2016, or (ii) 4:30 p.m. local time
on March 31, 2017. (b) For applicants requesting grant funds of over $20,000
(unrestricted) or funding for a combination grant and guaranteed loan, complete
applications must be received no later than 4:30 p.m. local time on March 31,
2017. (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements guaranteed
loan-only applications. Applications will be reviewed and processed when
received, with periodic competitions. (3) Energy audits and renewable energy
development assistance grant applications. Applications must be received no
later than 4:30 p.m. local time on January 31, 2017.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Application Application Application window opening window closing dates dates
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Renewable Energy Systems and May 3, 2016....... October 31, 2016. Energy
Efficiency Improvements Grants ($20,000 or less competing for up to
approximately 50 percent of the set aside funds). Renewable Energy Systems and
November 1, 2016.. March 31, 2017 *. Energy Efficiency Improvements Grants
($20,000 or less competing for the remaining set aside funds). Renewable Energy
Systems and May 3, 2016....... March 31, 2017 *. Energy Efficiency Improvements
Grants (Unrestricted grants, including combination grant and guaranteed loan).
Renewable Energy Systems and Continuous Continuous Energy Efficiency
Improvements application cycle. application Guaranteed Loans. cycle. Energy
Audit and Renewable February 2, 2016.. January 31, 2017. Energy Development
Assistance Grants.
------------------------------------------------------------------------ *
Applications received after this date will be considered for the next funding
cycle in the subsequent Federal FY. [[Page 71693]] D. Intergovernmental Review.
REAP is not subject to Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Review of
Federal Programs. E. Funding Restrictions. The following funding limitations
apply to applications submitted under this Notice. (1) Renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvements projects. (a) Applicants can be awarded only
one renewable energy system project and one energy efficiency improvement grant
in Federal FY 2017. (b) For renewable energy system grants, the minimum grant is
$2,500 and the maximum is $500,000. For energy efficiency improvements grants,
the minimum grant is $1,500 and the maximum grant is $250,000. (c) For renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvements loan guarantees, the minimum
REAP guaranteed loan amount is $5,000 and the maximum amount of a guaranteed
loan to be provided to a borrower is $25 million. (d) Renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvements guaranteed loan and grant combination
applications. Paragraphs IV.E.(1)(b) and (c) of this Notice contain the
applicable maximum amounts and minimum amounts for grants and guaranteed loans.
Requests for guaranteed loan and combined grant and guaranteed loan will not
exceed 75 percent of eligible project costs, with any Federal grant portion not
to exceed 25 percent of the total eligible project costs, whether the grant is
part of a combination request or is a grant-only. (2) Energy audit and renewable
energy development assistance grants. (a) Applicants may submit only one energy
audit grant application and one renewable energy development assistance grant
application for Federal FY 2017 funds. (b) The maximum aggregate amount of
energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants awarded to any
one recipient under this Notice cannot exceed $100,000 for Federal FY 2017. (c)
The 2014 Farm Bill mandates that the recipient of a grant that conducts an
energy audit for an agricultural producer or a rural small business must require
the agricultural producer or rural small business to pay at least 25 percent of
the cost of the energy audit, which shall be retained by the eligible entity for
the cost of the audit. (3) Maximum grant assistance to an entity. For the
purposes of this Notice, the maximum amount of grant assistance to an entity
will not exceed $750,000 for Federal FY 2017 based on the total amount of the
renewable energy system, energy efficiency improvements, energy audit, and
renewable energy development assistance grants awarded to an entity under REAP.
F. Other Submission Requirements. (1) Environmental information. For the Agency
to consider an application, the application must include all environmental
review documents with supporting documentation in accordance with 7 CFR part
1970. Any required environmental review must be completed prior to obligation of
funds or the approval of the application. Applicants are advised to contact the
Agency to determine environmental requirements as soon as practicable to ensure
adequate review time. (2) Felony conviction and tax delinquent status. Corporate
applicants submitting applications under this Notice must include Form AD 3030,
``Representations Regarding Felony Conviction and Tax Delinquent Status for
Corporate Applicants.'' Corporate applicants who receive an award under this
Notice will be required to sign Form AD 3031, ``Assurance Regarding Felony
Conviction or Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants.'' Both forms can
be found online at www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3030, and
www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3031. (3) Original signatures. USDA Rural
Development may request that the applicant provide original signatures on forms
submitted through www.grants.gov at a later date. (4) Transparency Act
Reporting. All recipients of Federal financial assistance are required to report
information about first-tier sub- awards and executive compensation in
accordance with 2 CFR part 170. If an applicant does not have an exception under
2 CFR 170.110(b), the applicant must then ensure that they have the necessary
processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements to
receive funding. (5) Race, ethnicity, and gender. The Agency is requesting that
each applicant provide race, ethnicity, and gender information about the
applicant. The information will allow the Agency to evaluate its outreach
efforts to under-served and under-represented populations. Applicants are
encouraged to furnish this information with their applications, but are not
required to do so. An applicant's eligibility or the likelihood of receiving an
award will not be impacted by furnishing or not furnishing this information.
However, failure to furnish this information may preclude the awarding of State
Director and Administrator points in Section V.C.(1) of this Notice. V.
Application Review Information A. Criteria. In accordance with 7 CFR part 4280
subpart B, the application dates published in Section IV.C. of this Notice
identify the times and dates by which complete applications must be received in
order to compete for the funds available. (1) Renewable energy systems and
energy efficiency improvements grant applications. Complete renewable energy
systems and energy efficiency improvements grant applications are eligible to
compete in competitions as described in 7 CFR 4280.121. (a) Complete renewable
energy systems and energy efficiency improvements grant applications requesting
$20,000 or less are eligible to compete in up to five competitions as described
in 7 CFR 4280.121(b). (b) Complete renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvements grant applications, regardless of the amount of funding
requested are eligible to compete in two competitions each Federal FY-- a State
competition and a national competition as described in 7 CFR 4280.121(a). (2)
Renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements guaranteed loan
applications. Complete guaranteed loan applications are eligible for periodic
competitions as described in 7 CFR 4280.139(a). (3) Renewable energy systems and
energy efficiency improvements combined guaranteed loan and grant applications.
Complete combined guaranteed loan and grant applications are eligible to compete
in two competitions each Federal FY--a State competition and a national
competition as described in 7 CFR 4280.121(a). (4) Energy audit and renewable
energy development assistance grant applications. Complete energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance grants applications are eligible to
compete in one national competition per Federal FY as described in 7 CFR
4280.193. B. Review and Selection Process. All complete applications will be
scored in accordance with 7 CFR part 4280 subpart B and this section of the
Notice. (1) Renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements grant
applications. Renewable energy system and energy efficiency grant applications
will be scored in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.120 and selections will be made in
accordance with 7 CFR 4280.121. Due to the competitive nature of this program,
applications are competed based on submittal date. The submittal date is the
[[Page 71694]] date the Agency receives a complete application. The complete
application date is the date the Agency receives the last piece of information
that allows the Agency to determine eligibility and to score, rank, and compete
the application for funding. (a) Funds for renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvements grants of $20,000 or less will be allocated to the
States. Eligible applications must be submitted by October 31, 2016, or May 1,
2017, in order to be considered for these set-aside funds. Approximately 50
percent of these funds will be made available for those complete applications
the Agency receives by October 31, 2016, and approximately 50 percent of the
funds for those complete applications the Agency receives by May 1, 2017. All
unused State allocated funds for grants of $20,000 or less will be pooled to the
National Office. (b) Eligible applications received by May 1, 2017, for
renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements grants of $20,000 or
less, that are not funded by State allocations can be submitted to the National
Office to compete against grant applications of $20,000 or less from other
States at a national competition. Obligations of these funds will take place
prior to June 30, 2017. (c) Eligible applications for renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvements, regardless of the amount of the funding
request, received by May 1, 2017, can compete for unrestricted grant funds.
Unrestricted grant funds will be allocated to the States. All unused State
allocated unrestricted grant funds will be pooled to the National Office. (d)
National unrestricted grant funds for all eligible renewable energy system and
energy efficiency improvements grant applications received by May 1, 2017, which
include grants of $20,000 or less, that are not funded by State allocations can
be submitted to the National Office to compete against grant applications from
other States at a final national competition. (2) Renewable energy systems and
energy efficiency improvements guaranteed loan applications. Renewable energy
systems and energy efficiency improvements guaranteed loan applications will be
scored in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.135 and selections will be made in
accordance with 7 CFR 4280.139. The National Office will maintain a reserve for
renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements guaranteed loan
funds. Applications will be reviewed and processed when received. Those
applications that meet the Agency's underwriting requirements, are credit
worthy, and score a minimum of 50 points will compete in national competitions
for guaranteed loan funds periodically. All unfunded eligible guaranteed loan
-only applications received that do not score at least 50 points will be
competed against other guaranteed loan-only applications from other States at a
final national competition, if the guaranteed loan reserves have not been
completely depleted, on September 1, 2017. If funds remain after the final
guaranteed loan-only national competition, the Agency may elect to utilize
budget authority to fund additional grant-only applications. (3) Renewable
energy systems and energy efficiency improvements combined grant and guaranteed
loan applications. Renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements
combined grant and guaranteed loan applications will be scored in accordance
with 7 CFR 4280.120 and selections will be made in accordance with 7 CFR
4280.121. Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements combined
grant and guaranteed loan applications will compete with grant-only applications
for grant funds allocated to their State. If the application is ranked high
enough to receive State allocated grant funds, the State will request funding
for the guaranteed loan portion of any combined grant and guaranteed loan
applications from the National Office guaranteed loan reserve, and no further
competition will be required. All unfunded eligible applications for combined
grant and guaranteed loan applications that are received by May 1, 2017, and
that are not funded by State allocations can be submitted to the National Office
to compete against other grant and combined grant and guaranteed loan
applications from other States at a final national competition. (4) Energy audit
and renewable energy development assistance grant applications. Energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance grants will be scored in accordance with
7 CFR 4280.192 and selections will be made in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.193.
Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grant funds will be
maintained in a reserve at the National Office. Applications received by January
31, 2017 will compete for funding at a national competition, based on the
scoring criteria established under 7 CFR 4280.192, will compete for funding at a
national competition. If funds remain after the energy audit and renewable
energy development assistance national competition, the Agency may elect to
transfer budget authority to fund additional renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvements grants from the National Office reserve after pooling.
C. State Director and Administrator Points. The State Director and the
Administrator will take into consideration paragraphs V.C.(1) and (2) below in
the awarding of points for eligible renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvement grant applications submitted in Federal FY 2017: (1) 7
CFR 4280.120(g)(3) may allow for applicants who are members of unserved or
under-served populations to receive additional points if one of the following
criteria are met: (a) Owned by a veteran, including but not limited to
individuals as sole proprietors, members, partners, stockholders, etc., of not
less than 20 percent. In order to receive points, applicants must provide a
statement in their applications to indicate that owners of the project have
veteran status; or (b) Owned by a member of a socially-disadvantaged group,
which are groups whose members have been subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender
prejudice because of their identity as members of a group without regard to
their individual qualities. In order to receive points, the application must
include a statement to indicate that the owners of the project are members of a
socially-disadvantaged group. (2) 7 CFR 4280.120(g)(4) may allow for
applications that further a Presidential initiative, or a Secretary of
Agriculture priority to receive additional points including: (a) Located in
rural areas with the lowest incomes where, according to the most recent 5-year
American Community Survey, show that at least 20 percent of the population is
living in poverty. Or a project is located in a community (village, town, city,
or Census Designated Place) with a median household income of 60 percent or less
of the State's non-metropolitan median household income. This will support
Secretary of Agriculture's priority of providing 20 percent of its funding to
these areas of need; and (b) Located in designated Strike Force or Promise Zone
areas, which is a Secretary of Agriculture's priority. D. Other Submission
Requirements. Grant-only applications, guaranteed loan-only applications, and
combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial assistance may be
submitted at any time. In order to be considered for funds, complete [[Page
71695]] applications must be received by the appropriate USDA Rural Development
State Office in which the applicant's proposed project is located, or via
www.grants.gov, as identified in Section IV.C., of this Notice. (1) Insufficient
funds. If funds are not sufficient to fund the total amount of an application:
(a) For State allocated funds: (i) The applicant must be notified that they may
accept the remaining funds or submit the total request for National Office
reserve funds available after pooling. If the applicant agrees to lower its
grant request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the project will
be met and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete the project.
(ii) If two or more grant or combination applications have the same score and
remaining funds in the State allocation are insufficient to fully award them,
the Agency will notify the applicants that they may either accept the
proportional amount of funds or submit their total request for National Office
reserve funds available after pooling. If the applicant agrees to lower its
grant request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the project will
be met and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete the project. (b)
The applicant notification for national funds will depend on size of the grant
request. (i) For an application requesting a grant of $20,000 or less in which
this is the fifth and final competition or for those applications requesting
grants of over $20,000 and combined grant and guaranteed loan application, the
applicant must be notified that they may accept the remaining funds or their
grant application will be withdrawn. If the applicant agrees to lower the grant
request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the project will be met
and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete the project. (ii) For
an application requesting a grant of $20,000 or less which is eligible to
compete in one or more additional competitions after the national competition,
the applicant must be notified that they may accept the remaining funds or have
their request considered in subsequent competitions. If the applicant agrees to
lower its grant request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the
project will be met and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete the
project. (iii) If two or more grant or combination applications have the same
score and remaining funds are insufficient to fully award them, the Agency will
notify the applicants that they may either accept the proportional amount of
funds or be notified in accordance with V.D.(1)(b)(i) or (ii), as applicable.
(iv) At its discretion, the Agency may instead allow the remaining funds to be
carried over to the next Federal FY rather than selecting a lower scoring
application(s) or distributing funds on a pro-rata basis. (2) Award
considerations. All award considerations will be on a discretionary basis. In
determining the amount of a renewable energy system or energy efficiency
improvements grant or loan guarantee, the Agency will consider the six criteria
specified in 7 CFR 4280.114(e) or 7 CFR 4280.129(g), as applicable. (3)
Notification of funding determination. As per 7 CFR 4280.111(c) all applicants
will be informed in writing by the Agency as to the funding determination of the
application. VI. Federal Award Administration Information A. Federal Award
Notices. The Agency will award and administer renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvements grants, guaranteed loans in accordance with 7 CFR
4280.122, and 7 CFR 4280.139, as applicable. The Agency will award and
administer the energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants
in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.195. Notification requirements of 7 CFR 4280.111,
apply to this Notice. B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements. (1)
Equal Opportunity and Nondiscrimination. The Agency will ensure that equal
opportunity and nondiscrimination requirements are met in accordance with the
Equal Credit Opportunity Act, 15 U.S.C. 1691 et seq. and 7 CFR part 15d,
Nondiscrimination in Programs and Activities Conducted by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. The Agency will not discriminate against applicants on the basis of
race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, or age (provided
that the applicant has the capacity to contract); because all or part of the
applicant's income derives from any public assistance program; or because the
applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the Consumer Credit
Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. 1601 et seq. (2) Civil Rights Compliance. Recipients
of grants must comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42
U.S.C. 12101 et seq., Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000d
et seq., and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, 29 U.S.C. 794. This
may include collection and maintenance of data on the race, sex, and national
origin of the recipient's membership/ownership and employees. These data must be
available to conduct compliance reviews in accordance with 7 CFR 1901.204. (3)
Environmental Analysis. 7 CFR part 1970, or successor regulation outlines
environmental procedures and requirements for this subpart. Prospective
applicants are advised to contact the Agency to determine environmental
requirements as soon as practicable after they decide to pursue any form of
financial assistance directly or indirectly available through the Agency. (4)
Appeals. A person may seek a review of an Agency decision or appeal to the
National Appeals Division in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.105. (5) Reporting.
Grants, guaranteed loans, combination guaranteed loans and grants, and energy
audit and energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants that
are awarded are required to fulfill the reporting requirements as specified in
Departmental Regulations, the Grant Agreement, and in 7 CFR part 4280 subpart B
and paragraphs VI.B.(5)(a) through (d) of this Notice. (a) Renewable energy
system and energy efficiency improvements grants that are awarded are required
to fulfill the reporting requirements as specified in 7 CFR 4280.123. (b)
Guaranteed loan applications that are awarded are required to fulfill the
reporting requirements as specified in 7 CFR 4280.143. (c) Combined guaranteed
loan and grant applications that are awarded are required to fulfill the
reporting requirements as specified in 7 CFR 4280.165(f). (d) Energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance grants grant applications that are
awarded are required to fulfill the reporting requirements as specified in 7 CFR
4280.196. VII. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts For further information contact
the applicable USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinator for your respective
State, as identified via the following link:
www.rd.usda.gov/files/RBS_StateEnergyCoordinators.pdf. For information about
this Notice, please contact Maureen Hessel, Business Loan and Grant Analyst,
USDA Rural Development, Energy Division, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop
3225, Room 6866, [[Page 71696]] Washington, DC 20250. Telephone: (202) 401-0142.
Email: maureen.hessel@wdc.usda.gov VIII. Other Information A. Paperwork
Reduction Act In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the
information collection requirements associated with renewable energy system and
energy efficiency improvements grants and guaranteed loans, as covered in this
Notice, have been approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under
OMB Control Number 0570-0050. The information collection requirements associated
with energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grants have also
been approved by OMB under OMB Control Number 0570-0059. B. Nondiscrimination
Statement The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination
against its customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the basis of
race, color, national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, reprisal
and where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, religion, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income
is derived from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information
in employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the
Department. (Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or
employment activities.) If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of
discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF),
found online at www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or complete the
form at any USDA office, or call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may
also write a letter containing all of the information requested in the form.
Send your completed complaint form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at
program.intake@usda.gov Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech
disabilities and wish to file either an EEO or program complaint, please contact
USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in
Spanish). Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint,
please see information above on how to contact us directly by mail or by email.
If you require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD). Dated: October 12, 2016. Justin Hatmaker, Acting
Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service. [FR Doc. 2016-25163 Filed
10-17-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             432 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                August 16, 1999

Editorial: A Happy Anniversary

LENGTH: 534 words

The Housing Act of 1949 turns 50 this year, and for those of us who haven't been
in the business for half a century, the Housing Assistance Council has been kind
enough to point out why this is a significant event. It was back in 1949 that
Congress created the first of the rural housing programs that have endured to
this day, the section 502 and section 504 loans (now designated the RHS - Rural
Housing Service - 502 and 504, after a complicated bureaucratic rejiggering
we've described in a previous editorial).

Rural housing wasn't the only provision of the 1949 bill, HAC's Joe Belden
points out in the latest issue of Rural Voices, but the provisions that were set
up in the Act endure and provide the linchpins of the government's effort to
promote decent and affordable housing to our rural citizens.

Why did they do so? Mr. Belden points out that the will of the Congress was set
forth directly and eloquently in the preamble, which stated the goal of "a
decent home and a suitable environment for every American family."

The Act set up a direct home loan program for farmers (the 502) and a rehab loan
and grant program for very low income people (the 504). Since 1949 these have
been followed by section 514 (Farm Labor Housing Loans), section 515 (Rural
Rental Housing Loans), section 516 (Farm Labor Housing Grants), Section 523
(Self Help TA and Site Loans), Section 524 (Site Loans), Section 521 (Rental
Assistance), Section 533 (Housing Preservation Grants), Section 502
(Single-Family Guaranteed Loans) and Section 538 (Rural Rental Guaranteed Loans)
. These programs have gathered steam over the decades, even though rural
populations have fallen with the growth of urban and suburban areas. For the
1950s, Mr. Belden points out, the old Farmers Home Administration funded $ 218
million in loans and grants. That increased tenfold in the 1960s, to $ 2.4
billion. And the 1970s saw another tenfold increase, to $ 24.3 billion.

Mr. Belden characterizes the federal rural housing effort as "a housing program
that has worked." Certainly it has been one that has been necessary. We have
taken the opportunity in the last couple of years to tour some of the rural
areas of this country, only to find the kind of "invisible" poverty and
substandard housing that is out of the reach of the nightly news, and so less
amenable to reform.

Rural areas, though neglected of late years, remain prime territory for
expanding mortgage markets. Tens of millions of people still live in rural
America, but they are not as competently served by the banking and mortgage
industries as their counterparts in cities and suburbia. The fact that rural
residents have the highest rate of homeownership in the country ought to signal
to lenders that here is fertile, stable ground to increase market share. An
astonishing three of four rural residents is a homeowner.

Rural initiatives by banks with nationwide reach (Bank of America/NationsBank,
Wells Fargo/Norwest come to mind) have some potential to change this. The
opening of the Federal Home Loan Bank System to commercial banks has meant
thousands of rural banks can now tap into remote money for their local
borrowers.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 1999 Faulkner & Gray, a division of Thomson
              Information Services, Inc., a New York corporation



                             433 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                       May 3, 1993, Monday, City Edition

Don't make assumptions when it comes to coverage

BYLINE: BERNICE STENGLE; JUDY STARK

SECTION: BUSINESS; BUSINESS primer; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 484 words



Another in a weekly series designed to help readers with business terminology

Q. What is the difference between homeowners insurance and flood insurance?

A. Basically, there are three types of homeowners insurance, said Jill
Chamberlin of the Florida Department of Insurance. These include cash value
policies, which pay a depreciated value on the structure and contents;
replacement coverage, which pays up to a predetermined amount of the policy;
and guaranteed replacement coverage.

Many residents wrongly assume their homeowner policies will cover damage  from
rising water. Flood insurance, provided by a branch of the federal  government,
generally is separate.

The National Flood Insurance Program, part of the Federal Emergency  Management
Agency, has provided flood insurance since 1968. Homeowners with  federally
backed mortgage loans are required by law to buy flood insurance if  their
property lies within a flood hazard area. Most lenders also require it  before
they will issue a conventional mortgage loan.

Any homeowner or renter can buy federal flood insurance as long the  residence
is in a community that belongs to the national program.

Q. What is guaranteed replacement coverage homeowners insurance?

A. It is considered the best coverage a homeowner can get. It is an  insurance
policy that promises to pay the full cost of replacing a house  regardless of
unexpected expense due to local conditions. For example, a house  that is
estimated to cost $ 100,000 to replace actually may cost even more if  the price
of materials suddenly goes up or new building codes apply.

Because of replacement costs associated with Hurricane Andrew, State Farm,  the
largest insurance company in Florida, has stopped offering guaranteed
replacement and has limited the amount it will pay on existing policies. Other
companies could follow suit.

Q. What happens if a homeowner can't get any kind of insurance for the home?

A. Because of the losses from Hurricane Andrew, a number of companies went  out
of business and others stopped offering homeowners insurance or limited  the
amount of business they do in Florida. Thousands of Floridians were unable  to
find homeowners insurance. As a result, the state set up a Joint  Underwriting
Association, which is a private risk pool of companies still  writing insurance
in Florida to provide coverage for those who can't find it  elsewhere. Rates on
insurance from the association will be higher than  conventional rates.

Q. More questions?

A. For more information, call the state Department of Insurance at (800)
342-2762, or write for the state's newly updated insurance guide. Send your
name and address and the number of copies you want to Florida Department of
Insurance, 200 E Gaines St., Tallahassee, FL 32399-0300, attention Data
Control.

- BERNICE STENGLE and JUDY STARK

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: SERIES

                            Times Publishing Company


                             434 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Loans Backing Farmer Mac Securities to Be Reported as 'Sales'

                           January 4, 1989, Wednesday

By BARBARA A. REHM, Washington Bureau

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Federal bank regulators have decided that reports on agricultural mortgage loan
programs should conform with reports on residential mortgage programs.

The Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council recently announced that
farm mortgages backing securities guaranteed by the Federal Agricultural
Mortgage Corp. - known as Farmer Mac - will be treated as "sales" rather than
"borrowings" on call reports.

Loans backing securities issued by other government entities - such as the
Government National Mortgage Association, the Federal National Mortgage
Association, and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. - also are classified as
sales on the quarterly reports of condition, known as call reports, that banks
must file with regulators.

The Agricultural Credit Act of 1987 created Farmer Mac to develop a secondary
market for qualified farm real estate loans. Farmer Mac guarantees payment of
principal and interest on securities backed by pools of farm mortgage loans.

Farmer Mac raised a required $20 million in an initial stock offering this past
fall. An interim board of directors has approved the official slate of
candidates for a permanent board, which will be selected at Farmer Mac's first
annual meeting on Feb. 23. The reporting requirements are expected to become
effective once the agency is fully organized.

Actual loan sales in the secondary farm real estate market may begin as early as
the third quarter of 1989, according to Weldon Barton of the Independent Bankers
Association of America. Still to be finalized are loan underwriting and
appraisal standards for farm real estate.

The Financial Institutions Examination Council is composed of representatives
from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., the Federal Reserve Board, and the
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.
The American Banker

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 309 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1989 American Banker, Inc.


                             435 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       January 22, 1999 Friday 2D EDITION

SBA loan-volume drop sign of strong economy Banks, other lenders serving
small-business needs

BYLINE: By Robert Schwab, Denver Post Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-01

LENGTH: 457 words


The U.S. Small Business Administration guaranteed fewer loans to businesses in
Colorado and across a six-state region in 1998 than it did in 1997, but SBA's
new regional administrator said the decline results from banks and other lenders
chasing small-business customers.

"The economy is so robust and there's such fierce competition for the
small-business customer," said Kathleen Piper, SBA regional administrator, "some
of the people we traditionally have served are being served with conventional
loans."

In Colorado, SBA guaranteed 1,051 business loans for a total of $ 271 million in
1998, compared with 1,166 loans for an aggregate $ 281 million in 1997, said
Chris Chavez, regional communications director for SBA.

In the region - Colorado, Montana, North and South Dakota, Utah and Wyoming -
the agency guaranteed 2,829 loans for an aggregate of $ 705 million in 1998,
compared with 3,095 loans for a total of $ 668 million in 1997.

"It has to to with the economy," said Chavez. "It's very good, and a lot of
lenders are going without the SBA guarantee."

Chavez said the agency also guaranteed more large real-estate loans than loans
to support business operations, which are smaller, accounting for the larger
dollar volume of loans vs. the total number in the six-state region in 1998.

Piper said the agency is dealing with two kinds of economies over the six
states: vibrant urban areas like Denver and Salt Lake City, and rural areas that
have been devastated by low crop and livestock prices, a result of recessions in
Asian markets which buy U.S. farm goods.

"The ag community is suffering very much," she said. "In the Dakotas, hog prices
are lower than anything anyone can remember," she said. Piper is from Yankton,
S.D., where she and her husband operate a flower shop.

Piper said rural areas are among the target markets where SBA would like to
increase lending guarantees, as well as among women business owners, veterans
and minority owners of businesses.

Norwest Bank, Colorado's perennial leading SBA lender, last year retook the No.
1 spot from Bank One, which in 1997 became the state's top lender on the wings
of a trial-SBA program it operated exclusively that speeded up the processing
time for approving loans.

Chavez said all banks had that program available to them this year.

Norwest Bank made 93 loans for a total of $ 14.7 million to win the top spot on
the Colorado lenders list. Bank One trailed, making 85 SBA-backed loans for a
value of $ 12.6 million.

Bank of Commerce, a San Diego-based lender that first entered the Colorado
market in 1997, topped the 1998 Colorado list based solely on dollar volume.

It made 41 guaranteed business loans for a total value of $ 17.8 million.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: STATISTICS

                        Copyright 1999 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             436 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               September 16, 1991

FAMC Facing Capital Standard

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 128 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Senate Agriculture Committee has proposed establishing minimum capital
standards for the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp.

The standards are included in legislation for Farmer Mac and the Farm Credit
System.

The Senate has proposed a capital requirement of .5% of the total outstanding
principal amount of guaranteed securities backed by loan pools.  Additional
capital standards based on Farmer Mac's on-balance sheet assets also are set.

The Farm Credit Administration, regulator of Farmer Mac and FCS, has urged
Congress to allow it to set capital standards.  Farmer Mac prefers to have
leverage capital standards established by statute as is being proposed for the
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. and the Federal National Mortgage Association.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             437 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                           November 22, 2007 Thursday
                                   1 Edition

O.C.'s businesses, farms borrowed $4.5 billion in small loans in 2006;
JAN NORMAN REGISTER WRITER

BYLINE: JAN NORMAN

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. Briefing_D

LENGTH: 174 words


Financial institutions made more than a quarter of a million small loans
totaling $4.5 billion to Orange County businesses and farms in 2006, according
to the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council.

The data, compiled under the Community Reinvestment Act, gives a broader picture
of small-business lending in Orange County than the U.S. Small Business
Administration's guaranteed loan program.

Commercial banks and savings institutions with $1 billion or more in assets must
report their business loans of less than $1 million.

However, of the 1,028 lenders filing reports in 2006, about half were smaller
than the minimum requirement and filed voluntarily.

For Orange County, 131 institutions filed reports, but more than a third made
only one or two loans all year. Just 16 made loans to Orange County farms, which
are reported separately.

Although they're called small-business loans, they aren't necessarily made to
small businesses.

To see a list of the lenders and to read more about small businesses, go to
www.ocregister.com/jan.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2007 The Orange County Register (California)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             438 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 25, 2016 Friday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Request for Extension of a Currently Approved
Information Collection

LENGTH: 665  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of
Request for Extension of a Currently Approved Information Collection AGENCY:
Rural Business-Cooperative Service, USDA. ACTION: Proposed collection; Comments
requested.

----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the Rural Business-Cooperative Service's (RBS) intention to request an extension
of a currently approved information collection in support of the program for 7
CFR part 4279-A, ``Guaranteed Loanmaking--General. DATES: Comments on this
notice must be received by May 24, 2016 to be assured of consideration. FOR
FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Ginger Allen, Business and Industry Loan Processing
Branch, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, STOP
3224, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-3224. Telephone: (202)
690-0309. The TDD number is (800) 877-8339 or (202) 708-9300. SUPPLEMENTARY
INFORMATION: Title: Guaranteed Loanmaking--Business and Industry Loans. OMB
Number: 0570-0018. Expiration Date of Approval: August 31, 2016. Type of
Request: Extension of a currently approved information collection. Abstract: The
Business and Industry (B&I) Guaranteed Loan Program was legislated in 1972 under
Section 310B of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, as amended. The
purpose of the program is to improve, develop, or finance businesses,
industries, and employment and improve the economic and environmental climate in
rural communities. This purpose is achieved through bolstering the existing
private [[Page 16137]] credit structure through the guaranteeing of quality
loans made by lending institutions, thereby providing lasting community
benefits. The collected information is necessary to assist Agency loan officers
and approval officials in determining program eligibility and program
monitoring. Estimate of Burden: Public reporting for this collection of
information is estimated to average 30 minutes to 12 hours per response.
Respondents: Business or other for-profit; State, Local or Tribal; Lenders,
accountants, attorneys. Estimated Number of Respondents: 225. Estimated Number
of Responses per Respondent: 1. Estimated Number of Responses: 462. Estimated
Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 955 hours. Copies of this information
collection can be obtained from Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and Paperwork
Management Branch, Support Services Division at (202) 692-0040. Comments:
Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of information is
necessary for the proper performance of the functions of RBS, including whether
the information will have practical utility; (b) the accuracy of RBS's estimate
of the burden of the proposed collection of information including the validity
of the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to enhance the quality,
utility, and clarity of the information to be collected; and (d) ways to
minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to
respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and
Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Rural Development, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Ave. SW.,
Washington, DC 20250. All responses to this notice will be summarized and
included in the request for OMB approval. All comments will also become a matter
of public record. Dated: February 25, 2016. William C. Smith, Acting
Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service. [FR Doc. 2016-06768 Filed
3-24-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             439 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 19, 1992, Saturday, Final Edition

$ 2 Billion in Credits to Russia Likely From U.S. Ex-Im Bank

Stuart Auerbach, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; PAGE C2

LENGTH: 289 words


The U.S. Export-Import Bank is on the verge of an agreement to give Russia $ 2
billion in credits to buy American exploration and drilling equipment.

The credits also would be used by Russia to hire U.S. service companies for its
faltering oil and gas industry, one of the former communist giant's few sectors
that generate exports to the West for hard currency. Eugene K. Lawson, vice
chairman of the bank, which helps finance the overseas sale of U.S. products,
said the credits would be guaranteed by income generated by the expanded
production provided by the new equipment.

Lawson disclosed the nearing agreement on oil and gas loans yesterday on the eve
of his departure from the Export-Import Bank to become the president of the
newly created U.S.-Russia Business Council.

Russia is having an increasingly difficult time paying its debts to the West and
has been defaulting on an almost daily basis on U.S.-guaranteed loans to buy
U.S. farm products. Farm loan defaults totaled $ 49.2 million as of yesterday,
Agriculture Department spokesman Roger Runningen said. But Lawson said the
demand for petroleum products will make it easy for the bank to collect on the
credits. He said money from overseas sales of oil and gas will be put aside to
cover the loan, a major concession by the Russian federation, which had balked
on earmarking hard currency for repayment.Alexey V. Ulyukaev, chief economic
adviser to Russia's new prime minister, Viktor S. Chernomyrdin, told editors and
reporters of The Washington Post that the dispute had been between Russia's oil
and gas industry, which wanted the credits, and the Finance Ministry, which
objected to holding back on some export earnings to ensure the loans are repaid.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS, FOREIGN NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                             440 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Courier (Freeman, South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 15, 2010

Farm loan program options at FSA;
FSA Notes Turner County Farm Service Agency Parker - 297-5564

BYLINE: by Richard Hotter, FLM

LENGTH: 572  words


The Farm Service Agency (FSA) offers loans for farmers and ranchers to purchase
farmland and finance agricultural operations. FSA loan programs are designed to
help producers who are temporarily unable to obtain private or commercial
credit. In many cases, applicants are beginning farmers who have insufficient
net worth to qualify for financing through a commercial lender. In other
instances, borrowers might have suffered setbacks from natural disasters or
might be persons with limited resources.

Farm ownership loans or farm operating loans may be obtained as direct loans for
a maximum of up to $300,000. Guaranteed loans can reach a maximum indebtedness
of $1,094,000. Emergency loans are always direct loans for fanners who may have
suffered physical or production losses in disaster areas designated by a
Presidential or Secretarial disaster declaration. Rural youth loans, loans to
beginning farmers and loans for socially disadvantaged applicants are also
available through FSA.

For detail information loan eligibility or the different available loan
programs, just contact the county office staff for an appointment with a farm
loan officer.

Down payment loan program

FSA has a special loan program to assist socially disadvantaged and beginning
farmers in purchasing a farm. Retiring farmers may use this program to transfer
their land to future generations.

To qualify:

The applicant must make a cash down payment of at least 5 percent of the
purchase price.

The maximum loan amount does not exceed 45 percent of the least of (a) the
purchase price of the farm or ranch to be acquired; (b) the appraised value of
the farm or ranch to be acquired; or (c) $500,000 (Note: This results in a
maximum loan amount of $225,000).

The term of the loan is 20 years. The interest rate is 4 percent below the
direct Farm Ownership Loan rate, but not lower than 1.5 percent.

The remaining balance may be obtained from a commercial lender or private party.
FSA can provide up to a 95 percent guarantee if financing is obtained from a
commercial lender. Participating lenders do not have to pay a guarantee fee.

Youth loans

The Farm Service Agency makes loans to rural youths to establish and operate
agricultural income-producing projects in connection with 4-H clubs, FFA and
other agricultural groups. Projects must be planned and operated with the help
of the organization advisor, produce sufficient income to repay the loan and
provide the youth with practical business and educational experience. The
maximum loan amount is $5000.

Youth loan eligibility requirements:

Be a citizen of the United States (which includes Puerto Rico, the Virgin
Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands)
or a legal resident alien

Be 10 years to 21 years of age

Live in a rural area or in a town of 50,000 people or fewer

Must obtain a written recommendation and consent from a parent or guardian if
the applicant has not reached die age of majority under state law

Comply with FSA's general eligibility requirements

Conduct a modest agricultural income-producing project in a supervised program
of work as outlined above

Demonstrate capability of planning, managing and operating me project under
guidance and assistance from a project advisor. The project supervisor must
recommend the project and me loan, along with providing adequate supervision.

Please call me office with questions or to make an appointment at 605-297-5564.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FRE

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2010 Freeman, South Dakota Courier


                             441 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                     Pacific Intermountain Mortgage Company

                                2420 Main Street
                             Baker City,  OR 97814
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (541) 523-4079
FAX: (541) 523-8854
URL: www.pacificim.net

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Pacific Intermountain Mortgage Company is located in Baker City in beautiful
Northeastern Oregon. We specialize in long-term loans, secured by mortgages or
deeds of trust to finance the purchase of farms, ranches, improvements, or for
refinancing or consolidation of existing farm debt.  We have proudly served
borrowers in Eastern Oregon and Washington, Idaho, and Northern Nevada since
1996.  We utilize the Farmer Mac I and II programs that are designed for buyers
and owners of farms and rural properties. These programs:   Provide flexibility
to choose from a variety of loan terms including: Long-term fixed-rate mortgages
Adjustable-rate mortgages Options for early payment or prepayment without
penalties Option for frequency of payment Provides competitive rates. Help
farmers manage financial risks.  Pacific Intermountain Mortgage Company has
relationships with Old West Federal Credit Union and Malheur Federal Credit
Union to process all FSA (Farm Service Agency) Farm Ownership Guaranteed Loans.
Loans will be originated, packaged, and serviced through Pacific Intermountain
Mortgage Company.  The staff at Pacific Intermountain Mortgage Company looks
forward to assisting you through the loan process. Our goal is to provide you
with excellent customer service and to help you meet your financial needs.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             442 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Farm Loan Guarantee Funds Running Dry Months Early

                            February 8, 1999, Monday

By LAURA PAVLENKO LUTTON


Popular federal programs that guarantee farm loans are already running out of
money, forcing banks to assume more risk or abandon borrowers.

There is funding to guarantee $2.8 billion of loans this year as in the past
two. But demand has spiked, because farmers are suffering from low commodity and
livestock prices.

About 15 states have already used up their allotments.

"Typically we run out between May and August, but we are going through our funds
more quickly this year," said Steven Ford, a spokesman for the Farm Service
Agency, part of the Department of Agriculture.

Each year more than 5,000 banks use the funds to guarantee up to 90% of real
estate and operating loans or to discount loan interest rates.

Many banks want to use the guarantees this year to reissue debt that farmers
cannot pay off with proceeds from their 1998 crops.

Harley D. Bergmeyer, chairman and chief executive officer of Saline State Bank,
Wilber, Neb., said many local farmers will have a hard time getting credit
without the guarantees. "This program is a last-resort type of thing," he said.
"This is the most important tool we have to help these people."

Mr. Bergmeyer said his $52 million-asset bank was notified in late January that
money for one of Nebraska's programs is already gone. "It's so frustrating," he
said. "These farmers we're working with need help, and they need it now."

The American Bankers Association, the Independent Bankers Association of
America, the Farm Credit Council, and a dozen farm trade groups are lobbying
Congress and the Clinton administration to increase funding for the guarantee
programs.

"We want to make sure that every farmer and rancher that is having financial
difficulties has access to the options that the guaranteed loan programs offer,"
the groups said in letters to lawmakers and USDA Secretary Dan Glickman last
week.

John Blanchfield, manager of the ABA's agricultural bankers division, said he is
optimistic that Congress will include more funding for the guarantees when it
agrees on supplemental appropriations this spring. "Clearly this is what
everyone wants," he said. "These funding programs are running out of money, and
we can't let that happen."

Copyright c 1999 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: COMMUNITY; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 385 words

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 American Banker, Inc.


                             443 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

              January 26, 1994, Wednesday, DAILY: TORONTO EDITION

GICs to fund farm loans introduced

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 47

LENGTH: 147 words

DATELINE: St. Catharines, Ont.


Ontario residents can now buy guaranteed investment certificates that fund loans
to local farms and give investors an RRSP-style tax break, the provincial
government says.

The Farm-Plus Plan is designed to pool money invested from small-town Ontario
and keep it there, Agriculture Minister Elmer Buchanan said yesterday.

Too often the money is siphoned away from rural communities and sent to Toronto
or invested overseas, he said.

''It's the kind of catalyst that will help put Ontario's rural economy back on
the path to self-reliance and growth,'' Buchanan said.

Investors can purchase the certificates at credit unions and caisses populaires
throughout the province.

The money invested will be loaned exclusively to farms and farm-related
businesses in the immediate area.

The province will guarantee the first 20% of a loan in case of default.


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1994 Financial Post Ltd.


                             444 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                                  May 23, 2014

Bond - Kwara PDP Asks Gov Ahmed to Disclose State's Debt Profile

BYLINE: Abdulwahab Abdulah

LENGTH: 285 words


ILORIN -- The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in Kwara State has challenged
Governor Abdulfatah Ahmed to publicly disclose the debt profile of the state
before taking another bond.

Chairman of the party in the state, Akogun Iyiola Oyedepo, who made this known
in a statement yesterday, said the government should let the people know what
they were owing as it had not accounted for the N17 billion and N10 billion
bonds taken in 2009 and 2010 respectively, before taking another N23 billion
bond.

He said: "They should let us know how much the state is owing before they can
take another loan. Governor Ahmed should not take a loan of N23 billion without
accounting for all he has taken since 2011."

According to Oyedepo, none of what the state government claimed it used the N17
billion for had any direct effect on the well-being of the people of the state,
adding that the agricultural modernization the government said it had done was a
ruse, since there was no modernization in the sector.

Oyedepo listed Secretariat phase II, Ilorin Water Reticulation, Aviation
College, Cargo Terminal, Kwara State University, urban roads and settlement of
outstanding debt as projects government claimed to have used the bond for.

"No agriculture has been modernized in Kwara. The PDP position is that the Songa
farm experiment is a total failure," he said. He added that the Songa farm was
unable to pay the N650 million the state guaranteed for it, as N850 million was
later deducted from the state's statutory allocation to offset the Songa loan.

"A farm that cannot pay back its loan is nothing but a failure. I challenge the
government to proof that it is the proceeds from the Songa farm that paid the
loan," Oyedepo said.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             445 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                              May 2, 2009 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Ottawa to expand farm-loan program

BYLINE: Canwest News Service

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B10

LENGTH: 236  words

DATELINE: EDGELEY, Sask.


While recession and flu dominate national headlines, Prime Minister Stephen
Harper dropped in on Saskatchewan yesterday to talk farming.

In a highly staged setting -- a clean pitchfork propped up against a wall and a
shiny green combine as a backdrop -- Harper stood at a lectern draped with a
"supporting farmers" sign to announce the expansion of a farm loan program.

"This move will give our farmers the additional support they need to establish
and improve Canada's farms today and ensure they can pass them on to their
children in the future," Harper told about 40 party faithful on a farm near
Edgeley, about 50 kilometres northeast of Regina.

With Agriculture Minister Gerry Ritz at his side, Harper said his government
plans to introduce legislation that will guarantee an estimated $1 billion in
loans over the next five years. Most of the money will go to farmers and
co-operatives that were previously ineligible.

Ritz explained the plan will expand the scope of the Farm Improvement and
Marketing

Co-operative Loans Act by

"virtually doubling" the amount of guaranteed credit available to farmers,
expanding the criteria so that new farmers -- excluded now -- will be eligible,
expanding the criteria so more agricultural

co-ops can apply and providing support so young farmers can more easily take
over the family farm.

Ritz said the loans act will be reviewed in five years to respond to farmers'
changing needs.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2009 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                             446 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Nation (Kenya)

                             March 8, 2014 Saturday

Breed maize seed, make Sh65 a kilo

BYLINE: DENNIS ODUNGA -1

LENGTH: 681  words


Mr Emmanuel Barasa has been breeding maize seed since independence.

He worked as a teacher for only eight years and quit in 1966 to concentrate on
his Mukuyuni farm in Kiminini division, Trans Nzoia County. He did not go for
maize, the county's staple.

He opted for maize seed that he has been selling to the Kenya Seed Company, the
since the '70s.

Mr Emmanuel Barasa has been breeding maize seed since independence.

As the  settlers left, Mr Barasa saw an opportunity. He, together with eight of
his friends, raised funds and bought land in 1968.

"We successfully applied for loans from Agricultural Finance Corporation (AFC)
and started buying land that we eventually subdivided amongst ourselves,"
recalls Mr Barasa 78.

His friends have since died, leaving their portions of land to their families.

He practises both animal and crop production. Last year, (there is only one
planting season in a year for maize in Trans Nzoia) he  had 94 acres  under
maize. He also  had other food crops on 60 acres and eucalyptus trees on another
60 acres.

Mr Barasa says securing a contract with the KSC is well paying besides the
market for his cereals being guaranteed. "Farmers are sure that they will sell
all they have at the agreed prices," he says.

A farmer only needs to apply stating his interest to do business with the
company. The company officials will visit the farm to assess the applicant's
potential and if his farm is appropriate for the seed varieties the company
wants to produce for the market.

He disclosed that KSC pays farmers Sh65 per kilogramme of maize seed, which has
been processed by the company.

"The company transports the maize to its premises for drying before it is put in
sacks and weighed," he explained.

This translates to Sh6,500 for 100 kgs compared to Sh3,000 offered to farmers by
the National Cereals Produce Board (NCPB) for a 90 kg bag of maize.

Farmers are provided with planting seeds after renewing their applications
annually. Costs for the farm inputs are deducted from the farmers' profits.

The seed company buys the female seeds whereas the male ones are left to the
farmer to sell to other retail outlets or for family use. "The female ones are
cross pollinated by the male ones. They are the ones produced into various
hybrid seeds to suit various climatic conditions," he explained.

Hybrid maize is as a result of cross-pollination of two unrelated male and
female plants. Maize produces a female flower known as silks and a male one
called the tassel.

A plant may be used as either a male or female parent. If a plant is used as a
male, the pollen from the plant is used to cross onto the silks of a different
female plant. Pollen from the female plant is eliminated, usually by physically
removing the tassel from the female plant before it sheds its pollen.

"Besides being guaranteed of markets for our produce, the company also accepts
to be our guarantors when we need loans from banks and deducts the money when
they are paying us," says Mr Barasa.

According to him, most farmers find it hard to comply with the stringent
planting requirements set by the KSC. For example, the maize farm closest to his
should be 200 metres away to avoid cases of contamination through cross
pollination. With the diminishing land sizes, many farmers find this condition
untenable.

"Small-scale farmers cannot cultivate maize for seeds unless they join hands
with others to work on larger pieces of land," said Mr Barasa.

NO REGRETS

With best agricultural practices, according to Mr Barasa, a farmer can harvest
at least 20 bags per acre. His farming activities have enabled him educate his
children, four of whom are in university.

Mr Barasa says youth should not consider agriculture as an occupation for those
who have retired.

"I started working on the farm when I was young and I have no regrets. I have
seen graduates leading desperate lives because they can't get jobs. They should
embrace agriculture."

KSC managing director Willy Bett says planting maize for seeds has been
beneficial to farmers, but  he has raised concern over the reduction of land
under crop production.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1144


                       Copyright 2014 Nation Media Group
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             447 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              National Underwriter
                    Life & Health/Financial Services Edition

                                  May 19, 2008

Whole Life Design Objectives

SECTION: FULL DISCLOSURE WHOLE LIFE REPORT; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 453 words


Assurity Life LifeScape WL

Balanced Objectives; Low Minimum Face Amount; Riders

Country Financial Life Executive WL

Cash Value Accumulation; Low Premiums

Guardian Life L99

Long-Term Accumulation Values; One-Year Term with Target Face; Maximum Income;
Early Premium Offset; Low Minimum Face Amount

Guardian Life L121

Low Annual Premium; Maximum Death Benefits; Maximum Guaranteed Cash Value; High
Minimum Face Amount

Guardian Life L95

High Early Cash Value; High Early Dividends; Low Minimum Face Amount

John Hancock Life LP100

Maximum Death Benefits; Low Premium

John Hancock USA Protection WL

Nonparticipating Policy; Fully Guaranteed

Lafayette Life Contender 100

Balanced Values; Premium Flexibility

Massachusetts Mutual Life WL Legacy 100

Cash Value Accumulation; Maximum Death Benefits; Dump InsRollovers; Term
Blendability

Massachusetts Mutual Life High Early Cash Value

High Early Cash Value; Business Applications; Maximum Death Benefits; Dump
InsRollovers; Term Blendability

Metropolitan Life WL L-98

Riders; Flexibility; Cash Value Accumulation

Mutual Trust Life Covenant

High Early Cash Values; Flexibility; Term Blending; Cash Value Accumulation;
1035 Exchanges

National Life NL LifeBuilder

Premium Flexibility; Maximum Death Benefits or Maximum Accumulation Values

National Life NL LifeCare II

Early Guaranteed Cash Values; Living Benefits; Low Premiums; Included
Accelerated Benefits

Nationwide Financial Life YourLife 20-pay WL

Nonparticipating; Guaranteed; 20-Year Paid Up

Nationwide Financial Life YourLife WL 100

Nonparticipating; Paid Up at Age 100; Guaranteed

New York Life AD106 WL

Riders; Middle Market; Term Blending; Term Conversion

New York Life Custom WL (AD107)

Riders; Flexible Premium Schedule; Premiums Payable to Age 75; Cash Value
Accumulation; Short Pay Period

Northwestern Mutual Life Adjustable CompLife

Term Blendability; Flexibility; Dump InsRollovers; Underwriting Expertise

Ohio National Life Prestige Performance

Death Benefits; Long Term Accumulation Values; 2001 CSO

Ohio National Life Prestige Excel Whole Life

Cash Value Accumulation; Maximum Death Benefits; Term Blending

Penn Mutual Life Flexible Choice Whole Life

Age 65 Payment Option; Term Blendability

Savings Bank Life of MA Straight Life

High Early Cash Values; Liquidity

Security Mutual Life of NY Customizer LP85

Maximum Income; Survivor Benefits; Cash Value Accumulation

Security Mutual Life of NY Customizer WL

Low Premiums; Maximum Death Benefits

State Farm Life WL

Cash Value Accumulation; Maximum Death Benefits

Union Central Life (UNIFI Co) WL 98

Flexibility; Term Blendability; Low Net-Cost Loans

Union Central Life (UNIFI Co) Keystone WL

Cash Value Accumulation; Maximum Death Benefit; Term Blendability; Dump
InsRollovers; Low Net Cost Loans; Guaranteed Cash Values

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2008 The National Underwriter Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             448 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 4, 1980, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

MASSEY IN VIOLATION OF LOAN AGREEMENTS

BYLINE: Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 3, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 636 words

DATELINE: TORONTO, Nov. 3


Massey-Ferguson Ltd., the international farm equipment maker, today was
technically in violation of agreements with its lenders as it continued to seek
their support for a $700 million (Canadian) refinancing package that would
convert part of the company's excess debt into equity.

One positive development for the financially troubled company came over the
weekend as Massey employees in Toronto and Brantford, Ontario, ratified by 92
percent a three-year contract that will save the company more than $6.6 million
in Canadian currency. (The Canadian dollar equals about 85 cents in United
States currency.)

Meanwhile, about 250 of Massey's 5,200 Canadian employees, who have been laid
off since Aug. 1 as the company sought to reduce its inventories of farm
equipment, were recalled to work at the two locations, and a spokesman for the
United Automobile Workers said he expected other employees to be recalled during
the rest of the year.

The company had said last week that it would delay the reopening of its United
States farm machinery plans in Des Moines and Detroit until early in 1981
because of a slower-than-expected sales recovery. The United States subsidiary,
Massey-Ferguson Inc., has about 5,000 employees.

Failure a Technicality

Massey had announced earlier that it would be unable to fulfill some conditions
involving its $2.6 billion debt that were to be met Nov. 1, but the company's
failure to do so remains a technicality unless some of the banks call their
loans.

W.S. Lowry, Massey's general corporate affairs manager, declined to specify the
amount of debt involved in the matter, but it includes both short-and long-term
debt.

He said a Massey team led by the company's chairman, Victor A.  Rice, and
including an Ottawa-appointed financial specialist, John Abell, and a
representative of the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, the company's
principal banker, had been meeting with other lenders seeking their support for
the refinancing package.

The team convened last week with bankers in Britain, West Germany and Italy and
is scheduled to meet with its American bankers Wednesday. Two hundred and fifty
lenders are involved.

Three-Part Package

Mr. Lowry gave no indication of how the refinancing package - partly guaranteed
by the federal and Ontario governments - was being received. The $2.6 billion
figure includes the debts of the company's unconsolidated sales-financing
subsidiaries.

The proposed refinancing package for which Massey seeks its lenders' support is
in three parts:

- An ''investor or investors acceptable to the (federal and Ontario)
governments'' would be offered $200 million in common or preferred shares of
which ''a substantial portion'' would be guaranteed by the governments.

- The Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, which is believed to be owed about
$300 million by Massey, would purchase $150 million worth of convertible
preferred shares.

- An amount of $350 million would be an underwritten public issue of convertible
preferred shares guaranteed by the company's other lenders, with the Bank of
Commerce buying any unsold part of the issue to maximum of $150 million.

The weekend ratification of contracts with Massey, involving two locals of the
U.A.W., saves the company money on pensions and wages.  The pension portion
allows Massey to pay pensioners $3.50 a month less than the union standard
pension plan. And a previously negotiated 3 percent wage increase, scheduled for
September, as well as a 23-cent-an-hour cost-of-living increase scheduled for
next March, will be deferred until June.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                             449 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2015 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                               February 27, 2015

                         Caithness Development, L.L.C.

                           565 5th Avenue, 29th Floor
                                 New York 10017
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Caithness Energy Receives Grant Of US$500 Million For Shepherds Flat Wind Farm
In Oregon, US

   9/24/2012 12:00:00 AM

   Caithness Energy, L.L.C.,a power generation company, received a grant of
$500m for the development of Shepherds Flat wind farm in Oregon, the US. The
grant was provided by Government of United States. The total installed capacity
of the wind farm is 845 MW, comprising 338 wind turbines. The wind farm has
become fully operational on 22 September 2012. The electricity generated from
the wind farm will be sold to Southern California Edison under 20 year power
purchase agreement. The wind farm will eliminate 1.483 million metric tons of
carbon dioxide annually which is equivalent of taking approximately 260,000 cars
off the road.

The company has also received loan guarantee of $1,300m and tax credit facility
for $18m for the development of the wind farm.


Caithness Energy Completes Project Financing of USD1.3 billion for Shepherd Flat
Wind Farm in Oregon, US

   9/21/2012 12:00:00 AM

   Caithness Energy, LLC, an independent power company, completed project
financing of USD1.3 billion for the construction and development of Shepherd's
Flat wind farm situated in central Oregon, US. The financing was guaranteed by
US Department of Energy. The total cost of the wind farm is USD1.9 billion. The
total installed capacity of the wind farm is 845 MW comprising windmills of
2.5MW each. The power produced from the power plant will be supplied to Southern
California Edison of Los Angeles under a 30-year power purchase agreement. The
investment per MW will be USD2.25 million. Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP
acted as legal advisor to Caithness Energy for the financing.


Caithness And GE Energy Financial Complete Project Financing Of US$1,430 Million
For Shepherds Flat Wind Power Project In Oregon, U.S.

   12/16/2010 12:00:00 AM

   Caithness Energy, L.L.C., a power generation company, and GE Energy Financial
Services, Inc., a financial service company, completed project financing of
$1,430 million for the construction and development of Shepherds Flat wind farm
project located in Oregon, United States. <P/>The financing of the project was
provided by a group of 26 institutional investors and commercial banks led by
Citigroup Inc. (C), Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ Ltd., Royal Bank of Scotland
Securities (RBS), Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria and WestLB Securities Inc.
<P/>The final debt package consisted of $525 million in fixed rate privately
placed bonds, $675 million in floating rate loans and $230 million of letters of
credit. The sponsor contributed roughly $700 million in equity.<P/>The U.S.
Department of Energy provided a loan guarantee to fund the project. The project
received an offer of a conditional commitment for a loan guarantee under the
Financial Institution Partnership Program, a Department of Energy program
supported by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act.<P/>The total project
cost is estimated to be $2,130 million and has a total installed capacity of 845
MW, comprising 338 wind turbines. The construction of the project is expected to
be start in 2010 and to be operational by 2012. GE Energy Financial Services is
investing in the project. <P/>Once completed, the project will sell 100% of the
power generated to Southern California Edison through 20-year fixed price power
purchase agreements. The project will provide enough clean energy to power
approximately 235,000 average California households and will avoid more than 1.5
million tons a year in greenhouse gas emissions.<P/>October 8, 2010, Washington
D.C. (Coal Geology) U.S. Energy Secretary Steven Chu today announced a
conditional commitment to provide a partial guarantee for a $1,300 million loan
in support of the wind farm to date. The loan will finance the Caithness
Shepherds Flat wind project, sponsored by Caithness Energy LLC and General
Electric Energy Financial Services.<P/>Steven Chu, secretary, said, Thanks to
the Recovery Act, we are creating the clean energy jobs of the future while
positioning the U.S. as a world leader in the production of renewable energy.
This project is part of the Administration's commitment to doubling our
renewable energy generation by 2012 while putting Americans to work in
communities across the country.<P/>Renewable energy investments like these are
creating jobs while helping to maintain America's global competitiveness in the
clean energy economy.<P/>DOE said, "The project will obtain a $1.3 billion loan
funded by a group of 26 institutional investors and commercial banks led by
Citigroup Inc. (C), Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ Ltd., Royal Bank of Scotland
Securities (RBS), and WestLB Securities Inc."<P/>Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy
LLP and Clifford Chance LLP acted as legal advisors to the lenders and
Chadbourne & Parke LLP acted as legal advisor to sponcers with respect to the
financing<P/>
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Investment Analysis             Company Overview
Investments                             Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2015


                             450 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                February 1, 1999

Farmer Mac Unveils Guaranty Plan

SECTION: FARM AND RURAL MORTGAGES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 632 words

DATELINE: Washington


Farmer Mac, formally the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp., recently entered
into a large guarantee commitment under a new "standby" loan guarantee
structure.

The $ 407 million dollar guarantee commitment involved loans from a Farm Credit
System lender, the Northwest Agricultural Credit Association.

The standby structure is designed to serve portfolio lenders that have large
agricultural loan holdings.  The Northwest Agricultural Credit Association will
retain servicing on the loans.  The FCS institution retains the loans on its
books, but the credit risk is effectively shifted to Farmer Mac.

"This arrangement effectively demonstrates how Farmer Mac can better serve
entities in the Farm Credit System that have large mortgage portfolios and want
to free up capital to support additional business activity," said Farmer Mac
President Henry Edelman.

Tom Clark, vice president for corporate affairs, said that the standby guarantee
arrangement also appeals to lenders because it allows them to retain the
customer relationship with the borrower.  He said that Farmer Mac exercises due
diligence and oversight of loan services similar to that exercised by other
secondary market agencies.

"This standby commitment is a very significant way to start off the year in
1999," Mr. Clark said.

Separately, Farmer Mac also reported earnings of $ 5.7 million for 1998,
including $ 1.1 million for the fourth quarter.  Both were increases from the
prior year.  In 1997, Farmer Mac had reported net income of $ 3 million.

Farmer Mac benefited from deferred tax benefits that reduced its effective tax
rate through the third quarter of last year, but those benefits ended in the
third quarter of 1998.  Had Farmer Mac paid its normal statutory tax rate for
the whole year, the income for 1998 would have totaled $ 4.2 million.

Mr. Edelman said that the corporation's financial performance reflected a solid
foundation laid in 1997.  In 1996, Congress revised Farmer Mac's charter to
allow it to directly purchase loans and eliminate a subordination requirement on
its guaranteed securities.

Mr. Edelman said that in 1998, Farmer Mac added $ 424.3 million in Farmer Mac I
loan purchases, including swaps, for an 84% volume increase, bringing cumulative
outstanding guaranteed securities up 34% to $ 1.1 billion at year-end, up from $
843 million a year earlier.  Total revenues increased 28% to $ 15.8 million,
while operating expenses increased 13% to $ 7.7 million.

"In addition, we successfully developed many new sellers as active participants
in Farmer Mac's programs and introduced a number of new competitive products and
creative transaction structures to broaden the Corporation's business base," Mr.
Edelman said, citing the introduction of partial-prepayment and annual payment
loans and long-term standby purchase commitments.

Mr. Edelman said the corporation is well positioned for 1999.

"Although continued low agricultural commodity prices during 1999 may, as some
economists predict, result in increased delinquencies on agricultural mortgages,
we believe Farmer Mac's reserves are adequate to cover fully any losses that may
arise from those increased delinquencies.  At the same time, increased demand
for favorable credit terms as a result of stress in the agricultural economy
should provide Farmer Mac with new opportunities for additional loan purchase
volume.  We expect that increasing cash window loan purchase activity, with the
added potential of business from swaps and standby commitments, should enhance
Farmer Mac's performance in 1999," Mr.  Edelman said.

At the end of 1998, loans more than 90-days late totaled 0.70% of the principal
amount of outstanding loans in agricultural-mortgage-backed securities and loans
held for securitizations.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1999 Faulkner & Gray


                             451 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              West Virginia Record

                             August 5, 2011 Friday

CIVIL FILINGS: Berkeley County

BYLINE: Beth Henry

LENGTH: 303 words


June 30AA RV Inc. vs. Samuel Chung and State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance
Co.PA - Pro se; J - Groh* The plaintiff claims Chung caused damage to a vehicle
he rented on June 24, 2009, and breached the recreation vehicle rental
agreement. The plaintiff is seeking at least $20,000 for vehicle damages and
$15,000 for the plaintiff's loss of rental income.Case number: 11-C-520Bank of
Charles Town vs. Kevin R. CosnerPA - Stephen Skinner; J - Groh* The bank claims
Cosner owes at least $1,463,982.12 plus interest on a past-due commercial loan
agreement from March 30, 2009, which was individually guaranteed by Cosner and
two others for Goodland LLC.Case number: 11-C-523Bank of Charles Town vs.
Goodland LLCPA - Stephen Skinner; J - Silver* The bank claims Goodland LLC owes
at least $1,463,982.12 plus interest on a past-due commercial loan agreement
from March 30, 2009, which was individually guaranteed by Charles P. Holben,
Douglas E. Copenhaver Jr. and Kevin R. Cosner.Case number: 11-C-524Bank of
Charles Town vs. Douglas E. CopenhaverPA - Stephen Skinner; J - Wilkes* The bank
claims Copenhaver owes at least $1,463,982.12 plus interest on a past-due
commercial loan agreement from March 30, 2009, which was individually guaranteed
by Copenhaver and two others for Goodland LLC.Case number: 11-C-525Bank of
Charles Town vs. Charles P. HolbenPA - Stephen Skinner; J - Groh* The bank
claims Holben owes at least $1,463,982.12 plus interest on a past-due commercial
loan agreement from March 30, 2009, which was individually guaranteed by Holben
and two others for Goodland LLC.Case number: 11-C-526June 21Wells Fargo Bank NA
vs. Ranata L. JohnsonPA - Lora Snodgrass; J - Silver* The bank claims Johnson
owes at least $30,922.01 plus interest on a past-due credit account from April
29, 2005.Case number: 11-C-530

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 WestVirginiaRecord.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             452 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                   New Orleans CityBusiness (New Orleans, LA)

                              July 5, 2004 Monday

La.'s Farm Service Agency offices to administer federal loans

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 75 words


Louisiana's Farm Service Agency announced its offices will administer federal
loans via the Internet beginning Tuesday. Many community banks, credit unions
and farm credit services associations in Louisiana also will use the new lending
software to provide loans guaranteed by the FSA, a division of the United States
Department of Agriculture. The USDA plans to have all 1,000 farm service agency
offices nationwide on the new system by October.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Financing

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             453 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             May 17, 2001 Thursday

Farm-loan delinquencies fall sharply

LENGTH: 260 words


WASHINGTON (AP) -- Despite slumping crop prices in recent years, delinquency
rates on government farm loans have fallen sharply because farmers now risk
being cut off from credit if they do not keep up their payments. The Agriculture
Department lends directly to farmers and also guarantees loans through private
banks.

About 21 percent of the $8.7 billion in outstanding direct loans was delinquent
as of September, compared with 41 percent in 1995, the General Accounting Office
reported Wednesday. The delinquency rate on the department's $8 billion in
guaranteed loans has held relatively steady at 3.5 percent. Rules imposed by
Congress in 1996 prohibited farmers from getting new loans if they are
delinquent on an existing loan or have debt forgiven. "Prior to these changes,
there was no disincentive for borrowers to have ... debts written off rather
than to repay them," Carolyn Cooksie, deputy administrator of the loan programs,
told the Senate Agriculture Committee. The new rules prompted "borrowers to more
carefully consider the consequences of failure to repay," she said. The
department was losing about $3 billion a year on bad loans in the early 1990s.
That has now been cut to about $500 million a year. The loan programs still bear
watching, however, because of exemptions to the rules that lawmakers have
enacted since 1996, according to the GAO, the auditing arm of Congress. One
major farm group, the National Farmers Union, says the restrictions may have
gone too far. The organization has asked lawmakers to consider easing them
further.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2001 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             454 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   February 23, 1985, Saturday, Final Edition

Reagan Plan to Cut U.S. Role in Farming Unveiled by Block

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A1

LENGTH: 1242 words


The Reagan administration yesterday unveiled details of its controversial
long-range proposals to cut government spending on agriculture by radically
reducing the system of federal farm supports created during the New Deal.

Its main features include lower crop-support loan rates, which in effect set
minimum prices for basic commodities such as corn and wheat, and a reduction in
cash payments to grain and cotton farmers. It also would cut dairy price-support
rates, end guaranteed federal purchase of surplus milk and phase out direct
operating loans to farmers.

The administration announcement came as farm-state senators continued a
filibuster over a separate short-term farm plan to provide stopgap credit
legislation for farmers who need loans immediately for spring planting. The
filibuster is holding up a vote on President Reagan's nomination of Edwin Meese
III to be attorney general Details on Page A6 .

In explaining the Reagan farm plan, Agriculture Secretary John R. Block said the
administration's long-range legislative proposal "will propel agriculture into a
new and more responsible era. We have been saddled far too long with
brush-fire-mentality farm policies which attempt to deal with short-term
problems without providing effective long-term solutions."

Most major farm groups have roundly criticized the legislation. Block conceded
that opposition building on Capitol Hill spells trouble for the plan and that
farm legislation designed to replace the law that expires this year "won't be
exactly like we are proposing today."

Yesterday's formal unveiling set the stage for a debate that could be the
bloodiest in years over federal farm policy, coming at a time when the farm
economy is under the triple stress of low prices, high interest rates and
plummeting land values.

A taste of things to come, pitting growers against users of their products,
surfaced quickly after Block met with reporters to outline the program: Peanut
farmers denounced it as more costly than current law; peanut product
manufacturers applauded it as elimination of a $250 million "hidden tax" on the
nation's peanut eaters.

Many farm-state legislators, including Republicans, along with nearly every
major commodity group and farmer organization, have attacked the White House
proposals on grounds that they would reduce farm income drastically and hasten
the departure of tens of thousands of farmers from agriculture.

The administration saved itself from additional political heat on Capitol Hill
by dropping plans to include in the bill a phase-out of the tobacco
price-support program. Tobacco-state Republicans, including Sen. Jesse Helms
(R-N.C.), chairman of the Agriculture Committee, warned that inclusion of
tobacco could doom the farm bill proposals.

Block indicated yesterday that the administration would send separate tobacco
legislation to Congress. And he noted that Helms has agreed to introduce the
general farm proposal in the Senate.

Last month, as details of the administration proposals were leaking out, nine
major farmer and commodity groups wrote to Reagan that they were "unalterably
opposed" to plans to limit the support loans and cash subsidies many farmers
get.

But Block said yesterday that the bulk of federal payments go to a relative
handful of the nation's 2.4 million farmers. He said that current law creates
inequities that are not acceptable, noting that 13 percent of the farmers
receive 45 percent of the payments.

The administration bill, unusual in that it would have a proposed span of 15
years instead of the customary four, envisions slashing these support programs
in a way that would cut federal spending on farmers to between $5 billion and $7
billion by fiscal year 1991.

In contrast, the administration estimates that it will have spent $63.3 billion
on these same programs between 1982 and 1986, after $27 billion of spending
between 1978 and 1982.

Block said the proposals were based on five principles that were essential "to
return agriculture towards a more market-oriented system," allowing farmers to
rely more on the market than on government for their income.

One of the biggest changes proposed would affect the dairy support program,
which cost the U.S. Treasury more than $6 billion on surplus milk, butter and
cheese purchases during the last three years. The Reagan plan would scrap
mandatory purchase and, according to budget estimates, reduce federal spending
to zero in fiscal 1989.

The dairy change envisions ending support payment by 1988 and setting up a
direct-payment plan.

Payments would be made to farmers when and if the market price of milk fell
below the target level -- no less than 75 percent of the average market prices
for milk during the preceding three years. Administration planners figure that
with lower support prices, production would moderate and little or no dairy
surplus would be left to be sold to the government.

The administration plan also would apply its three-year market average price
formula to support loan rates for other major commodities: wheat, corn and feed
grains, cotton, rice, soybeans, peanuts, sugar, and wool and mohair. The current
honey support program, which has brought thousands of tons of surplus honey into
government storage, would be eliminated.

This approach would reduce gradually but substantially the "floors" put under
commodity prices by the federal support program. If the price of corn, for
example, averaged $3 per bushel for three years, the new support level in 1991
would be $2.25 per bushel.

In that situation, if the market price dipped below $2.25, a farmer using his
crop as collateral could get a loan from the government. He would be required to
pay interest on any loan amount over $200,000. Current law does not pose these
limits.

Under current law, the same farmer could qualify for up to $50,000 in cash
"deficiency payments" -- income supports intended to make up the difference
between market price of the corn and production costs. The administration plan
would scale down these payments to a final limit of $10,000 per farmer.

Michael Hall, a vice president of the National Corn Growers Association, said
his organization had "serious reservations" about the lower loan and target
price levels. He said his group's support of these changes would be tied to
export proposals.

But, he added yesterday, "we see no new creative export proposals in the
administration bill that will make us more price competitive on world markets.
There is a lot of rhetoric there, but it is based on negotiations to open up
markets. And that could take forever."

Another portion of the Reagan plan likely to stir controversy is its approach to
farm credit, which is provided through the Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) to
approximately 10 percent of the nation's farmers who cannot get commercial
credit. Beginning in fiscal 1986, all FmHA loans would be offered to borrowers
on a guaranteed basis through commercial lenders.

The administration also would phase out existing direct loans over the next five
years by transferring them to commercial lenders who would be protected by
federal guarantees.

While the administration rejected the idea of a "conservation reserve," which
would pay farmers to take marginal and erodible lands out of production, it
proposed a ban on any federal farm program benefits to farmers who plow fragile
lands for conversion to crop production.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Standing at an Agriculture Department lectern that appeaus to
be growing microphones. Secretary Block explains the administration's farm
proposals. By Bill Snead -- The Washington Post; Chart, Highlights of the Farm
Bill.

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                             455 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                January 4, 1993

Travelers Realty Certified FAMC Pooler

SECTION: FARM, RURAL MORTGAGES; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 361 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Travelers Realty Investment Co. has been certified as a pooler for the
Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp. secondary market.

Travelers Realty, a Connecticut Corporation formed in 1988, is a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Travelers Co., an insurance firm with assets of $ 50 billion.

Travelers Realty already has participated in the Farmer Mac secondary market by
selling $ 230 million worth of agricultural loans that were pooled by another
Farmer Mac pooler last May.

"We are pleased that Travelers Realty has recognized the value of the Farmer Mac
program based on first-hand experience and has decided to become more actively
involved as a certified pooler," said Farmer Mac president Henry Edelman in a
statement.

Looking to the future, Travelers Realty plans to purchase whole loans from
banks, Farm Credit System associations and other originators.

Travelers Realty will then pool those loans and issue Farmer Mac guaranteed
securities backed by those pools.

Travelers Realty currently manages a portfolio of $ 15 billion and mortgage
loans and real property, including $ 1 billion in agricultural assets.

The agricultural group of Travelers Realty originates and purchases agricultural
loans throughout the U.S.

Travelers Realty is headquartered in Hartford, Conn.  The agricultural group has
field offices in California, Colorado, Texas and Tennessee.

In addition, Farmer Mac said another pooler certification is expected to be
announced soon.

Travelers Realty joins six other pooling entities: Equitable-Agribusiness,
Prudential Agricultural Credit, Prudential Securities Corp., John Hancock Mutual
Life Insurance Co., Goldman Sachs Mortgage Co. and Chemical Securities Corp.

During 1992, three major Farmer Mac pools including more than $ 600 million in
agricultural loans were formed.

In addition, Farmer Mac has securitized $ 32 million in Farmers Home
Administration guaranteed loans under the Farmer Mac II program.  Sixty lenders
in 25 states are now participating in Farmer Mac II.

"We have a pipeline of loans feeding into it that is growing rapidly," said
Thomas Clark, Farmer Mac's vice president for corporate relations.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             456 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             August 3, 1984 Friday

Credit rules relaxed   for Alberta farmers

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 479 words

DATELINE: Edmonton AB


EDMONTON  (CP) - The Alberta Government relaxed credit rules affecting
 farmers yesterday.

Agriculture Minister LeRoy Fjordbotten said he wants to meet other
 Prairie agriculture ministers in Regina on Monday to discuss joint efforts
 to deal with the worsening drought. His announcements were made at a
 hastily arranged news conference at the Legislature.

Meanwhile, in Prince Albert, Sask., Prime Minister John Turner
 announced plans to speed up about $500-million in payments to Prairie
 farmers, as well as a package of almost $300-million in other cash
 benefits.

The Alberta credit changes will help farmers reschedule debt payments,
 consolidate debts with new loans or fix their interest rates.

Among those benefiting will be an estimated 3,000 farmers behind in
 their payments to the provincial Agricultural Development Corp. Some
 changes will help farmers who have borrowed from commercial lenders as
 well.

Mr. Fjordbotten said the changes will likely help at least 10,000 of
 Alberta's 43,000 farmers.

The four credit changes announced yesterday all involve the development
 corporation, but some will help farmers with bank loans:
  . Starting yesterday, the corporation will consider setting up new
 repayment schedules for up to $50,000 in past-due payments for each farm
 family with a direct loan from the corporation.

The corporation's $200,000 limit on direct loans may be exceeded as a
 result of this re-amortization, but loan periods will not be extended and
 corporation officials will have to be satisfied a successful farm
 operation will result.
  . The development corporation, as of yesterday, will be able to provide
 loan guarantees under the federal small business bond program.
  . The corporation's debt consolidation activities will expand Aug. 20 to
 allow consolidation of trade accounts payable. Since 1981, the corporation
 has guaranteed up to $100,000 in loans by commercial lenders for almost
 every purpose except debt consolidation.
  . Farmers who obtain fixed-rate financing from commercial lenders will
 have the option, starting Aug. 20, of obtaining an Alberta Farm
 Development Loan. These loans generally require less security than a
 commercial loan.

Farm development loans will continue to be available at rates of up to
 1 per cent over the lender's prime rate for as long as 10 years or 1 1/2
 per cent over prime for loans between 10 and 15 years.

During the last 14 years, the Agricultural Development Corp. has become
 a major farm lender in Alberta.

Its most recent annual report shows that as of March 31, 1983, the
 corporation was carrying 7,628 direct farm loans worth $707.9-million.

The corporation also had 282 loan guarantees outstanding on $7.5-
 million worth of debt and 15,348 Alberta Farm Development Loans worth
 $152-million. There was an additional $54.5-million in loans and loan
 guarantees involved in farm-related 'agribusiness' operations.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1984 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             457 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           August 14, 2013 Wednesday

Moody's affirms Aaa ratings directly linked to US govt bond

LENGTH: 318 words

DATELINE: New York


Credit rating agency Moody's affirmed the Aaa senior ratings of financial
institutions -- Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, the Federal Home Loan Banks, and the
Federal Farm Credit Banks -- that Moody's consider to be directly linked to the
rating of the US government. Moody's has also affirmed the Aaa ratings of
securities either guaranteed by, backed by collateral securities issued by, or
otherwise directly linked to the US government or the aforementioned financial
institutions. These actions follow the affirmation of the Aaa rating assigned to
the US government. In conjunction with the revision of the US government's
rating outlook to stable, the rating outlooks for these directly linked issuers
have also been revised to stable.


Moody's also affirmed ratings assigned to certain directly-linked US state and
local Housing Finance Agency (HFA) bonds and revised their rating outlooks from
negative to stable.
The Aaa ratings assigned to pre-refunded municipal bonds, to certain other state
and local HFA bonds, and to municipal ratings that benefit from credit support
from the financial institutions directly linked to the US government are
maintained at Aaa. Moody's ratings of these bonds do not carry outlooks.
The principal methodologies used in rating Federal Farm Credit Banks, Farm
Credit Bank of Texas (The), Federal Home Loan Banks, Federal Home Loan Bank of
Atlanta, Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston, Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago,
Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati, Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas, Federal
Home Loan Bank of Des Moines, Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis, Federal
Home Loan Bank of New York, Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh, Federal Home
Loan Bank of San Francisco, Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle, Federal Home Loan
Bank of Topeka was Global Banks Methodology published in May 2013, and
Government-Related Issuers: Methodology Update published in July 2010.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             458 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 21, 2014 Sunday

Washington: Microloan Program

LENGTH: 230  words

DATELINE: Washington


Small Business Administration has issued the following news release:

The Farm Service Agency (FSA) developed the Microloan (ML) program to better
serve the unique financial operating needs of beginning, niche and small family
farm operations.

USDA is raising the borrowing limit for the microloan program from $35,000 to
$50,000, effective Nov. 7, 2014. The loan features a streamlined application
process built to fit the needs of new and smaller producers. This loan program
will also be useful to specialty crop producers and operators of community
supported agriculture (CSA).

Eligible applicants can apply for a maximum amount of $50,000 to pay for initial
start-up expenses such as hoop houses to extend the growing season, essential
tools, irrigation and annual expenses such as seed, fertilizer, utilities, land
rents, marketing, and distribution expenses. As financing needs increase,
applicants can apply for a regular operating loan up to the maximum amount of
$300,000 or obtain financing from a commercial lender under FSA's Guaranteed
Loan Program.

Individuals who are interested in applying for a microloan or would like to
discuss other farm loan programs available should contact their local FSA office
to set up an appointment with a loan official.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             459 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               September 27, 1993

FAMC to Securitize Rural Housing Loans

SECTION: FARM AND RURAL MORTGAGES; Pg. 45

LENGTH: 301 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Columbia, S.C., Farm Credit Bank is working with the Federal Agricultural
Mortgage Corp. to begin securitizing non-conforming rural housing loans.

Tom Clark, Farmer Mac's vice president for corporate relations, said the program
will focus on loans that do not quality for securitization under programs of the
two housing related government sponsored enterprises.

"We expect to be serving a segment of the housing market that is not currently
being served," Mr. Clark said.

The Columbia FCB rural housing securitization program is not yet open.

The program will focus on loans that do not meet the underwriting standards of
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.  For instance, the program will serve homes with
large or unusual property sizes, unusual easements, a mix of residential and
commercial use, a mix of residential and farming use, and other property
characteristics that might be outside the parameters of traditional
underwriting.

The program would allow the Farm Credit System to originate more rural housing
loans.  Farm Credit System districts cannot lend more than 15% of their
portfolio to rural housing borrowers.

Mr. Clark said it is difficult to estimate the size of the potential market for
the rural home loan securitization.  A "very rough" estimate is that $ 200
billion to $ 300 billion in rural residential mortgage credit is outstanding in
communities that would qualify for Farmer Mac financing.

Both Farmer Mac and the Farm Credit System are prohibited under current law from
financing housing in communities with populations exceeding 2,500.

Farmer Mac has securitized $ 680 million in agricultural and rural housing
loans.  In addition, Farmer Mac has securitized about $ 62 million in Farmers
Home Administration guaranteed loans through the "Farmer Mac II" program.

LOAD-DATE: October 08, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             460 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                             April 25, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Plan survives for year

BYLINE: The Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 226  words


A federal farm-improvement loans program is off the chopping block indefinitely.

The 2005 federal budget cancelled the Farm Improvement and Marketing
Cooperatives Loans Act, a program that was most popular in Saskatchewan. But,
weeks later, the then Liberal agriculture minister said the program would be
extended and examined.

On Monday, the Conservative government announced the program will continue for
now.

"The program was set to end on March 31, 2006, but farmers and agricultural
co-operatives have told us they need a loan program in their communities," said
Tory Agriculture Minister Chuck Strahl in a statement.

"Our challenge now is to explore how the program can work better for them."

The program is designed to make loans more readily available to producers and
co-operatives. Loans up to $250,000 for producers and $3 million for
co-operatives owned by active producers are guaranteed by the federal
government.

The program encourages investment in areas such as new machinery, livestock,
buildings and technology, with the purpose being to help producers strengthen
production and improve the financial viability of their farms.

The government said the program will remain in place as officials consult with
groups about how it can better meet the needs of users.

Agriculture Canada officials will present their recommendations to Strahl this
summer.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2006 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             461 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 April 27, 1992

New Farmers May Get Break From Bills Pending in House

BYLINE: By TED CORNWELL

SECTION: FARM AND RURAL MORTGAGES; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 680 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Uncle Sam may help beginning farmers to purchase a farm or ranch under
legislation being considered by Congress as it returns from the Easter recess.

Several members of the House Agriculture Committee have stepped up efforts to
help beginning farmers by offering tax credits and guaranteed interest-assisted
loans.

Rep. Glenn English, D., Okla. and Rep. Tim Penny, D., Minn. have introduced
legislation that would increase the availability of subsidized farm purchase and
farm operating loans for beginning farmers.

The American Bankers Association has praised the proposal.

ABA had published a report that recommended such guarantees and subsidies.

"America's farmer population is aging rapidly and steps like these will ensure
that a new generation of farmers and ranchers enters this vital industry," said
Jay Godwin, chairman of ABA's agricultural bankers division.

Commercial lenders would provide most of the credit with the help of guarantees
and credit enhancements from the Farmers Home Administration.

Under a farm purchase program, beginning farmers would be eligible for FmHA
"downpayment loans."

Farmers with 5-10 years experience would be eligible for a 10-years downpayment
loan not exceeding 30% of the farm's purchase price.

The loan would make it easier for beginning farmers to obtain financing for the
rest of the purchase.

The borrower would be required to contribute to the purchase of the farm in an
amount equal to 10% of the farm's price.

The bill also establishes a farm operating loan program for beginning farmers
who have five years or less experience in farming.

For up to ten years, beginners would be eligible for a targeted FmHA program.

For the first four years, borrowers could receive 100% loan guarantees with a
rate subsidy.

During the subsequent four years, borrowers would receive loans with a 90%
guarantee and interest subsidies if needed and in the last two years, they could
only received the 90% loan guarantee without interest subsidies.

Rep. English has said that FmHA should be directed to divert a portion of the
funding for the existing FmHA direct loan and loan guarantee programs to fund
beginning farmers.

The legislation also would require FmHA to speed up the processing of
applications for FmHA loans and loan guarantees.

Also, Rep. E. Kika de la Garza, D., Tex., chairman of the house Agriculture
Committee, has introduced legislation that would provide a tax credit to
beginning farmers.

"Today the capital investment required to begin a viable farming operation is
quite high.  Increasingly, these financial obstacles are putting farming out of
the reach of many young people.

"As our nation's farming population ages, there's growing concern out in rural
America over whether the next generation can afford to farm the land." Rep. de
la Garza said in a statement introducing his legislation.

His will would provide beginning farmers with a tax credit of 10% of the cost of
purchasing farmland and depreciating farm equipment.

The farmland credit would be limited to $ 35,000; the equipment credit would be
capped at $ 15,000.

Last year, the Department of Agriculture reported that few young people are
entering farming on a full-time basis, Rep. de la Garza noted.  Entry of farmers
younger than 25 years old fell 50% in the 1980s.  Entry of farmers 25 to 34
years old, the most common age to enter the occupation, fell 30%.

Rep. de la Garza, urging that the House and Senate tax-writing committees
support his legislation, compared the plan to President Bush's proposed tax
credit for first-time homebuyers which is designed to stimulate economic
activity.

Despite widespread support for beginning farmer legislation, budget pressure is
likely to inhibit any new tax credit.

Under the 1990 budget agreement, any cost associated with the tax credits would
have to be offset by a new source of revenue.

The tax-writing committees of Congress have not responded to Rep. de la Garza's
proposal, and a congressional aide said it will be difficult to obtain the
backing of the committees.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             462 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 25, 2016 Friday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 626  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)



  Action



 Proposed collection; Comments requested.

 Summary



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the Rural Business-Cooperative Service's (RBS) intention to request an extension
of a currently approved information collection in support of the program for 7
CFR part 4279-A, "Guaranteed Loanmaking--General.



 Dates



 Comments on this notice must be received by May 24, 2016 to be assured of
consideration.

 For Further Information Contact



 Ginger Allen, Business and Industry Loan Processing Branch, Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, STOP 3224, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-3224. Telephone: (202) 690-0309.
The TDD number is (800) 877-8339 or (202) 708-9300.

 Supplementary Information



 Title: Guaranteed Loanmaking--Business and Industry Loans.



 OMB Number: 0570-0018.



 Expiration Date of Approval: August 31, 2016.



 Type of Request: Extension of a currently approved information collection.



 Abstract: The Business and Industry (B&I) Guaranteed Loan Program was
legislated in 1972 under Section 310B of the Consolidated Farm and Rural
Development Act, as amended. The purpose of the program is to improve, develop,
or finance businesses, industries, and employment and improve the economic and
environmental climate in rural communities. This purpose is achieved through
bolstering the existing private credit structure through the guaranteeing of
quality loans made by lending institutions, thereby providing lasting community
benefits. The collected information is necessary to assist Agency loan officers
and approval officials in determining program eligibility and program
monitoring.



 Estimate of Burden: Public reporting for this collection of information is
estimated to average 30 minutes to 12 hours per response.



 Respondents: Business or other for-profit; State, Local or Tribal; Lenders,
accountants, attorneys.



 Estimated Number of Respondents: 225.



 Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 1.



 Estimated Number of Responses: 462.



 Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 955 hours.



 Copies of this information collection can be obtained from Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division at (202)
692-0040.



 Comments: Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of
information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of RBS,
including whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the accuracy
of RBS's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of information
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to
enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be collected;
and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on those
who are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated,
electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other
forms of information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Rural Development, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Ave.
SW., Washington, DC 20250.



 All responses to this notice will be summarized and included in the request for
OMB approval. All comments will also become a matter of public record.

 Dated: February 25, 2016.

 William C. Smith,

 Acting Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-06768 Filed 3-24-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             463 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 30, 1982, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

BANKS HELP MEXICO GET U.S. CROPS

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 9, Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 402 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO, Dec. 29


The First National Bank of Chicago said today that it and 25 other banks had
signed a three-year, $450 million credit agreement with five Mexican banks for
the purchase of American farm products.

The loan will be guaranteed by the Commodity Credit Corporation, a
Government-owned corporation responsible for several price support programs for
American commodities, according to Tony Zender, a spokesman for First National.

Mr. Zender said more than half of the $450 million would come from First
National, but he declined to specifiy the amount. Participating banks are in the
United States, Australia, France, West Germany, Greece, Italy, Japan, South
Korea and Spain, he said.

Two-Year-Old Program

The loan is guaranteed under a two-year-old program that was bolstered with an
additional $1 billion in September, said Lester LeCompte, treasurer of the
Commodity Credit Corporation. The agreement with Mexico was signed Dec. 16.

The commodities covered include feed grains, oilseeds and wheat.  Mr. LeCompte
said that by the end of September, the last month for which figures are
available, 17 countries had received loans under the program. He noted that
Poland has failed to make payments on loans it received under the program and
that the corporation has paid $344 million to 10 commercial banks and two grain
companies.

Mexico is heavily in debt and recently received a $3.9 billion loan from the
International Monetary Fund to avoid defaulting on other loans and $2 billion in
new trade credits from 10 industrial nations. The trade credits are to be tied
directly to purchases by Mexico of food and industrial goods from the creditor
countries.

The five borrowing banks are Banco Nacional de Mexico, Banco Internacional,
Bancomer, Banca Serfin and Multibanco Comermex.  First National said that under
the export credit guarantee program, the Commodity Credit Corporation would
guarantee 100 percent of the principal amount of all loans.

Interest on such loans will be guaranteed up to the average rate at the 52-week
Treasury bill auction held just before the Commodity Credit Corporation receives
the exporter's application for a payment guarantee.

The interest rate charge on the transaction will be one-eighth of 1 percent
above First Chicago's corporate base rate.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             464 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               November 30, 1992

Chemical Bank Aids FmHA Rural Housing Program

SECTION: FARM AND RURAL MORTGAGES; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 474 words

DATELINE: MINNEAPOLIS


Chemical Bank is making it easier for lenders to participate in the Farmers Home
Administration guaranteed rural housing program.

Chemical Residential Mortgage Corp. now is buying the FmHA guaranteed housing
loans, which can be sold into the Federal National Mortgage Association
secondary market.

Chemical's involvement makes it easier for originators that are not Fannie Mae
approved lenders to sell their loans.

The program allows qualified borrowers to purchase homes with no downpayment.

Borrowers with income up to 115% of an area median are allowed to participate.

CRMC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chemical Bank that specializes in servicing
FmHA loans, presently servicing more than 100,000.

By selling the mortgages into the secondary market, rural lenders can
essentially obtain a 100% guarantee on the loans if they choose.

FmHA guarantees 90% of the mortgage based on the appraised value of the
property.

Thomas, Pousson, president of Southwest Bank in Jennings, La. told agricultural
bankers attending an American Bankers Association conference here recently that
the FmHA guarantee vastly increases the liquidity of the loans.

"You have, in effect, created a government security," Mr. Pousson said.  "You
only need deposits for the float."

Lenders have three opportunities to profit by originating the FmHA guaranteed
loans and selling them into the secondary market -- they collect normal loan
origination fees, sell the loan into the secondary market, and also can sell the
servicing.

Herb Moses, a Fannie Mae housing initiative manager, said his agency is eager to
continue buying the loans.

"We have an unlimited appetite for these loans.

"It is only limited by the FmHA appropriations," he said.

Fannie Mae has received commitments from lenders for the sale of $ 300 million
of the rural home loans.

Currently, two-thirds of the loans Fannie Mae is seeing under the rural housing
program is originated by mortgage banking companies.

Loans can be sold to Fannie Mae with three different servicing options which
provide varying degree of recourse on the 10% of the loan that is not FmHA
guaranteed.

Bob Jamison, chairman of Dayton (Tex.) State Bank said the program is an
"absolutely great" opportunity for moderate-income rural residents.

FmHA hopes to double funding availability for the rural housing guarantee in
fiscal 1994.

"We hope Congress will have an interest in providing additional funding for this
program," said Ronnie Tharrington, FmHA assistant administrator.

The FmHA loans also can be included in some Government National Mortgage
Association pools.

Rural towns of up to 20,000 are eligible for the program.  And communities
within a Standard Metropolitan Statistical Area of up to 100,000 also are
eligible, and the program has been popular in some outlying suburban areas.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             465 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            October 10, 2014 Friday

Arguments applied to farming right

BYLINE: JO BOGNER Bismarck

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 271 words


Opponents of Measure 1 say that a constitutional right to life will result in
all kinds of things - no IVF treatments, no respect for end-of-life decisions
and a cradle-to-grave welfare state. Watching the debate in Fargo about allowing
chickens within city limits got me thinking. The North Dakota Constitution
states: The right of farmers and ranchers to engage in modern farming and
ranching practices shall be forever guaranteed in this state.

If we employ the same scare tactics to this provision that are being used
against Measure 1:

* Every resident has a right to farm or ranch, anywhere and by any method.
Sorry, Fargo, you must allow those chickens.

* The state would have to make sure that no chicken farmer ever goes bankrupt.
After all, their right to farm must be "guaranteed" by the state. Can't meet the
terms of the bank's loan agreement? That's OK, the state will step in and pay it
for you. Cost of feed too high? The state will provide it.

* Don't want to keep chickens anymore? You don't have a choice. A state's
attorney could take you to court and make sure that you raise those chickens.

* If you have a sick chicken and want nature to take its course, you won't have
a choice. A veterinarian will be forced to provide whatever treatment is
possible to treat the chicken, no matter your wishes and regardless of cost. The
taxpayers will pick up the tab.

* The courts will be flooded with litigation and lawyers will make millions.
Nothing to cluck at.

Doesn't that constitutional right to farm sound scary? But let's take a step
back. North Dakotans approved the right to farm in 2012. None of this has
happened.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2014 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             466 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 15, 2015 Thursday

South Carolina: Flooding to test S.C. farmers' insurance planning

LENGTH: 793 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Columbia: Clemson University, The State of South Carolina has issued the
following news release:



 Before facing an unprecedented flood, South Carolina farmers faced a dramatic
shift in coverage on damaged crops.



 The 2014 Farm Bill eliminated direct, guaranteed payments to farmers. Now, the
amount South Carolina farmers can recoup from the estimated $300 million in
losses will depend on the private insurance they acquired. Experts at a Clemson
University event urged growers to contact insurance agents immediately and
pointed to a few government programs that might provide assistance.





 &ldquo;The (federal) farm programs have changed dramatically,&rdquo; S.C.
Agriculture Commissioner Hugh Weathers told farmers at a field day at Clemson
University Edisto Research and Education Center in Blackville. &ldquo;We deal
with risk mitigation through insurance now. Whole different ballgame.&rdquo;

 Water covers a South Carolina farm.



 Water covers a South Carolina farm.

 Image Credit: S.C. Department of Agriculture



 Weathers called his agency's $300 million loss estimate conservative. Standing
water remains in some South Carolina fields. Even in fields where water has
receded, the ground remains too saturated and soft for harvesting equipment. As
crops sit, quality suffers from disease, insect damage, mold and fungus. Farmers
won't know the extent of losses until they get into fields to determine what's
salvageable, Weathers said.



 In the meantime, farmers should get insurance adjusters to their properties to
assess damages, said Harry Ott, South Carolina director of the Farm Service
Agency, which manages government-assistance programs.



 &ldquo;Any direct money you are going to get is going to come through your crop
insurance,&rdquo; he said. &ldquo;I hope everybody bought the max that they
could buy. I know that's not the case. I know some of us bought the least that
we could buy.&rdquo;



 Farmers with irrigation systems, particularly, were unlikely to invest in
insurance because the irrigation was meant to protect them from drought, Ott
said.



 &ldquo;Most of the time when we have losses, it's because of dry
weather,&rdquo; he said.

 Harry Ott, South Carolina director of the Farm Service Agency.



 Harry Ott, South Carolina director of the Farm Service Agency, speaks at the
Clemson Edisto Research and Education Center in Blackville.

 Image Credit: Clemson University



 Some government programs can help, however, Ott said. The federal Emergency
Conservation Program can provide farmers assistance in removing debris and
repairing damage to fields, waterways and ditches. Farmers should apply with the
FSA. Farmers also can apply with the Natural Resources Conservation Service for
assistance in repairing damaged roadways, Ott said.



 Additionally, Ott said farmers may receive payments as early as this month from
the federal Agriculture Risk Coverage (ARC) or Price Loss Coverage (PLC)
programs, 2014 Farm Bill programs that replaced the guaranteed direct payments
under previous federal policy. ARC and PLC may provide some revenue protection
based on countywide average yields or market prices, respectively, but payments
are variable and uncertain and cotton is no longer covered under the program.



 ARC and PLC payments coming in October cover last year's crop, not current
crops that are in significant distress.



 John Hane, owner of Middling Cotton Co., a cotton gin in St. Matthews, said
some crops won't be worth harvesting. Regrowth and seed sprouting will
deteriorate cotton quality and farm income, though sunny weather should help
alleviate cotton sprouting, he said. Hane suggested peanut farmers not harvest
crops in fields where water is standing because peanuts will be rotten.



 &ldquo;It's going to be a very trying harvest season,&rdquo; Hane said.



 Peanuts, meanwhile, are susceptible to mold and disease as they sit in the
field, said Dan Anco, Clemson University peanut specialist. As plants weaken in
the rain-soaked fields, peanuts will fall to the ground and won't be able to be
harvested at all, he said.



 Farmers can apply for loans with the FSA, but Ott said the lending market will
be tight.



 &ldquo;Even before this flood event, we were looking at cash-flow projections
based on these prices and our average yields in South Carolina and it was going
to be very difficult for us to make loans going into 2016,&rdquo; Ott said.
&ldquo;We have now added insult to injury. There are going to be farmers who
have no crops to sell.&rdquo;



 Clemson's Edisto Research and Education Center conducted the field day to help
farmers evaluate their options in the aftermath of unprecedented rainfall.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             467 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2014 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                    GlobalData - Major Products and Services

                                 March 24, 2014

                 State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company

                              One State Farm Plaza
                             Bloomington,  IL 61710
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRODUCTS:

   State Farm offers insurance and other financial products. The company's key
products include: Products:

   Insurance:


     ·    Annuities
     ·    Auto Insurance
     ·    Home Insurance
     ·    Health Insurance
     ·    Life Insurance
     ·    Property Insurance
     ·    Business Insurance


   Mutual Funds

   Bank Accounts:


     ·    Certificate of Deposit (CD) Accounts:
     ·    Fixed Rate CD
     ·    Coverdell Education Savings Account CD


   Individual Retirement Account CDs


     ·    Money Market Account
     ·    Checking Accounts
     ·    Savings Account
     ·    Health Savings Accounts


   Credit Cards


     ·    Gift Cards


Loans:


     ·    Home Mortgage Loans
     ·    Home Equity Loans
     ·    Vehicle Loans
     ·    Business Loans Brands:


   State Farm Bank


     ·    State Farm



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Overview
Company Statement                       History
Key Employee Biographies                Key Employees
Key Facts                               Locations and Subsidiaries
Major Products and Services             SWOT Analysis
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2014


                             468 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 22, 2015 Tuesday

Farm Bureau survey seeks farmer feedback on USDA programs

LENGTH: 290  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Jackson: Growing Mississippi  has issued the following news release:



  The American Farm Bureau Federation is surveying farmers and ranchers about
their experiences with 10 USDA programs administered by three agencies.





 AFBF says the online survey will be used to develop recommendations on how USDA
can improve the programs and make them more useful to agricultural producers.

 All farmers and ranchers, not just Farm Bureau members, are encouraged to take
the survey, which takes about 10 minutes to complete, AFBF says.



 "Farmers and ranchers sometimes find it confusing and complex to participate in
USDA programs," AFBF President Bob Stallman said in a release. "At the same
time, USDA staff are concerned that farmers and ranchers who could benefit from
a number of different programs frequently do not apply."



 The survey focuses on the following USDA programs from the Farm Service Agency,
Natural Resources Conservation Service, and Rural Development:



 o           Environmental Quality Incentives Program;



 o           Conservation Stewardship Program;



 o           Conservation Reserve Program;



 o           Conservation Reserve Enhancement Program;



 o           Value-Added Agricultural Producer Grants;



 o           Rural Energy for America Program;



 o           Farmers' Marketing and Local Food Promotion Program;



 o           Direct Farm Ownership Loans;



 o           Direct Farm Operating Loans; and



 o           Guaranteed Farm Loans (farm operating and farm ownership).



 AFBF says it will share feedback from the survey about what is working well
with the programs and how they can be improved with USDA.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             469 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    The Blair Press (Alma Center, Wisconsin)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 16, 2010

USDA announces loan program for natural resource conservation

BYLINE: The Blair Press-Alma Center staff

LENGTH: 256  words


WASHINGTON, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced the launch of a
Conservation Loan (CL) program that will provide farm owners and farm-related
business operators access to credit to implement conservation techniques that
will conserve natural resources. "This will give farmers who want to implement
conservation measures on their lands a chance to do so by providing assistance
with their up-front costs," said Vilsack. "In return, these producers will help
to reduce soil erosion, improve water quality and promote sustainable and
organic

agricultural practices." CL funds can be used to implement conservation
practices approved by the Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS), such as
the installation of conservation structures; establishment of forest cover;
installation of water conservation measures; establishment or improvement of
permanent pastures; implementation of manure management; and the adaptation of
other emerging or existing conservation practices, techniques or technologies.
Direct CLs can be obtained through local Farm Service Agency (FSA) offices with
loan limits up to $300,000. Guaranteed CLs up to $1,112,000 are available from
lenders working wim FSA. For more information on the Conservation Loan program,
contact a local FSA office or visit the FSA website at www.fsa.usda.gov. For
more information about this announcement please see the notice which will appear
in the September 3 edition of the Federal Register:

http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/federa INotices? area=home&subject=lare&topic=frd -
ii

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Natural Resources

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BLA

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2010 The Blair Press Alma Center


                             470 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 13, 2013 Friday

BRIEF: $2.1 million grant will lead to 14 new jobs at Vertical Farms

BYLINE: Chris Reinoos, Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 183 words


Dec. 13--A $2.1 million loan will provide financing to Vertical Farms Produce
LLC in Fergus Falls for equipment purchases and will create 14 new jobs,
according to Congressman Collin Peterson.

USDA Rural Development approved a 70 percent Business and Industry Guaranteed
Loan for the project.

With the loan, Vertical Farms will be able to operate a year-round indoor
growing and packaging facility.

The initial product will be lettuce and operations will eventually expand to
include herbs, spinach, strawberries and basil.

"This is great news for Fergus Falls and for the region," Peterson said in a
press release. "Value-added produce is making great strides in our rural
communities along with the desire for local foods, and this will be a nice boost
to the local economy."

Vertical Farms LLC is a company that grows crops via aeroponics, or the
cultivation of plants in a mist or air environment without soil.

___ (c)2013 the Fergus Falls Daily Journal (Fergus Falls, Minn.) Visit the
Fergus Falls Daily Journal (Fergus Falls, Minn.) at www.fergusfallsjournal.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131213-1FF-BRF-2.1-million-grant-will-lead-to-14-new-jobs-at-Vertical-
Farms-1213-20131213

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1FF


                Copyright 2013 Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn


                             471 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            December 16, 1983 Friday

Borg-Warner pulls out of White deal

BYLINE: ANN SILVERSIDES; GAM

LENGTH: 808 words


By  ANN SILVERSIDES
   In a surprise move, the agreement for the going-concern sale of White
 Farm Equipment Ltd. of Brantford, Ont., was terminated yesterday. It was
 scheduled to close on Jan. 5.

The receiver, Peat Marwick Ltd. of Toronto, is drawing up a liquidation
 plan, said spokesman Gary Colter.

Borg-Warner Acceptance (Canada) Ltd. of Toronto, a finance subsidiary
 of a U.S. conglomerate, terminated the agreement and asked for a refund of
 its $1.5-million deposit.

A spokesman for Borg Warner said the company was unable to come to an
 agreement with the United Auto Workers union. Such an agreement was one of
 the conditions of the sale of the financially-troubled company, which has
 been in receivership since last June.
    "I am shocked," said Peter White, international representative for the
 UAW who headed negotiations with Borg-Warner.
    "We were negotiating today (Thursday) and it is true we remained apart
 on some issues, but we fully expected them to come forward with a counter-
 proposal. This is a total shock, I wonder if it is a bluff."
    Robert Terry, division manager for Borg-Warner Acceptance Corp. of
 Chicago, who has been negotiating with the UAW, said, "This is not a
 negotiating tactic, it is for real."
    But Mr. Terry said Borg-Warner is "hoping the union may come to its
 senses" and approach the receiver.

And Borg-Warner has asked the Foreign Investment Review Agency to
 continue to process its application, he said.

The agreement with the UAW was the last hurdle in the sale of Borg-
 Warner. Another condition of the sale was FIRA approval. But Industry
 Minister Edward Lumley said in an interview yesterday that approval had
 been granted and an announcement was scheduled to be made today.

The original deadline for negotiations with the UAW was extended until
 yesterday. Gary Colter of Peat Marwick Ltd. of Toronto, the receiver for
 White Farm, said he offered to extend that period another week or more
 with payment of a $25,000 deposit that would be refundable if an agreement
 were reached.
    "We notified the union that we expected them to pay that (the $25,000
 deposit) but they did not consider it," said Mr. Terry of Borg-Warner.
    "The sum is not that much if we could come to an agreement, but you
 have to decide where you draw the line, when you quit."
    "We are suprised and disappointed by this turn of events . . . I don't
 see any alternative to liquidation. We're going to put together a
 liquidation plan and discuss the matter with the parties concerned," said
 Mr. Colter of Peat Marwick.
    "I think the whole thing is a tragedy if, at this stage, the deal is
 over."
    But Mr. Colter said he would "absolutely" consider anything that could
 lead to a going concern sale of White Farm. "Obviously, Peat Marwick would
 be delighted to put the thing back together again."
    Borg-Warner and the UAW were not that far apart in negotiations, said
 Mr. White of the UAW.

But Mr. Terry said: "We feel the union took the position that there is
 no end to the well, but that is not the case.
    "A lot is required to get that company on its feet again and it has to
 stand on its own. This is purely a business decision."
    The outstanding issues between the company and union include how much
 of the approximately $2-million worth of money owed to union members, as a
 result of the company's previous history, would be picked up by Borg-
 Warner.

The company said it has offered to pick up about $1.5-million of that
 liability, more than it is required to accept by law and more than the
 approximately $415,000 the union members would receive under liquidation.
    "We are about $400,000 apart," said Mr. White of the UAW.

Also at issue is about 50 cents an hour in the next contract with the
 UAW, said Mr. Terry. The current contract expires in March.

The federal and Ontario governments had guaranteed loans to White Farm  worth
$16.7-million, and both had been extensively involved in  negotiations for a
going concern sale of the company.     "I hope this is a ploy," said Andrew
Croll, head of the Ontario  Development Corporation, which guaranteed the loans
to White Farm.     "It is a good deal and it means jobs in Brantford. I would be
very  sorry to have seen the deal go this far and then end . . . As my lawyer
says, it ain't over until it's over."     White Farm dealers were also involved
with lobbying for a going-concern  sale of the farm equipment company and had
met Borg-Warner officials in  Saskatoon last week to discuss details about the
new company's operations.     "Boy that is a bombshell," said Percy Schmeiser,
spokesman for the  White Farm Dealers Association of Western Canada. "This will
cause a real  uproar . . . I hope the receiver will look again at some of the
other  offers to buy White.     "We still want to see an on-going company. This
puts us back almost to  square one."

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             472 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Ortonville Independent (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 28, 2010

USDA has loan program for natural resources conservation

BYLINE: The Ortonville Independent staff

LENGTH: 237  words


USDA Farm Service Agency Minnesota Executive Director Linda Hennen announced the
launch of a Conservation Loan (CL) program that will provide farm owners and
farm-related business operators access to credit to implement conservation
techniques that will conserve natural resources.

"This will provide farmers, who want to implement conservation measures on their
lands, a chance to do so by providing assistance with their upfront costs," said
Hennen. "In return, these producers will help reduce soil erosion, improve water
quality and promote sustainable and organic agricultural practices."

Direct CLs can be obtained through local Farm Service Agency (FSA) offices with
loan limits up to $300,000. Guaranteed CLs up to $1,112,000 are available from
lenders working with FSA.

CL funds can be used to implement conservation practices approved by the Natural
Resources Conservation Service (NRCS), such as the installation of conservation
structures; establishment of forest cover; installation of water conservation
measures; establishment or improvement of permanent pastures; implementation of
manure management; and the adaptation of other emerging or existing conservation
practices, techniques or technologies.

For more information on the Conservation Loan program, contact a local FSA
office or visit the FSA website at www.fsa.usda.gov.
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/federal Notices?area=home&subject=lare&to pic=frd-ii

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Natural Resources

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ORT

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2010 The Ortonville Independent


                             473 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2014 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                            WMI - Business Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                               February 20, 2014

                               Dutton State Bank

                                  Rossello 515
                              Barcelona,  NJ 08025
                                     Spain

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

COMPANY OVERVIEW


   Dutton State Bank is a banking and financial service provider based in the
US. The company offers deposit products such as personal and business checking
accounts, savings accounts, health savings accounts, money market savings,
online banking, time certificates of deposits, travel and gift cards, notary
services, safe deposit boxes, money orders and cashier's checks services. Its
agricultural lending services include FSA guaranteed loans, operating lines,
equipment term debt, livestock, and farm and ranch mortgages. Dutton State Bank
also provides real estate loans such as conventional loans, government
guaranteed loans, construction lines of credit, bridge loans and manufactured
and mobile portfolio loans. In addition, the company offers consumer loans
including auto loans, unsecured loans and home improvement term loans. It
operates additional office in White Sulphur Springs, Montana. Dutton State Bank
is headquartered in Dutton, Montana, the US.


BUSINESS DESCRIPTION:




* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *






LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014


                             474 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                WMI Company News

                              May 24, 2016 Tuesday

EIB to provide £525m loan for Beatrice wind farm offshore UK

LENGTH: 183 words


The EIB loan will have tenure of 19 years and portion of the EIB loan will be
guaranteed under the European Fund for Strategic Investments.

To be constructed 14km off the Caithness coast, the 86-turbine wind farm will
produce up to 588MW of electricity, which is enough to meet the energy needs of
over 475,000 homes.

Estimated to cost more than £2.7bn, the will be constructed by Beatrice Offshore
Windfarm Limited, a joint venture between SSE, SDIC Power and Copenhagen
Infrastructure Partners.

The wind farm will use Siemens 7MW wind turbines with 154m diameter rotor
blades. It is expected to be fully operational in 2019.

EIB vice president Jonathan Taylor said: "We are pleased to provide GBP 525
million to support construction of the Beatrice wind farm that will strengthen
renewable energy generation in Scotland. This also represents the first Scottish
scheme to be backed by the new European Fund for Strategic Investments.

"EIB backing for energy investment across the UK demonstrates our firm
commitment to supporting ambitious energy projects that create jobs and benefit
local companies."

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 World Market Intelligence Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             475 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Hoeven: USDA Makes Additional Funding Available to Support Up to
$185 Million in Farm Operating Loans, Loan Guarantees

LENGTH: 345  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



 Senator John Hoeven, a member of the Senate Agriculture Committee and
Agriculture Appropriations Committee, today announced that the U.S. Department
of Agriculture (USDA) Farm Service Agency (FSA) will make additional funding
available to leverage up to $185 million in additional lending for direct and
guaranteed farm operation loans. Hoeven wrote to USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack in
July, urging the agency to replenish the loan programs to ensure that the
nation's agriculture producers have access to necessary credit during the
current period of low commodity prices.





 "These FSA loan programs exist to help our farmers and ranchers weather low
prices and keep their operations going," Hoeven said. "When the programs faced a
shortfall due to the rapid increase in demand for loans, we worked with USDA and
our colleagues in the Agriculture Committees of both chambers to reprogram FSA
funding to open up more loan authority. This means our ag producers will have
access to more capital to get them through these tough times."



 Due to low commodity prices and cash flow issues, farmers across the nation
have been increasingly relying on the FSA loan programs for temporary
assistance, which were then facing a shortfall in loan authority. The additional
funding announced today will help ensure that farmers have access to the capital
they need to continue their operations.



 To this same end, Hoeven and Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.) have introduced
the Capital for Farmers and Ranchers Act, legislation that increases the maximum
loan amount that an individual farmer or rancher is able to receive under the
FSA's loan and loan guarantee programs. Specifically, it increases the FSA loan
guarantee amount to cover up to $2.5 million, up from $1.39 million, and doubles
the amount on Direct Operating and Direct Farm Ownership Loans from $300,000 to
$600,000.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             476 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Hoeven: USDA Makes Additional Funding Available to Support Up to
$185 Million in Farm Operating Loans, Loan Guarantees

LENGTH: 345  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



 Senator John Hoeven, a member of the Senate Agriculture Committee and
Agriculture Appropriations Committee, today announced that the U.S. Department
of Agriculture (USDA) Farm Service Agency (FSA) will make additional funding
available to leverage up to $185 million in additional lending for direct and
guaranteed farm operation loans. Hoeven wrote to USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack in
July, urging the agency to replenish the loan programs to ensure that the
nation's agriculture producers have access to necessary credit during the
current period of low commodity prices.





 "These FSA loan programs exist to help our farmers and ranchers weather low
prices and keep their operations going," Hoeven said. "When the programs faced a
shortfall due to the rapid increase in demand for loans, we worked with USDA and
our colleagues in the Agriculture Committees of both chambers to reprogram FSA
funding to open up more loan authority. This means our ag producers will have
access to more capital to get them through these tough times."



 Due to low commodity prices and cash flow issues, farmers across the nation
have been increasingly relying on the FSA loan programs for temporary
assistance, which were then facing a shortfall in loan authority. The additional
funding announced today will help ensure that farmers have access to the capital
they need to continue their operations.



 To this same end, Hoeven and Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.) have introduced
the Capital for Farmers and Ranchers Act, legislation that increases the maximum
loan amount that an individual farmer or rancher is able to receive under the
FSA's loan and loan guarantee programs. Specifically, it increases the FSA loan
guarantee amount to cover up to $2.5 million, up from $1.39 million, and doubles
the amount on Direct Operating and Direct Farm Ownership Loans from $300,000 to
$600,000.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             477 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                              May 2, 2009 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Harper unveils farm-loan plan

BYLINE: Canwest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Canada Digest; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 142  words

DATELINE: EDGELEY, SASK.


While recession and flu dominate national headlines, Prime Minister Stephen
Harper dropped in on Saskatchewan on Friday to talk farming.

With Agriculture Minister Gerry Ritz at his side, Harper said his government
plans to introduce legislation that will guarantee an estimated $1 billion in
loans over the next five years. Most of the money will go to farmers and
co-operatives that were previously ineligible, he told about 40 party faithful
on a farm about 50 kilometres northeast of Regina.

Ritz said the plan will expand the scope of the Farm Improvement and Marketing
Co-operative Loans Act by "virtually doubling" the amount of guaranteed credit
available to farmers, expanding the criteria so that new farmers will be
eligible and more agricultural co-ops can apply, and providing support so young
farmers can more easily take over the family farm.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News; Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             478 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 22, 2014 Friday

Single Family Housing Guaranteed Loan Program

LENGTH: 337  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Interim Final Rule; Delay Of Effective Date.
Summary

On December 9, 2013, the Rural Housing Service (RHS) published an interim final
rule concerning the streamlining and reengineering its Single Family Housing
Guaranteed Loan Program. The effective date was listed as September 1, 2014 and
is being deferred to December 1, 2014.
Unified Agenda
Guaranteed Single-Family Housing

6 actions from October 28th, 2011 to September 2015

October 28th, 2011
        NPRM
        76 FR 66860
    December 27th, 2011
        NPRM Comment Period End
    December 9th, 2013
        Interim Final Rule
        78 FR 73927
    January 8th, 2014
        Interim Final Rule Comment Period End
    September 1st, 2014
        Interim Final Rule Effective
    September 2015
        Final Rule


Table of Contents Back to Top

AGENCIES:
    DATES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

DATES: Back to Top

Effective on August 22, 2014, the effective date of the interim final rule
published December 9, 2013 (78 FR 73928) is delayed from September 1, 2014 to
December 1, 2014.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Joaquín Tremols, Director, Single Family Housing Guaranteed Loan Division, USDA,
Rural Development, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Room 2250, Stop 0784,
Washington, DC 20250, telephone (202) 720-1465, Email:
joaquin.tremols@wdc.usda.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

On December 9, 2013, the Rural Housing Service (RHS) published an interim final
rule concerning the streamlining and reengineering its Single Family Housing
Guaranteed Loan Program. The effective date of September 1, 2014 is being
deferred to December 1, 2014 to allow for adequate implementation of affected
automated processes.

Dated: August 19, 2014.

Tony Hernandez,

Acting Under Secretary, Rural Development.

Dated: August 18, 2014.

Michael T. Scuse,

Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services.


For more information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             479 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 22, 2014 Friday

Single Family Housing Guaranteed Loan Program

LENGTH: 337  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Interim Final Rule; Delay Of Effective Date.
Summary

On December 9, 2013, the Rural Housing Service (RHS) published an interim final
rule concerning the streamlining and reengineering its Single Family Housing
Guaranteed Loan Program. The effective date was listed as September 1, 2014 and
is being deferred to December 1, 2014.
Unified Agenda
Guaranteed Single-Family Housing

6 actions from October 28th, 2011 to September 2015

October 28th, 2011
        NPRM
        76 FR 66860
    December 27th, 2011
        NPRM Comment Period End
    December 9th, 2013
        Interim Final Rule
        78 FR 73927
    January 8th, 2014
        Interim Final Rule Comment Period End
    September 1st, 2014
        Interim Final Rule Effective
    September 2015
        Final Rule


Table of Contents Back to Top

AGENCIES:
    DATES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

DATES: Back to Top

Effective on August 22, 2014, the effective date of the interim final rule
published December 9, 2013 (78 FR 73928) is delayed from September 1, 2014 to
December 1, 2014.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Joaquín Tremols, Director, Single Family Housing Guaranteed Loan Division, USDA,
Rural Development, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Room 2250, Stop 0784,
Washington, DC 20250, telephone (202) 720-1465, Email:
joaquin.tremols@wdc.usda.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

On December 9, 2013, the Rural Housing Service (RHS) published an interim final
rule concerning the streamlining and reengineering its Single Family Housing
Guaranteed Loan Program. The effective date of September 1, 2014 is being
deferred to December 1, 2014 to allow for adequate implementation of affected
automated processes.

Dated: August 19, 2014.

Tony Hernandez,

Acting Under Secretary, Rural Development.

Dated: August 18, 2014.

Michael T. Scuse,

Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services.


For more information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             480 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                    GlobalData - Major Products and Services

                               February 21, 2017

                         1st Farm Credit Services Flca

                              2000 Jacobssen Drive
                                  Normal 61761
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRODUCTS:

   1st Farm Credit is a financial services company. Key products offered by the
company include the following: Products:

   Agriculture Loans and Leases:


     ·    Farm Real Estate Loans
     ·    Operating Loans
     ·    Building and Equipment Loans
     ·    Swine Industry Loans
     ·    Young and Beginning Farmers
     ·    Building and Equipment Leases
     ·    Recreational Land Loans
     ·    On-Site Equipment Financing


   Home Loans:


     ·    Rural Home Loans
     ·    Conventional Loans
     ·    Construction Loans
     ·    Recreational Land Loans
     ·    Refinancing


   Crop Insurance


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Financial Ratios
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2017


                             481 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                            December 1, 2013 Sunday

Farm Briefs

BYLINE: Chico Enterprise-Record

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 420 words


Glenn livestock judging results

Approximately 295 Glenn County 4-H members participated in the Glenn County 4-H
Livestock Judging Field Day Nov. 16, and program manager Jamie Marron reported
the results.

Top Point winners included Trinity Cobb of the Lake 4-H, in the junior division;
Austin Burreson, Lake 4-H, intermediate; Raelene Garnett, Clover 4-H, senior.

Team winners were: Junior   Trinity Cobb, Kyle Lowe and Franchesca Martins of
Lake 4-H; Intermediate   Meghan Weinrich, Shelby Weinrich and Katherine Taylor,
of Clover 4-H; Senior   Ally Zuppan, Danielle Zuppan and Robert B. Thomson, of
Capay 4-H.

Top by class included: Junior division   Trinity Cobb, Allison Dalrymple and
Aiden. Intermediate   Austin Burreson, Shelby Weinrich and Katherine Taylor.
Senior   Raelene Garnett, Ally Zuppan and Danielle Zuppan.

One more country shopping day

"Holiday Cheer & Charm Out on the Farm," the self-guided tour of the Sierra Oro
Farm Trail, continues today,www.sierraoro.org .

Stops on the trail will be open today from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Rural youth loans

OROVILLE   The Farm Service Agency makes loans to rural youths to establish and
operate income-producing projects in connection with 4-H, FFA and other
agricultural groups. Projects must be planned and operated with the help of the
organization adviser, produce sufficient income to repay the loan and provide
the youth with practical business and educational experience. The maximum loan
amount is $5,000.

The program is available to young people age 10-20 who live in towns with a
population of 50,000 or less.

The Oroville Farm Service Agency is at 150 Chuck Yeager Way, Suite D, 534-0112.

More from micro-loan program

Small loans, up to $35,000, are available through a program for beginning, niche
and small farms.

Examples of projects funded include hoop houses, essential tools, irrigation and
annual expenses such as seed, fertilizer, utilities, land rents, marketing and
distribution expenses.

As financing needs increase, applicants can apply for a regular operating loan
up to the maximum amount of $300,000 or obtain financing from a commercial
lender under FSA's Guaranteed Loan Program.

To talk about the program, and see if it is a fit, make an appointment with a
loan approval official through a local Farm Service Agency.

Glenn market meeting Monday

ORLAND   The Glenn County Certified Farmers Market Advisory Committee, a
standing committee of the Glenn County Resource Conservation District, will meet
from 10 a.m. to noon Monday at Orland Library, 333 Mill St.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Wednesday a goat stares from a patch of San Francisco International
Airport. The airport is using 400 goats to clear an area prone to fire.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             482 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                Telegraph Herald

                              May 18, 2001 Friday

Farm-loan delinquencies fall

BYLINE: ASSOCIATED PRESS

SECTION: Pg. b6

LENGTH: 238 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Despite slumping crop prices in recent years, delinquency rates on government
farm loans have fallen sharply because farmers now risk being cut off from
credit if they do not keep up their payments.

The Agriculture Department lends directly to farmers and also guarantees loans
through private banks.

About 21 percent of the $$ @8.7 billion in outstanding direct loans were
delinquent as of September, compared with 41 percent in 1995, the General
Accounting Office reported Wednesday.

The delinquency rate on the department's $$ @8 billion in guaranteed loans has
held relatively steady at 3.5 percent.

Rules imposed by Congress in 1996 prohibited farmers from getting new loans if
they are delinquent on an existing loan or have debt forgiven.

"Prior to these changes, there was no disincentive for borrowers to have ...
debts written off rather than to repay them," Carolyn Cooksie, deputy
administrator of the loan programs, told the Senate Agriculture Committee.

The new rules prompted "borrowers to more carefully consider the consequences of
failure to repay," she said.

The department was losing about $$ @3 billion per year on bad loans in the early
1990s. That has now been cut to about $$ @500 million a year.

"That's still a lot of money but a significant improvement since our credit
reform legislation," said Sen. Richard Lugar, R-Ind., chairman of the Senate
committee.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2001 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             483 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Mountain Messenger (Lewisburg, West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 18, 2010

Conservation Loans available

BYLINE: Mountain Messenger staff

LENGTH: 226  words


USDA Farm Service Agency WV Executive Director Alfred Lewis announced the launch
of a Conservation Loan (CL) program that will provide farm owners and farm
-related business operators access to credit to implement conservation
techniques that will conserve natural resources.

This will provide farmers, who want to implement conservation measures on their
lands, a chance to do so by providing assistance with their up-front costs,
"said Lewis. "In return, these producers will help reduce soil erosion, improve
water quality and promote sustainable and organic agricultural practices."

Direct CLs can be obtained through local Farm Service Agency (FSA) offices with
loan limits up to $300, 000. Guaranteed CLs up to $1, 112, 000 are available
from lenders working with FSA.

CL funds can be used to implement conservation practices approved by the Natural
Resources Conservation Service (NRCS), such as the installation of conservation
structures; establishment of forest cover; installation of water conservation
measures; establishment or improvement of permanent pastures; implementation of
manure management; and the adaptation of other emerging or existing conservation
practices, techniques or technologies.

For more information on the Conservation Loan program, contact a local FSA
office at 1-304-645-6172 ext 2 or visit the FSA website at www.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MMS

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2010 Mountain Messenger


                             484 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                              May 13, 2008 Tuesday

Cash-Flush, N.D.-Owned Bank Eyes Student Line

BYLINE: Katie Kuehner-Hebert

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 1 Vol. 173 No. 92

LENGTH: 1242  words


Business is booming for the only bank in the country owned by its state's
taxpayers.

The $3.1 billion-asset Bank of North Dakota exists primarily to foster economic
development, and it does this largely by helping small banks make loans that
exceed their lending limits. Demand for its loans has never been higher as the
state enjoys strong economic growth fueled by the thriving agricultural sector,
an expanding manufacturing base, surging demand for alternative energy, and a
beginning to development of what is considered to be the biggest oil find in
U.S. history.

Moreover, the Bank of North Dakota - a direct lender of federally guaranteed
student credits - has seen its student loan business pick up as more traditional
lenders left the business due to narrowing margins and falling demand for the
loans on the secondary market.

Reaping the benefits are the state's communities. All the bank's deposits come
from state coffers, so much of its profits are put into the state's general
fund. The more it makes - its earnings grew 19% last year, to $51 million - the
more it can invest in economic development.

The higher profits have also enabled the bank to participate in more commercial
loans with community banks; its commercial loan volume grew 22% last year, to
$689 million.

The bank helps out community banks in other ways as well. It will pay down the
interest on loans made by traditional banks to businesses that create jobs in
the state and guarantee loans made by other banks to start-up businesses. It
also functions similarly to a banker's bank, providing fed funds, clearing
checks, and supplying other correspondent banking services.

Eric Hardmeyer, the bank's president, said, "We've never wanted to be a
competitor against the private sector because we've always had a competitive
edge with our captive deposit base."

It was natural that the country's only state-owned bank was formed in North
Dakota, a state with a long history of progressive policies, Mr. Hardmeyer said.

Bank of North Dakota was founded in 1919 by farmers unhappy with what they
considered unreasonable financing rates charged by out-of-state creditors, Mr.
Hardmeyer said. Earlier the farmers had formed a political party, the Non
Partisan League, which gained control of the North Dakota Legislature in 1917
and then formed both the bank and a state-owned grain elevator and mill, which
still exist today.

In later years Bank of North Dakota's focus expanded to help other state
agencies promote entrepreneurialism through special incentive programs, such as
the bank's interest rate buy-downs on loans to businesses that create jobs, Mr.
Hardmeyer said.

Companies are taking advantage of the incentive programs, as well as of North
Dakota's lower labor and other costs, to open or expand manufacturing
operations. As a result the state's manufacturing base is becoming more
diversified, with computer and electronic firms, as well as farm equipment
manufacturers and food processing plants, expanding there.

For example Microsoft Inc. bought Great Plains Software in 1999 and later
relocated additional operations to its campus in Fargo, N.D. Next year, the
Bellevue, Wash., software giant plans to expand the Fargo operation, adding 500
jobs, for a total of 1,500 employees.

Agriculture, of course, is the state's top industry, and rising prices for such
commodities as wheat and corn has been a boon to the state's farmers and the
economy is a whole, said David T. Flynn, an economist at the University of North
Dakota.

Down the road, North Dakota appears poised to emerge as a major energy-producing
state.

As in some other plains states, alternative energy companies are flocking in to
build ethanol plants and wind farms.

Even more significantly, North Dakota sits smack on top of a major oil
discovery. The U.S. Geological Survey last month released an assessment that a
geologic layer called the Bakken Formation beneath western North Dakota, eastern
Montana, and southern Canada could yield 3 billion to 4.3 billion barrels of oil
within the U.S. portion alone.

Already, landowners are increasing their personal incomes by leasing mineral
rights to oil companies, Mr. Flynn said, and drilling has begun in several
areas.

"North Dakota has a fairly favorable economy right now, with good job creation
coming out of those booms," Mr. Flynn said.

North Dakota's unemployment rate was 3.1% in April, compared to the 5% national
rate, Mr. Flynn said.

The $61 million-asset Lakeside Bank in New Town, N.D. - the "epicenter" of the
Bakken Formation in western North Dakota - is poised to benefit from expected
growth in both population and jobs as oil production expands, said Gary
Petersen, Lakeside's CEO. Its deposits have increased as landowners receive
income from their mineral-rights leases.

However, the fast growth will be challenging for the predominantly rural area,
Mr. Petersen said, because the infrastructure to support new businesses and new
housing must be upgraded quickly.

"These challenges are going to come at us pretty quickly," he said, "but the
expertise at the Bank of North Dakota and at other state agencies will help us
better address those challenges."

The state-owned bank, working with such agencies as the division of economic
development and finance, is expected to help rural communities in the Bakken
Formation region by offering small-business assistance to start-ups in addition
to guaranteed loans and by providing financing options to upgrade
infrastructure.

The $719 million-asset Alerus Bank in Grand Forks has been working with Bank of
North Dakota for more than 20 years, said Karl A. Bollingberg, a regional
president. Perhaps the best way the state-owned bank has helped Alerus is by
participating in commercial credits ranging from $3 million to $5 million -
loans the bank could not make on its own without breaching its lending limits.

"This allows us to work with much larger companies, and lets us keep our
relationships with smaller companies as they grow, because they don't have to go
to a larger bank," Mr. Bollingberg said.

Alerus participates in about $100 million of loans with Bank of North Dakota.
Its first-quarter net income was up 35% from the year earlier, to $2.9 million.

In addition to working with other financial institutions, Bank of North Dakota
originates student loans. In 1967, it became the first institution to make
federally guaranteed student loans to college students.

Now that many traditional banks are leaving the business because margins have
narrowed and the secondary market for such loans has dried up, Bank of North
Dakota's loan volume has picked up, Mr. Hardmeyer said. Its student loan
portfolio grew 14.6% last year, to $643 million, and he expects loan volume to
rise even further this year.

"We are seeing a great opportunity in the student loan business," Mr. Hardmeyer
said.

The bank has historically made loans mainly for students attending colleges in
North Dakota and neighboring states, but it has begun to receive a burgeoning
number of requests from colleges in other Midwestern states asking for loans to
their students, Mr. Hardmeyer said.

About 60% of the bank's profits are returned to the state's general fund, and
that is good for all of North Dakota, said Lakeside's Mr. Petersen. "If the bank
didn't put that money into the general fund, we'd have to pay more taxes, or the
state would have to cut services," he said.

http://www.americanbanker.com/ http://www.sourcemedia.com/

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo, Hardmeyer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: a


                        Copyright 2008 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             485 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               September 24, 1990

Farm & Home Wins Servicing

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 356 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Farm & Home Financial Corp., Nevada, Mo., has submitted the winning bid to the
Resolution Trust Corp. for the $ 1.9 billion mortgage servicing portfolio of
Meritbanc Mortgage Co., Houston.

Details of the transaction were not disclosed.

Farm & Home acquires a portfolio which consists of more than 28,000 one-to-four
family residential mortgages originated in 42 states, with the bulk in Texas.

The average loan is in excess of $ 60,000.  Most are insured by the Federal
Housing Administration or guaranteed by the Veterans Administration.

The deal doubles the size of Farm & Home's mortgage servicing business.

The transaction is expected to be completed by year's end.

The Boston (Mass.) Five Bancorp, Inc. has sold the servicing rights to $ 859
million of residential mortgages.

Regulations included in the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and
Enforcement Act, which require capital in support of any recourse retained on
loans sold to others, was behind the decision to sell.

"By selling these servicing rights, and the recourse associated with the loans,
The Boston Five has eliminated 82% of the recourse risk in its loan servicing
portfolio and thereby has significantly improved its risk-based capital," the
company said.

Since December 1989 and prior to the sale, the company had a risk-based capital
ratio of 7.0%, which is above the current requirement by 60 basis points.

The Boston Five made a pre-tax gain of $ 3.3 million on the sale.

"Our mortgage servicing business is profitable and we want to grow our portfolio
of mortgages serviced for others.

"This means we will need to originate and purchase servicing rights (without
recourse risk) in order to rebuild and expand our servicing volume and fee
income.

"The terms of the sale called for the Boston Five to buy back delinquent
mortgages in the pool of loans on which the servicing was sold.  Doing so has
caused an increase in our residential mortgages on non-accrual status," the
company said.

Currently, The Boston Five services $ 1.9 billion in mortgages for others, a
decrease of 30% from the $ 2.7 billion serviced as of April 30.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1990 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             486 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Global Capital Euroweek

                                  May 19, 2016

CNH launches equipment deal in challenging agri market

BYLINE: Sasha Padbidri

SECTION: CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL,FEDERAL RESERVE BANK OF CHICAGO

LENGTH: 441  words



HIGHLIGHT: CNH Industrial Capital is marketing a $861.88m deal backed by mostly
agricultural equipment loans and contracts, even as the domestic agricultural
market struggles with falling grain prices and farm incomes.


Bank of America Merrill Lynch is the lead underwriter on the no-grow deal.

Moody's Investor Service and Fitch Ratings have assigned preliminary ratings of
P-1 and F-1 respectively to the $190.50m 'A1' notes. The $166.30m 'A-2A' notes
and the $166.30m 'A-2B' notes have been assigned ratings of Aaa and AAA. The
$246.60m 'A3' notes and $72.79m 'A4' notes were also assigned Aaa and AAA
ratings. The $19.39m 'B' notes received an A2 and A+ rating.

The collateral pool comprises of 87% agricultural equipment contracts and loans,
with the remainder backed by construction equipment. This is CNH's second ABS
offering of 2016.

Analysts at Moody's also noted thatthe transaction contains a slightly higher
percentage of annual paying loans, which could impact volatility due to their
seasonal repayment schedule.Grain drain

A quarterly report published by the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago on May 12
pointed out thatagricultural credit conditions in the Midwest deteriorated
further during the first quarter of 2016.

Based on data from a survey carried out by the bank onagricultural land values
and credit conditions, the report also indicated that the repayment rates for
non-real estate farm loans were much weaker than a year ago, while renewals and
extensions of these loans were much higher than a year earlier.

"Survey respondents forecasted higher volumes of non-real-estate farm loans for
the April through June period of 2016 compared with the same period of 2015,"
wrote David Oppedahl, a senior business economist with the bank.

"Specifically, they expected higher volumes for operating loans, dairy loans,
and loans guaranteed by the Farm Service Agency of the US Department of
Agriculture (USDA). In contrast, they expected lower volumes for grain storage
loans, farm machinery loans, and feeder cattle loans," he added.

Oppedahl noted that this reflected the "challenging circumstances" facing
farmers, as they attempt to "weather a downturn in agricultural prices by
shoring up their cash flows and holding back on capital spending."

The Moody's analysts also warned that these conditions will lead to a rise in
delinquencies for equipment loan ABS backed by agricultural equipment.

"As grain commodity prices have fallen, so have farm incomes," wrote the
analysts in a research note published in May. "Although farm expenses have also
fallen during this period, the decline in expenses has not been sufficient to
offset the decrease in revenue."

"If farm incomes decrease in 2016 to levels that the USDA projects,
delinquencies for ABS transactions in the sector that we rate will remain at
higher levels than in the past five years," they added.


LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EUROW


              Copyright 2016 Euromoney Institutional Investor PLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             487 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 19, 2009 Sunday

Bank's failure puts farm loans in jeopardy

BYLINE: Bill Jackson, Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1168 words


Apr. 19--While the fallout from the failure of northern Colorado's largest bank
has yet to be fully ascertained, New Frontier Bank's takeover by federal
officials last week might be felt the most in rural areas miles beyond the city
limits.

Farmers and dairy operators who rely on loans at the start of the growing season
to finance the purchase of seed, fertilizer and other inputs generally don't see
returns until they begin their harvests later in the year. The failure of New
Frontier, one of agriculture's largest lenders, couldn't have come at a worse
time, said Tony Miller, president of First FarmBank of Greeley

"This is the time of year when farmers need to rely on a line of credit," Miller
said.

Now, they are lining up at other banks hoping for loans that Miller and other
small, community lenders say they may not be able to provide.

Miller said First FarmBank has had 20-25 applications from former New Frontier
borrowers, seeking loans of about $16 million.

"We're not that big of a bank and can't handle that," Miller said at a meeting
last week between an aide for U.S. Sen. Michael Bennet, D-Colo., and a dozen
farmers, farm organization representatives and bankers at the Greeley Chamber of
Commerce.

Les Hardesty, who owns dairies in Greeley and Windsor, said New Frontier
financed about 30 percent of the purchase of dairy cows in the state, which puts
additional stress on an already struggling industry.

"For every truck you see with a load of milk on the highway, you see a $3,000
loss to that dairyman," Hardesty said.

That's the result of milk prices that have dropped by $5 to $6 per hundred
pounds from levels dairy producers were receiving last year, he said, adding
that the net price dairy farmers are getting currently represents less than $1 a
gallon.

Miller, along with Kent Peppler and Leland Swenson of the Rocky Mountain Farmers
Union, suggested that reducing the red tape of guaranteed loans from the USDA's
Farm Service Agency might be a way to ease that problem. Miller said his bank is
not opposed to FSA guaranteed loans, but he said it takes 45-60 days to complete
the paperwork for those loans.

"The USDA needs to let community banks make more decisions with less involvement
by the FSA," said Peppler, who farms near Mead.

Jon Slutsky, who has a dairy near Wellington, said he started that operation in
1981 and got $15 per 100 pounds of milk he produced. He said dairy farmers are
now operating on equity, noting "I don't have a clue how far (prices) will go
down, but when you run out of equity ... this is the worse than I've ever
experienced."

Both said that situation also has a trickle down reaction.

"As we burn equity and our line of credit, we don't have the money to pay the
corn guys for their crop," Hardesty said, noting the industry needs to be
stabilized. The pending construction of the Leprino Foods cheese plant in
Greeley will help, he said, but the economy and other factors have slowed the
progress on that facility, set for opening in 2011.

Dairy Farmers of America, which Hardesty also represents, supplies Leprino with
80 percent to 85 percent of the milk it uses.

"They (Leprino) know over the long-term, we'll be fine, but the global demand
for their product has also gone down," he said, noting the cyclical nature of
the dairy industry -- and agriculture in general -- will change for the
positive, eventually.

Other livestock industries are also struggling, said Don Rutledge, a farmer from
Yuma who also feeds cattle and pigs. He said the cost of planting an acre of
corn has gone from $550 an acre a couple of years ago to about $700 an acre this
year because of increased prices of fuel, fertilizer and chemicals. Mark
Sponsler, executive director of Colorado Corn, said the price farmers have
received for that crop has declined significantly in the past six months,
following the path of the general economy.

Rutledge, who also is the president of the Colorado Livestock Association, said
he contracts to sell his pigs to Smithfield Foods and has realized a $50 per
head loss during the past few months, while the cattle he's been feeding have
lost $200 per head. And he said, dairy animals that were worth $2,500 per head
six months ago are now bringing $1,400.

"Credit is pretty good in our area, but right now banks are lending based on
history and not cash flow," Rutledge said, adding the farm economy, "is the
worse I've seen since the 1980s." A good sign, he said, is that exports of U.S.
beef products are up and almost to the level "they were five or six years ago."

Doug Melcher, a corn and wheat producer from Prowers County in eastern Colorado,
said farmers need financing now to get their crop planted. He said smaller banks
in that part of the state have refused stimulus money because by taking it they
lose too much control of their banks.

Melcher and Bruce Unruh, who farms near Burlington, told Bennet's aide,
Katharine Ferguson, that the USDA needs to extend payments to farmers who have
land in the Conservation Reserve Program, which was started several years ago
and pays farmers to take highly erodible land out of production. Unruh said
there are farmers with plows sitting next to some of those fields ready to put
that land back into production if the program is eliminated.

That would result in the release of carbon from that land, adding to more
greenhouse emissions and off-setting carbon sequestration programs started by
many farmers in the past couple of years, they said.

"There's too much invested in the CRP program to just do away with it," Swenson
pointed out.

The two-hour discussion also covered renewable energy including infrastructure
for those projects and methane digesters, other USDA programs including
nutrition efforts, the need for additional water storage in the state, finding
ways to get more young people involved in agriculture, and the importance of
additional ethanol plants, including increasing the amount of ethanol in
gasoline mixtures and opening more ethanol pumps.

In response to the closing of New Frontier Bank, the Colorado Farm Bureau in
conjunction with Weld County Farm Bureau will host a meeting in Greeley from 1-3
p.m. Tuesday. The purpose of the meeting is to introduce those members and ag
producers impacted by the New Frontier Bank closing to Farm Bureau Bank in hopes
that FB Bank would be able to assist some producers looking for financing
options. Bank personnel will be on hand to answer questions about services and
assistance FB Bank can provide.

The meeting will be in Conference Room A on the west side of the Event Center in
Island Grove Regional Park.

To see more of the Greeley Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.greeleytribune.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Greeley Tribune, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090419-GY-Bank-s-failure-puts-farm-loans-in-jeopardy-0419

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2009 Greeley Tribune


                             488 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                              May 3, 2008 Saturday

FSA offering low-interest farm loans

BYLINE: Business

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 380 words


HADLEY --The Farm Service Agency is offering operating or ownership loans to
farmers at a rate of 3.125 percent for loans if approved in May. That's down
from, 3.875 in February.

Randy Kleiner, farm loan manager, said FSA's loan programs are meant to help
family farmers who are temporarily unable to obtain private or commercial
credit.

FSA also provides credit to beginning farmers who do not have enough net worth
to qualify for commercial credit. In other cases, they are farmers who have
suffered financial setbacks from natural and economic disasters, or who have
limited resources with which to establish and maintain profitable operations.

Some farmers obtain their credit needs through loan guarantees. Under a
guaranteed loan, a local agricultural lender makes and services the loan, and
FSA guarantees it against loss. In most cases this is a 90 percent guarantee of
loss. In some circumstances, a 95 percent guarantee is available.

For those unable to qualify for a loan guarantee from a commercial lender, FSA
also makes loans directly to farmers, which are serviced by an FSA official.

FSA has the responsibility of providing credit counseling and supervision to its
direct loan borrowers with tools like completing a thorough assessment of the
farming operation.

An FSA official then works one-on-one with the farmer to develop a plan of
operation which will help the farmer achieve goals, both short and long term
with the aimof farmer's graduation to commercial credit.

Loans must be fully se-cured and can only be approved for those who have
repayment ability and meet eligibility criteria.

FSA also offers loans for beginning farmers. Beginning farmers must have been in
the business less than 10 years and meet certain other requirements. In addition
FSA offers rural youth loans. These are available as direct loans only and have
a maximum loan amount of $5,000.

Rural youth loans may be made to individuals who are sponsored by a project
advisor, such as a 4-H Club, FFA or local vocational instructor. Individuals
must be at least 10 but not more than 20 years old to be eligible. The FSA also
has funds and programs to help socially disadvantaged and minority farmers as
well.

Information: Randy Kleiner or Beverly Rice at (413) 585-1000 or online at
www.fsa.usda.gov .

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             489 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

                           September 9, 1985, Monday


The Reagan administration gave an icy reception today to statements by a Federal
Farm Credit System official that the chain of agricultural banks needs a federal
government bailout.

Larry Speakes, the President's principal deputy press secretary, objected that
''there are resources within the Farm Credit System'' to meet needs of some
system banks for assistance.

His statement came after Donald E. Wilkinson, governor of the Farm Credit
Administration, said Thursday that the system could be dismembered by continuing
financial crises in the next two years without a federal bailout.

But Mr. Speakes said the administration is not even going to think about bailing
out the farm banks without a formal request for such assistance from the Farm
Credit System. White House officials apparently do not regard Mr.  Wilkinson's
public statements at a news conference as notification that there is a problem
in the system requiring action.

The President for years has striven to reduce domestic spending, including
agricultural programs, because they worsen budget deficits.

Possible forms of federal bailouts that Mr. Wilkinson said have been considered
at the farm administration are creation of a new government-guaranteed security
backed by farm loans, establishment of an organization to acquire nonperforming
loans, a direct infusion of cash, or a buy-down of interest rates on loans to
farmers.

Whatever assistance finally is provided, Mr. Wilkinson indicated it will have to
run into billions of dollars.  -

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 258 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             490 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 June 22, 1992

FCA Starts Secondary Market Oversight

SECTION: FARM & RURAL MORTGAGES; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 334 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Farm Credit Administration has formally established a new Office of
Secondary Market Oversight to regulate the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp.

William Robertson, an FCA employee since 1989 who previously served as deputy
Comptroller of the Currency and as director of the Office of Regulatory Police,
Oversight and Supervision at the Federal Home Loan Bank Board, has been named
acting director.

Farmer Mac will be assessed to cover the costs associated with regulating the
secondary market.

FCA has estimated that it will assess Farmer Mac $ 270,000 for fiscal 1992.

It originally had proposed $ 644,000 for 1993 but the sleep increase rankled
Farmer Mac supporters.

FCA is expected to reduce the proposed assessment to $ 552,000.

Farmer Mac is a government-sponsored enterprise established by the 1987
Agricultural Credit Act to aid in the development of a secondary market for
agricultural real estate and rural housing loans.

It also has been given authority to facilitate a secondary market for the
guaranteed portion of Farmers Home Administration farm ownership and operating
loans that are originated by commercial lenders.

Meanwhile, FCA has announced that Gary Byrne has replaced Billy Ross Brown as
chairman of the Farm Credit System Insurance Corp.

Mr. Brown remains on the unit's board.

FCSIC, which was created to support the Farm Credit System, has $ 415 million in
assets as of March 31.

It relies on FCA, which is the regulator of the System, for much of its
administrative, examination and legal support.

FCA also plans to streamline its operations by eliminating 30 positions and
hiring a new chief operating officer.

The plan comes in response to a management study done by the consulting firm of
Riso and Dempsey.

FCA chairman Harold Steels said the agency's streamlining plan will save an
estimated $ 1.4 million next fiscal year.

The consultants also recommended that FCA study its technology to determine if
it is making good use of its computers.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, GARY BYRNE

                   Copyright 1992 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             491 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 14, 2016 Monday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Information Collection Activity; Comment Request

LENGTH: 770  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utilities Service Information Collection
Activity; Comment Request AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice
and request for comments.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. Chapter 35, as
amended), the Rural Utilities Service (RUS) invites comments on this information
collection for which RUS intends to request approval from the Office of
Management and Budget (OMB). DATES: Comments on this notice must be received by
May 13, 2016. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Thomas P. Dickson, Acting
Director, Program Development and Regulatory Analysis, Rural Utilities Service,
1400 Independence Ave. SW., STOP 1522, Room 5164--South Building, Washington, DC
20250-1522. Telephone: (202) 690-4492. FAX: (202) 720- 8435. Email:

thomas.dickson@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: The Office of Management
and Budget's (OMB) regulation (5 CFR part 1320) implementing provisions of the
Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (Pub. L. 104-13) requires that interested
members of the public and affected agencies have an opportunity to comment on
information collection and recordkeeping activities (see 5 CFR 1320.8(d)). This
notice identifies an information collection that RUS is submitting to OMB for
extension. Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of
information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the
Agency, including whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the
accuracy of the Agency's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of
information including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c)
ways to enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the information to be
collected; and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information
on those who are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated,
electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other
forms of information technology. Comments may be sent to: Thomas P. Dickson,
Acting Director, Program Development and Regulatory Analysis, USDA Rural
Utilities Service, STOP 1522, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Washington, DC
20250-1522. FAX: (202) 720-8435. Email: Thomas.dickson@wdc.usda.gov Title: 7 CFR
1779, Water and Waste Disposal Programs Guaranteed Loans. OMB Number: 0572-0122.
Type of Request: Extension of a currently approved information collection.
Abstract: The Rural Utilities Service is authorized by Section 306 of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926) to make loans to
public agencies, nonprofit corporations, and Indian tribes for the development
of water and waste disposal facilities primarily servicing rural residents. The
guaranteed loan program encourages lender participation and provides specific
guidance in the processing and servicing of guaranteed loans. The regulations
governing the Water and Waste Disposal Guaranteed Loan program are codified at 7
CFR 1779. The required information, in the form of written documentation and
Agency approved forms, is collected from applicants/ borrowers, their lenders,
and consultants. The collected information will be used to determine
applicant/borrower eligibility, project feasibility, and to ensure borrowers
operate on a sound basis and use loan funds for authorized purposes. Failure to
collect proper information could result in improper determinations of
eligibility, improper use of funds, and/or unsound loans. Estimate of Burden:
Public reporting burden for this collection of information is estimated to
average 7.8 hours per response. Respondents: Business or other for profit;
Not-for-profit institutions; State, Local or Tribal government. Estimated Number
of Respondents: 15. Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 7.3. Estimated
Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 858 hours. Copies of this information
collection can be obtained from MaryPat Daskal, Program Development and
Regulatory Analysis, at (202) 720-0992. FAX: (202) 720-8435. Email:
marypat.daskal@wdc.usda.gov All responses to this notice will be summarized and
included in the request for OMB approval. All comments will also become a matter
of public record. Dated: March 4, 2016. Brandon McBride, Administrator, Rural
Utilities Service. [FR Doc. 2016-05585 Filed 3-11-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             492 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Waterloo Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                               May 9, 2010 Sunday

Farmers look to sky for savings

BYLINE: Matthew Wilde, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 829 words


May 9--DUNKERTON -- Careful cost controls are critical to profitability, farmers
say.

How to accomplish that, at times, is up in the air. Actually, about 80 feet up.

More Northeast Iowa farmers are putting up wind turbines to generate their own
electricity. With taxpayer assistance, dozens of private towers now dot the
landscape, and more are on the way.

Dan and Liz Waskow of rural Dunkerton recently put up a 65- kilowatt turbine at
an initial cost of $235,000. As long as Mother Nature cooperates, it should
generate all or most of the power their grain and hog farm needs, the couple
said.

"I just think energy costs will go up," Dan Waskow said. "We need to be more
self-sufficient. The whole farming industry is getting squeezed with margins, so
once this is paid for, it will be a real savings."

The couple is waiting for electricians to finish work and hook the turbine into
the power grid. Once the three 25-foot blades are turning, the Waskows
anticipate all or most of their monthly electric bill -- which ranges between
$500 and $1,500 -- will blow away, as well.

To make the project financially feasible, the Waskows applied for a grant and
guaranteed loan -- a little more than half the turbine's cost -- last fall from
the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Energy for America Program. It provides
money to farmers and small businesses to purchase renewable energy systems and
make energy-efficiency improvements.

The selection process for fiscal year 2010 projects will begin this week,
according to Darin Leach with USDA's Rural Development office in Des Moines.
Iowa recently was allocated $4.62 million in funding out of $99 million
nationwide.

The Waskows also applied for a zero-interest loan from Iowa's
multimillion-dollar Alternative Energy Revolving Loan Program. If everything
goes as planned, Dan Waskow said a five- to 10-year payback isn't out of the
question. Depreciation for tax purposes and potentially getting paid for carbon
credits also are figured in.

Without financial assistance, the payback would exceed 150 years.

"We wouldn't have done it without most likely getting the grant," Dan Waskow
said.

While there are no guarantees, Leach said, the Wakows and other Iowa farmers
shouldn't worry too much. Records indicate Iowa projects usually get funded if
they qualify.

In fiscal year 2008, all 105 grant and loan combinations were approved in Iowa.
Last fiscal year, 370 projects received $35 million or nearly 25 percent of the
funding available nationally. If funds aren't used in other states, money is
pooled and up for grabs. Iowa's original share typically amounts to about 2
percent to 4 percent, Leach said.

"We're hopeful we can maintain a similar rate of success. It's been
astronomical," he added.

That's good news to Waskow and Readlyn dairy farmer Ron Strottman, who both got
a head start on this year's application process. The deadline is June 30.

Strottman forked out about $420,000 last fall and winter for two turbines to
power his farm. Work done after Oct. 1, 2009, qualifies for this year, Leach
said.

Strottman's turbines -- a 65 kW and 33 kW -- are operating, though some
electronic issues still need to be fixed on the larger one to work at capacity.

He said government help is vital.

"That's the only way to make them pay," Strottman said. "Supposedly the wind
isn't costing us nothing. Once we get the bugs out, I think it will be OK."

In fiscal year 2009, 16 area farmers qualified for the Rural Energy program to
put up turbines. Grants and guaranteed loans ranged from about $20,000 to more
than $400,000.

Since the program started in 2003, it has helped fund 90 small and large wind
projects statewide.

The program is so popular in Iowa, farmers usually don't wait for the USDA to
announce it's seeking applications for the program, which it did Tuesday. Leach
said there already are enough applications on hand -- like Strottman and
Waskow's -- to use up the state's funding. However, he said applications are
still welcome since the state usually gets pool money. Application announcements
will be made later this summer.

"It's taken five or six years ... then (the program) just snowballed," Leach
said.

As the Rural Energy program grows in popularity in other states, Leach expects
Iowa's funding will eventually diminish. However, Sen. Chuck Grassley said its
longevity is likely as it enjoys support in the Senate.

"It appears to be a very popular program with Iowans, which will help show
continued need for the program as Congress looks to reauthorize the farm bill,"
Grassley said.

To see more of the Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.wcfcourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Waterloo-Cedar
Falls Courier, Iowa Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100509-OO-Farmers-look-to-sky-for-savings-0509

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OO


                        Copyright 2010 Waterloo Courier


                             493 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    August 31, 1993, Tuesday, Final Edition

Move to Eliminate Subsidy Causes Buzz of Confusion;
Costlier Price Guarantees for Honey Inadvertently Endorsed by House

Sharon LaFraniere, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A17; THE FEDERAL PAGE

LENGTH: 1201 words


"It has been said that if one dies and goes to heaven and wants to come to Earth
and have eternal life, come back as a federal program," Rep. Harris W. Fawell
(R-Ill.) told his colleagues in the House on Aug. 6. They "just go on and on."

That very afternoon brought fresh proof. Fawell proposed an amendment he and
everyone else thought would eliminate the U.S. Agriculture Department's $ 16
million-a-year subsidy to honey producers. It was wasteful, Fawell argued.
Unnecessary. A symbol of Congress's inability to reduce spending.

"If we cannot take some toddling steps like this, how on Earth does Congress
ever expect to meet the staggering responsibilities which are before us?" Fawell
demanded.

The House agreed, 344 to 60.

Did the program survive anyway?

Do bees make honey?

Taking on a farm subsidy program is like boxing with shadows, a bedeviling task
for even the most practiced legislator. Although Fawell, his supporters and his
opponents thought his amendment would kill the program, it only lopped off
certain provisions -- the precise provisions, as it turned out, that Congress
adopted in 1985 to reform the program. What's left is the honeybee subsidy in
its most expensive, perverted form, according to USDA experts.

Thus ends another lesson in the intricacies of federal farm subsidies, so
convoluted that neither their creators nor their critics understand exactly how
they work. Add in congressional procedures that limit opportunities for votes on
the subsidies, and change becomes a very sticky business.

The honey program has been on the ropes for about seven years, but so far, no
legislator has been able to knock it out of the budget. It has lasted so long,
in fact, that few in Congress remember that it was never designed to be
permanent.

The government started guaranteeing a minimum price for honey in 1949 to help
beekeepers survive a drop in prices when sugar rationing ended and demand for
beeswax rose after World War II. The subsidy was a temporary measure to ensure
enough beehives were around to pollinate crops. Pollination increased certain
crop yields. Once farmers understood that and beehives proliferated, legislators
concluded, the government could get out of the honey business.

The program didn't cost much until 1981, when the market price fell below the
government's guaranteed price. A swarm of several thousand commercial beekeepers
descended on the program.

It worked like this: The producers could borrow money at no interest from USDA
-- about as much as the guaranteed price multiplied by whatever number of pounds
of honey they put up as collateral. Because the loan was more than they could
get for their honey on the market, many beekeepers simply forfeited their honey
and kept the money. The program left the government with no recourse against
anyone who defaulted on the loans.

In 1984, USDA ended up with almost 120 million pounds of honey, or nearly
three-fourths of the entire domestic crop. After it paid the producers, it had
to pay to store, process and transport the honey, most of which went to the
poor. Meanwhile, jars of foreign-produced honey filled the shelves of U.S.
supermarkets.

Sen. Robert J. Dole (R-Kan.) said in 1985 that the program was so absurd "even
the bees are laughing." National Journal magazine wrote that in 1984, "2,000 to
3,000 commercial beekeepers got large subsidies, the government got the U.S.
honey crop, foreign beekeepers got the U.S. honey market and the taxpayers got
the bill: $ 90 million." The General Accounting Office, Congress's investigative
arm, said the program was unnecessary and should be eliminated.

Congress responded in 1985 by changing the rules to encourage beekeepers to
market their honey, yet still guaranteed them the full support price. The new
rules allowed producers who sold their honey on the market to collect the
difference between the market price and the guaranteed price from the
government.

In other words, they could get most of their income from the market but still
receive a check from USDA. The government's costs went down because it had to
pay only a fraction of the guaranteed price instead of the full amount.

Those reforms helped cut imports, put U.S. honey back on the shelves and reduced
the program's cost to $ 16 million last year. But it did not address critics'
basic point: Why keep a program that, according to the GAO, "serves little
public purpose but to raise the income of relatively few producers"?

President Clinton, who postponed cuts in other agricultural subsidies, asked
Congress to drop the honey program. The reconciliation act kept the program but
scheduled a gradual reduction in the guaranteed price. It also tightened the cap
on annual payments, to $ 50,000 from $ 125,000. In July, the Senate amended the
Agriculture Department's annual appropriations bill to make the $ 50,000 cap
effective next year.

Then came Fawell's amendment to eliminate payments altogether. That sounded like
it should end the honey program, but not when one reads how the law defines
payments, according to Jane Phillips, a USDA honey program analyst.

If beekeepers market their honey and then collect the difference between the
guaranteed price and the market price from the government, that's a payment,
according to Phillips. But should they forfeit all their honey and collect the
full guaranteed price -- a much bigger expense for the government -- that's not
a payment. That's a forfeiture.

Under Fawell's amendment, producers no longer could opt for the smaller subsidy
-- now 6.8 cents a pound, the difference between the market price of 47 cents
and the government price of 53.8 cents. But they could hit the government for
the full 53.8 cents a pound, Phillips said. In other words, the amendment would
wipe out the 1985 reforms and revive the old honey program.

No one figured that out because the forfeiture provisions are in "a whole other
section" of the agriculture act and "not easily found," said a congressional
staff member who studies agriculture subsides.

To make matters worse, a little-noticed provision in the current law provides
that in any year when the government offers no payments to honey producers,
there is no limit on how much they can collect by forfeiting their honey,
Phillips said. That means the department no longer would have the protection of
a $ 125,000 limit on forfeitures.

It is unclear whether the House's byzantine procedural rules would have allowed
Fawell to go after the forfeiture provisions because the Senate had not touched
them, said the congressman's chief of staff, Alan Mertz.

At this point, Mertz said, Fawell is simply hoping the Senate will "fix the rest
of this" when it takes up the House version, presumably in the fall. The Senate
could either insist on its $ 50,000 limit or adopt a new amendment. Then the
House would have a chance to vote again.

Some congressional staff members said an amendment to kill the honey subsidy
would have to be worded to ban salaries or any other administrative expenses
under the program so that the Agriculture Department could not operate it.

"See how hard it is to kill a federal program?" Mertz said. "It's not easy."

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                             494 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                  May 31, 1999

Banks Face Farm Funding Hurdles

LENGTH: 237 words

Washington-Banks that specialize in agricultural finance are looking for
additional funding sources for farm and rural development lending, according to
an economist with the American Bankers Association.

"Because of low deposit growth, farm banks are increasingly turning to
governmental sources for funds to support development in their rural
communities," said Keith Leggett, senior economist with the ABA.

For banks seeking to augment deposits as a source of funds, the primary sources
were purchasing federal funds, advances from Federal Home Loan Banks and
government loan guarantee programs, according to an ABA survey of agricultural
banks, defined as any commercial bank with more than $ 2.5 million in farm
production and real estate loans or more than 50% of their loan portfolio in
farm lending.

Somewhere between 10% and 20% of these banks saw a decline in their deposit base
during the 12-month period ending last June, according to the ABA.

Banks attributed the deposit decline to competition from mutual funds and other
banks.

Some rural banks also cited local population declines as a factor stunting
deposit growth.

Nationally, the banking industry's portfolio of agricultural loans totaled $
69.9 billion at the end of 1998, according to the ABA.

Currently, about 48,000 farmers and ranchers have loans that are guaranteed by
the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1999 Faulkner & Gray


                             495 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Hoeven: Congress Passes Legislation to Fund Government, Ensure FSA
Loan Funding for Producers, Clarify Hours-of-Service Rule for Truckers

LENGTH: 313  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



 Senator John Hoeven today announced that legislation approved by Congress today
to fund the government includes provisions to help farmers and ranchers access
Farm Service Agency (FSA) loans and to clarify the hours-of-service regulation
for truck drivers. The provisions were approved as part of legislation to
continue funding the government at the current budget cap levels through April
28.





 Funding for Farm Service Agency (FSA) Loan Programs



 Due to low commodity prices and cash flow issues, farmers across the nation
have been increasingly relying on the FSA direct and guaranteed loan programs
for temporary assistance. These programs are being utilized considerably more
than in past years, and program funds have been mostly depleted. The legislation
provides FSA with sufficient loan authority to meet the increased demand and
ensure that farmers and ranchers continue to have access to capital.



 "These FSA loan programs exist to help our farmers and ranchers weather low
prices," said Hoeven. "This provision will help ensure that our producers have
access to the capital they need to continue their operations. With today's low
commodity prices, this is an important tool to help our farmers and ranchers
through these tough times."



 Hours-of-Service Regulation for Truck Drivers



 The legislation requires that the Department of Transportation (DOT) follow the
existing 34-hour restart rule for truck drivers. The administration issued new
proposed rest requirements, which Congress subsequently required DOT to prove
effective. The language clarifies that the existing 34-hour restart rule
applies, should the DOT study fail to meet criteria set by Congress.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             496 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Hoeven: Congress Passes Legislation to Fund Government, Ensure FSA
Loan Funding for Producers, Clarify Hours-of-Service Rule for Truckers

LENGTH: 313  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



 Senator John Hoeven today announced that legislation approved by Congress today
to fund the government includes provisions to help farmers and ranchers access
Farm Service Agency (FSA) loans and to clarify the hours-of-service regulation
for truck drivers. The provisions were approved as part of legislation to
continue funding the government at the current budget cap levels through April
28.





 Funding for Farm Service Agency (FSA) Loan Programs



 Due to low commodity prices and cash flow issues, farmers across the nation
have been increasingly relying on the FSA direct and guaranteed loan programs
for temporary assistance. These programs are being utilized considerably more
than in past years, and program funds have been mostly depleted. The legislation
provides FSA with sufficient loan authority to meet the increased demand and
ensure that farmers and ranchers continue to have access to capital.



 "These FSA loan programs exist to help our farmers and ranchers weather low
prices," said Hoeven. "This provision will help ensure that our producers have
access to the capital they need to continue their operations. With today's low
commodity prices, this is an important tool to help our farmers and ranchers
through these tough times."



 Hours-of-Service Regulation for Truck Drivers



 The legislation requires that the Department of Transportation (DOT) follow the
existing 34-hour restart rule for truck drivers. The administration issued new
proposed rest requirements, which Congress subsequently required DOT to prove
effective. The language clarifies that the existing 34-hour restart rule
applies, should the DOT study fail to meet criteria set by Congress.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             497 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            February 8, 1993 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

BLACK FARMERS GET LESS FEDERAL AID, ANALYSIS FINDS

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 412 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Struggling black farmers receive an average of $21,000 less than white

borrowers from a Farmers Home Administration loan program that is intended to
help save family farms, an Associated Press analysis of agency records found.
The federal agency is a last resort for many farmers who cannot get loans
elsewhere to buy land, livestock, seeds and tractors they need to expand or

survive. Rejection can push a farm to the brink of failure.

The analysis of lending records from 1980 to 1992 also found that while

the number of loans to white farmers dropped by 66 percent over that period,

the number of loans to black farm borrowers tumbled by 82 percent.

Luther Marable Jr., a black farmer near the southwest Georgia town of

Boston, said the agency's refusal to lend him money left him unable to feed

his livestock. More than 80 head of cattle and 3,000 hogs starved to death.

"It's the worst thing I ever got into," Marable said. He is convinced

that the roadblocks he ran into were racially motivated.

The analysis found that black farmers, on average, received 51 cents for

every dollar loaned to white farm borrowers during the 12 years that

Presidents Reagan and Bush set the agency's course.

The agency denies that it discriminates. "The administrator is firmly

against it,"said spokeswoman Marlyn Aycock.

Farmers who cannot get loans elsewhere can apply for government-financed

or government-guaranteed loans. A county committee of agency officials

determines who is eligible.

There are about 6,500 county committee members across the nation. Nine out of 10
are white.

Black farmers in Mississippi and Alabama last year filed a petition

alleging the agency has refused to respond "to reports of blatant race

discrimination."

A congressional committee and family farm advocates have accused the

agency of being a catalyst in the disappearance of the nation's black-owned

farms-- from one farm in seven in 1920 to less than one in 100 today.

The agency argues that black farmers get less money because they have

smaller operations.

Most black farms are very small and nearly half had sales of less than

$2,500 in 1987, often just a steer, a calf or a couple of pigs.

Family farm advocates say the findings raise troubling questions about the
availability and amount of credit for black growers.

"They're not getting enough to expand or make the best of their

operation," said Jerry Pennick of the Federation of Southern Cooperatives-

Land Assistance Fund, an Atlanta-based group that helps black farmers.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Ran all editions

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 1993 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             498 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                  May 4, 1998

Rural Housing Service Aims to Help the Poorest

BYLINE: BY JAN E. SHADBURN, Administrator, Rural Housing Service; Mr. Shadburn
recently testified before a subcommittee of the Senate Appropriations Committee,
where he spoke of the Administration's FY 1999 budget and the goals of the Rural
Housing Service.

SECTION: OPEN FORUM; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 704 words


The Rural Housing Service continues to provide opportunities to rural families
which help them improve their standard of living, move out of poverty and build
for the future.

We accomplish this by providing rural people and communities access to credit --
which is often limited in rural areas.  We also subsidize loans and rents and
provide technical assistance and support to complete their community development
efforts.

Our guaranteed loan and grant programs provide funding for essential facilities
such as health care centers, fire stations, municipal buildings and day care
centers.  These facilities allow rural communities to improve the quality of
life for their citizens and remain competitive in attracting jobs and
businesses.

In the rural United States, 5.6 million households live below the poverty line.
Almost one-quarter of rural households pay more than 30% of their income for
housing with more than four of every 10 rural poverty level households paying
more than 50% of their income for housing.

Minorities in rural America are disproportionately likely to be low-income or in
poverty and have housing problems.  One-third of African-American households,
and almost one third of Hispanic households, pay more than 30% of their income
for housing.  Rural African-American households are far more likely to live in
seriously inadequate housing than are rural white households or urban
African-American households.

Native Americans continue to be the most poorly housed population in America.

Some communities have been rebuilt from disaster or economic downturn, others
have reversed the outward migration of their people and jobs and have built a
sustainable economy and tax base.

To ensure our programs meet the needs of rural America, RHS has developed five
strategies to further the implementation of the Rural Development Strategic
Plan: support self sufficiency; expand access to our programs to all eligible
rural Americans; continue reinvention; expand partnerships and leveraging
opportunities; and protect the government's interest.

The President's FY 99 Budget requests a program level of $ 1 billion for the
Section 502 Direct program and $ 3 billion for the Section 502 Guarantee
program.  This $ 4 billion dollar program level will provide approximately
65,000 homes for individuals and families in FY 99 and ensure that the
homeownership opportunities that are accessible in suburban and urban America
are equally available to rural America.

RHS has also proposed legislation to permit the use of Federal guarantees to
help graduate current direct loan borrowers to private credit.  Many of our
borrowers do not have sufficient equity to graduate and qualify for conventional
credit.  Further, they are statutorily prohibited from graduating to our
guaranteed program.  The President's FY 99 budget requests an authorization of a
$ 100 million for graduating direct loan borrowers into the guaranteed program.

The Mutual Self-Help Grant program enables low and very-low income rural
families to become homeowners through the efforts of their "sweat equity"
contribution while simultaneously building and stabilizing their communities.
The majority of the mortgages are provided by the Agency's Direct 502 loan which
allows the interest rate to be subsidized down to as low as 1% based on income.

These Self-Help borrowers have exceptional track records -- both lower
delinquency rates and better graduation.  Over half have paid off their loans in
full or graduated to private credit.  Approximately 27,000 self-help loans have
been made since the program's inception in 1971, providing housing for
approximately 1,000 families per year.  In FY 95, RHS received over a 100%
increase in the grant program.  In FY 98, the program expanded to 46 states with
an estimated 121 grantees serving approximately 1,600 new homeowners.  The FY 99
request of $ 26 million would enable RHS to serve over 100 grantees.

The Administration is requesting a significant increase for Farm Labor Housing
over the available level in FY 98.  For FY 99, the $ 20 million increase in
budget authority would provide for $ 32 million for farm labor housing loans and
$ 13 million for grants.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, no caption

                         Copyright 1998 Faulkner & Gray


                             499 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock & Land

                                January 15, 2012

BYLINE: JEMIMA STAGG

SECTION: AGRIBUSINESS

LENGTH: 603  words


BUYING the family farm has become almost impossible for young farmers and fewer
people are taking over when their parents hit retirement age.

However, there are some young farmers, like Michael Nichols, who are still keen
to pursue the farming lifestyle.

The 28-year-old farmer is managing his parents' 600-hectare farm at Sisters
Creek, Redbanks Farm, Tasmania.

'Working in a company structure is a lot easier than taking ownership of the
land,' he said.

'It is big dollars to buy the land and most young people can't go and ask the
bank for a loan of several million dollars.'

Mr Nichols said there had been no expectation from his parents for him to take
over the family farm, but it was something he'd always wanted to do ' the
farming lifestyle had been instilled in his blood from all his years working and
living on the land.

He said there were many farmers in the region who were reaching retirement age
and would have to sell the family farm because their children did not want to
take over.

'The mines have pulled a lot of people away,' he said.

'It's high money for less work whereas farming is a lot of work and late nights
and you are not guaranteed a profit at the end of the year,' he said.

However, Mr Nichols also has friends in their early 30s who are running their
parents' farm or are starting to buy.

He hopes agriculture will be sustainable into the future but says there has to
be a guaranteed profit at the end of the day.

'It will be interesting to see how the water scheme in the Midlands will kick
off,' he said.

'Maybe if they've got that security it will boost farmers' confidence.

'There are also people who have grown up on a farm and done ag science at uni.

'They aren't interested in taking over the farm, but we do need people who are
farm-minded to work as agronomists.'

Mr Nichols believes the government can do a lot to assist farmers, such as
stopping cheap vegetable imports and offering subsidies like they do in Europe.

He doesn't think he will be able to buy the land but his feet are firmly planted
in the rich, red dirt on the property and he hopes to continue in his current
role.

The farming lifestyle has its pros and cons.

The hours are long, the work is hard and the rewards are not guaranteed but Mr
Nichols loves the challenge.

He has a wife, Lauren, and three-year old son, Jack, and said he could choose
when he started work so he could spend time with his family.

'I can have part of the day off, but I have to make it up that night,' he said.

'It can be flexible, which is good while my son is young.'

He said the nature of farming had changed and farmers now needed to be
multi-skilled as they would be moving irrigators one day and in the office the
next working out a budget or talking to the accountant.

'People used to think you could always fall back on the family farm. But now you
need a whole range of skills to be a farmer,' he said.

Mr Nichols said his father had stepped back and allowed him to make changes on
the farm.

'When I finished school I worked on a farm in the UK for two years, which is the
best way to learn. You can't be stuck in a rut and do things the same way year
after year,' he said.

'It's not hard to make things better, you've just got to be willing to change.'

One of the farm's strengths is its diversity which means it is not dependent on
just cropping.

'You've got to be diverse,' Mr Nichols said.

'If you are just a crop farmer and there is a bad year, it will be a really bad
year.'

Cropping is the main focus of the farm, but it also has chickens, beef cattle,
plantation trees, Hill Farm preserves and Mr Nichols has a combine harvester for
contract work.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             500 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             April 19, 1996 Friday

LENGTH: 177 words


Among new policies would be: þ Direct farm ownership loans may not be used to
refinance existing debt. þ Delinquent borrowers may not receive loans for
essential family living or operating expenses. þ Borrowers who have received
debt forgiveness in the past are not eligible for direct or guaranteed loans. þ
The Farm Service Agency will require an interest payment on all loans as a
condition of rescheduling or reamortizing loans. þ The option to buy out a loan
at net recovery value is eliminated and replaced with a buy-out option at
current market value. þ The lease buy-back program is eliminated. þ The agency
will notify a borrower of delinquent status when the delinquency has reached 90
days, instead of 180 days as provided under the previous law. þ The are new
limits on the number of years the agency can make a direct operating loan to a
farmer and guarantee a loan to a farmer. þ A borrower may be required to
purchase hazard insurance as a condition for receiving loans. þ The agency may
use collection agencies to collect loans when appropriate.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1996 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved
