
                                1 of 5 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 14, 2016 Thursday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Community Facilities Technical Assistance and Training Grants

LENGTH: 11367  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   Rules and Regulations Federal Register
________________________________________________________________________ This
section of the FEDERAL REGISTER contains regulatory documents having general
applicability and legal effect, most of which are keyed to and codified in the
Code of Federal Regulations, which is published under 50 titles pursuant to 44
U.S.C. 1510. The Code of Federal Regulations is sold by the Superintendent of
Documents. Prices of new books are listed in the first FEDERAL REGISTER issue of
each week.
======================================================================== Federal
Register / Vol.

81, No. 9 / Thursday, January 14, 2016 / Rules and Regulations [[Page 1861]]
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Housing Service 7 CFR Part 3570 RIN 0575-AD02
Community Facilities Technical Assistance and Training Grants AGENCY: Rural
Housing Service, USDA. ACTION: Final rule with comments.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
Title VI, Section 6006 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L. 113-79)(2014
Farm Bill) authorized the Essential Community Facilities Technical Assistance
and Training Program. The Act authorizes the Secretary of Agriculture to make
grants to public bodies and private nonprofit corporations, (such as States,
counties, cities, townships, and incorporated towns and villages, boroughs,
authorities, districts, and Indian tribes on Federal and State reservations)
that will serve Rural Areas for the purpose of providing technical assistance
and training, with respect to essential community facilities programs. This rule
implements Section 6006 of the 2014 Farm Bill, by establishing the policies and
procedures for the Technical Assistance and Training (TAT) grants program. The
intended effect of this action is to assist rural communities in meeting the
community facility needs. DATES: Effective date: This final rule is effective
March 14, 2016. Comments due date: Written comments on this rule must be
received on or before March 14, 2016. The comment period for information
collections under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 continues through March
14, 2016. ADDRESSES: You may submit comments to this rule by any of the
following methods:  Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov.

 Follow the instructions on Regulations.gov for submitting comments.

      Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service

 to the Branch Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S.

 Department of Agriculture, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,

 Washington, DC 20250-0742.

      Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal

 Express Mail or another mail courier service requiring a street address

 to the Branch Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S.

 Department of Agriculture, 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Suite 701,

 Washington, DC 20024.

     All written comments will be available for public inspection during

 regular work hours at the 300 7th Street, SW., address listed above.



 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Nathan Chitwood, Regional Coordinator,

 Rural Housing Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 601 Business

 Loop 70 West, Suite 235, Columbia, MO 65203 telephone: (573) 876-0965.

 Email contact: Nathan.chitwood@wdc.usda.gov



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:



 Executive Summary



 I. Purpose of the Regulatory Action



     Section 306(a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act

 (CONACT) (7 U.S.C 1926(a)) was amended by Section 6006 of the

 Agriculture Act of 2014 (Pub. L. 113-79)to establish the Community

 Facilities Technical Assistance and Training Grants program. This

 action is needed to implement Section 6006 of the 2014 Farm Bill, which

 authorizes grants to be made to Public Bodies, Nonprofit Corporations,

 and Federally-recognized tribes and Indian Tribes on Federal and State

 Reservations that will serve Rural Areas for the purpose of enabling

 the Grantees to provide Technical Assistance and training with respect

 to Essential Community Facilities authorized under Section 306(a)(1) of

 the CONACT (7 U.S.C. 1926(a)).



 II. Cost and Benefits



     Because this grant is new to the Agency, there is no history to use

 to determine a cost to apply. Therefore, the Agency examined similar

 programs administered by other agencies within the Department. The

 Agency used the Rural Utilities Service (RUS) Water and Environmental

 Programs (WEP) Technical Assistance and Training (TAT) grant as a

 comparison. The number of applications and the number of awarded grants

 used in the calculation are the same as the number of WEP TAT

 applications and grants awarded last year. The Agency based our

 calculations upon receiving 70 total applications with 35 of them

 selected for funding. The costs include the estimated time for 70

 applicants to complete and submit an application and for the 35

 successful applicants to carry out the activities of an awarded grant.

 The Agency used similar cost projects as used by WEP for their TAT

 grant. The total expense for all the applicants and successful

 applicants was estimate to be approximately $188,000.

     This program will benefit Rural Area residents by providing

 training, managerial assistance, and assistance to entities making

 application to the Community Facilities Program. The Agency understands

 there is a great need for this type of assistance in Rural Areas.



 Executive Order 12866--Classification



     This final rule has been reviewed under Executive Order (EO) 12866

 and has been determined not significant by the Office of Management and

 Budget (OMB).



 Programs Affected



     The affected programs are listed in the Catalog of Federal Domestic

 Assistance Program under 10.766, Community Facilities Loans and Grants.



 Executive Order 12372--Intergovernmental Review



     This program is subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372,

 which requires intergovernmental consultation with State and local

 officials. The Agency conducts intergovernmental consultations for each

 loan in the manner delineated in 2 CFR part 415, subpart C. Note that

 not all States have chosen to participate in the intergovernmental

 review process. A list of participating States is available at the

 following Web site: https://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/grants_spoc.



 [[Page 1862]]



 Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal

 Governments



     This rule has been reviewed in accordance with the requirements of

 Executive Order 13175, ``Consultation and Coordination with Indian

 Tribal Governments.'' Executive Order (EO) 13175 requires Federal

 agencies to consult and coordinate with tribes on a government-to-

 government basis on policies that have tribal implications, including

 regulations, legislative comments or proposed legislation, and other

 policy statements or actions that have substantial direct effects on

 one or more Indian tribes, on the relationship between the Federal

 Government and Indian tribes or on the distribution of power and

 responsibilities between the Federal Government and Indian tribes.

     The Agency has assessed the impact of this rule on Indian tribes

 and determined that this rule does not, to our knowledge, have tribal

 implications that require tribal consultation under EO 13175. However,

 since technical assistance and training associated with the development

 of essential community facilities is a resource needed by many Tribes,

 the Agency commits to provide at least one Tribal Consultation, focused

 on unique challenges (and potential solutions) coinciding with the

 implementation of this rule. If a Tribe requests consultation, the

 Agency will work with the Office of Tribal Relations to ensure

 meaningful consultation is provided where changes, additions and

 modifications identified herein are not expressly mandated by Congress.

 If a tribe would like to engage in consultation with the Agency on this

 rule, please contact the Agency's Native American Coordinator at (720)

 544-2911 or AIAN@wdc.usda.gov



 Executive Order 12988--Civil Justice Reform



     This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil

 Justice Reform. In accordance with this rule: (1) All State and local

 laws and regulations that are in conflict with this rule will be

 preempted; (2) no retroactive effect will be given to this rule; and

 (3) administrative proceedings of the National Appeals Division (7 CFR

 part 11) must be exhausted before bringing suit in court challenging

 action taken under this rule unless those regulations specifically

 allow bringing suit at an earlier time.



 Environmental Impact Statement



     The document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940,

 subpart G, ``Environmental Program.'' The Agency has determined that

 this action does not constitute a major Federal action significantly

 affecting the quality of the human environment and, in accordance with

 the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969, 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.,

 an Environmental Impact Statement is not required.



 Unfunded Mandates Reform Act



     Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (UMRA), Public

 Law 104-4, establishes requirements for Federal agencies to assess the

 effects of their regulatory actions on State, local, and tribal

 governments and the private sector. Under section 202 of the UMRA, the

 Agency generally must prepare a written Statement, including a cost-

 benefit analysis, for proposed and final rules with ``Federal

 mandates'' that may result in expenditures to State, local, or tribal

 governments, in the aggregate, or to the private sector, of $100

 million or more in any 1 year. When such a Statement is needed for a

 rule, section 205 of the UMRA generally requires the Agency to identify

 and consider a reasonable number of regulatory alternatives and adopt

 the least costly, most cost-effective, or least burdensome alternative

 that achieves the objectives of the rule. This final rule contains no

 Federal mandates (under the regulatory provisions of title II of the

 UMRA) for State, local, and tribal governments or the private sector.

 Therefore, this rule is not subject to the requirements of sections 202

 and 205 of the UMRA.



 Regulatory Flexibility Act



     The Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601-612) (RFA) generally

 requires an agency to prepare a regulatory flexibility analysis of any

 rule subject to notice and comment rulemaking requirements under the

 Administrative Procedure Act or any other statute unless the Agency

 certifies that the rule will not have an economically significant

 impact on a substantial number of small entities. Small entities

 include small businesses, small organizations, and small governmental

 jurisdictions. This rule has been reviewed with regard to the

 requirements of the Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601-612). The

 undersigned has determined and certified by signature of this document

 that this rule will not have a significant economic impact on a

 substantial number of small entities because this rulemaking action

 does not involve a new or expanded program.



 Executive Order--13132--Federalism



     It has been determined, under EO 13132, Federalism, that this final

 rule does not have sufficient federalism implications to warrant the

 preparation of a Federalism Assessment. The policies contained in this

 rule do not have any substantial direct effect on States, on the

 relationship between the national government and the States, or on the

 distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of

 government. Nor does this rule impose substantial direct compliance

 costs on State and local governments. Therefore, consultation with the

 States is not required.



 E-Government Act Compliance



     The Agency is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to

 promote the use of the Internet and other information technologies to

 provide increased opportunities for citizen access to Government

 information and services, and for other purposes.



 Paperwork Reduction Act



     In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the Agency

 is now seeking the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) approval of

 the reporting and recordkeeping requirements contained in this rule.

 This information collection requirement will not become effective until

 approved by OMB.

     Title: Community Facilities Technical Assistance and Training

 Grants.

     OMB Number: 0575-NEW.

     Type of Request: New collection.

     Abstract: This is a new information collection. This information is

 vital to the Agency to make wise decisions regarding the eligibility of

 Projects and Applicants in order to reduce the risk associated with

 making grants, to ensure compliance with the rule, and to ensure that

 funds obtained from the Government are used appropriately. This

 collection of information is necessary in order to implement the

 Community Facilities Technical Assistance and Training Grants

 regulation.

     The following estimates are based on the average over the first

 three years the program is in place.

     Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of

 information is estimated to average 47 hours per response.

     Respondents: Rural developers, public bodies, local governments,

 non-profits and federally recognized tribes.

     Estimated Number of Respondents: 70.



 [[Page 1863]]



     Estimated Number of Responses: 70.

     Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 3,290.

     Comments: Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed

 collection of information is necessary for the proper performance of

 functions of Agency, including whether the information will have

 practical utility; (b) the accuracy of the Agency estimate of the

 burden of the proposed collection of information, including the

 validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to enhance

 the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be collected;

 and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on

 those who are to respond, including through the use of appropriate

 automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection

 techniques or other forms of information technology. Comments may be

 sent to Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch,

 U.S. Department of Agriculture, Rural Development, STOP 0742, 1400

 Independence Ave. SW., Washington, DC 20250. All responses to this

 notice will be summarized and included in the request for OMB approval.

 All comments will also become a matter of public record.



 Non-Discrimination Policy



     The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination

 against its customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the

 bases of race, color, national origin, age, disability, sex, gender

 identity, religion, reprisal, and where applicable, political beliefs,

 marital status, familial or parental status, sexual orientation, or all

 or part of an individual's income is derived from any public assistance

 program, or protected genetic information in employment or in any

 program or activity conducted or funded by the Department. (Not all

 prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment

 activities.)

     If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of

 discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form

 (PDF), found online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or
at any USDA office, or call (866) 632-

 9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing all of

 the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint

 form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture,

 Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,

 Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at

 program.intake@usda.gov

     Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech

 disabilities and you wish to file either an EEO or program complaint

 please contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339

 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

     Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint,

 please see information above on how to contact us by mail directly or

 by email. If you require alternative means of communication for program

 information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please

 contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).



 Discussion of the Final Rule



     The following paragraphs discuss each section of the Final rule and

 provide additional information on the Agency's intent in implementing

 each section.



 A. Purpose (Sec.  3570.251)



     This section describes the purpose, scope and applicability of the

 program. The Agency will make grants to Nonprofit Corporations and

 Public Bodies, including Federally recognized Tribes and Indian Tribes

 on Federal and State reservations, to provide to associations Technical

 Assistance and/or training with respect to essential community

 facilities programs. In many cases there is a need to hire outside

 consultants to prepare reports, such as Architectural or financial

 feasibility, and surveys necessary to request financial assistance to

 develop the identified community facilities. The Grantee can then

 assist in preparing applications for financial assistance. If an

 existing community facility borrower or grantee needs to improve the

 management, including financial management, related to their existing

 community facility operations, the Grantee may assist in providing such

 service. The Agency may also request assistance with other areas of

 need that have been identified. Any area of need identified will be

 announced in the Notice.

     The Agency recognizes and understands that many smaller, low income

 rural communities have very limited resources and staff to identify

 needs, develop application for financing, and operate essential

 community facilities. In many cases, those communities are governed by

 volunteers who lack the time or the expertise to develop an essential

 community facility. These grants will allow the Agency to provide funds

 to those communities so they may obtain the types of services they need

 in order to develop their community facility.

     It is the intent of this program to assist entities in rural area

 in accessing funding under the Rural Housing Services Community

 Facilities Programs.



 B. Definitions and Abbreviations (Sec.  3570.252)



     This section presents program specific definitions to clarify terms

 used in the rule. Program definitions are found at 7 CFR 3570.63, and

 apply to this regulation. Many of the definitions in this section are

 self-explanatory. The following definitions have specific meaning to

 this regulation:

     1. Actual Capacity: The Rural Community Development Initiative

 (RCDI) Grant uses this term. This term is significant because it

 describes the level of expertise required by the Technical Assistance

 Provider. The eligible purposes of the RCDI program are different than

 this program. The Agency used the basic language of the definition of

 capacity in the RCDI Grant and modified it to meet the eligible

 purposes of this grant.

     2. Applicant: To be eligible to apply for TAT grant funds, the

 applicant must be a public body or a private nonprofit corporation,

 (such as State, county, city, township, and incorporated town and

 village, borough, authority, district, and Indian tribes on Federal and

 State reservation). A Nonprofit corporation that applies for this

 program as a Technical Assistance Provider must be designated tax-

 exempt by the Internal Revenue Service. This was added by the Agency to

 ensure that Nonprofit corporations that apply are not structured to

 only benefit the members of the corporation. This same requirement

 exists in other USDA grant programs such as the Rural Utilities Service

 Technical Assistance and Training Grant Program. Nonprofit Corporations

 applying as Ultimate Recipients must demonstrate Community Ties to the

 Rural Area. Public bodies and Indian Tribes applying as Ultimate

 Recipients do not need to further demonstrate Community Ties under this

 regulation.

     3. Audit: Audit is a general term that is used throughout the

 Agency. The requirements for when an audit is required can be found at

 2 CFR parts 200 and 400.

     4. Community Ties: this definition is needed to demonstrate the

 requisite significant ties to the local Rural Area. This definition was

 taken from existing Agency guidance for the CF program.

     5. CONACT: This is the general abbreviation of the Consolidated

 Farm and Rural Development Act and is widely used throughout the

 Agency.



 [[Page 1864]]



     6. Conflict of Interest: This is a standard definition that is used

 by CF in their other programs.

     7. DUNS: This is the general abbreviation for the Data Universal

 Numbering System (DUNS) which is obtained through Dun and Bradstreet.

 It is a general term used throughout the Agency.

     8. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP): the standard

 framework of guidelines for financial accounting used in any given

 jurisdiction; generally known as accounting standards or standard

 accounting practice. These include the standards, conventions, and

 rules that accountants follow in recording and summarizing and in the

 preparation of financial statements.

     9. Indian Tribe: This is the same definition that is used in the

 Community Facilities Loan and Grant Program. The language in the

 statute specifically mentioned Indian Tribes located on Federal or

 State recognized Indian reservations; however, the list of examples was

 inexhaustive. The Agency determined that this language was not intended

 to prohibit Indian Tribes not located on a Federal or State recognized

 reservation from being eligible. The Agency has added all Federal and

 State recognized Indian Tribes as eligible to apply for this grant. The

 language is the same as the applicant eligibility requirements of the

 Community Facility Programs.

     10. Jurisdiction: This definition was added so that the Agency

 could give priority to those projects that serve multiple units of

 local governance such as counties, cities, townships, special use

 districts and others.

     11. Letter of Conditions: This is a general term used throughout

 the Agency to describe the document issued by the Agency that lists the

 requirements that must be met before grant funds are made available to

 the Grantee.

     12. Low Income: The Agency intends for this program to assist low

 income areas. Additional points are awarded to projects serving low

 income areas. The Agency will compare the median household income (MHI)

 of the projects service area to the state's nonmetropolitan median

 household income. To be inclusive, the Agency is defining low income as

 being below the state's nonmetropolitan median household income or the

 poverty line whichever is higher. The MHI is based upon the service

 area of the facility, not the location. The State's MHI can be obtained

 by contacting the Agency. The poverty line is defined in a separate

 definition.

     13. Multi-Jurisdictional: The Agency wants to give priority to

 those projects that cover more than one unit of government. Points are

 awarded to projects based upon the number of jurisdictions involved in

 the project. For the purpose of the grant priority will be given to a

 project that covers at least two jurisdictions. Two or more counties or

 cities, or Tribes that work together on a project would be considered

 multi-jurisdictional.

     14. Professional Services: The Agency recognizes that one of the

 major hurdles a potential applicant faces is obtaining funds to hire a

 professional provider such as an architect, engineer, accountant, and

 other types of professional services. In order to submit a complete

 application to the Agency for Community Facility Loans and Grant the

 applicant may have to provide a preliminary architectural report (PAR),

 a preliminary engineering report, a financial feasibility report

 completed by an independent third party, or other types of professional

 assistance. These professional services many times are not provided by

 a technical assistance provider. The Agency separated out these types

 of services so an applicant may apply for grant funds to contract

 directly for these types of services without having a technical

 services provider.

     15. Project: This is a term used throughout the Agency to describe

 the eligible purpose that the applicant is seeking grant funding for.

     16. Project Cost: This is a term throughout the Agency to describe

 the amount of funds needed to complete the proposed Project.

     17. Secretary: This is the general term used to describe the

 Secretary of Agriculture.

     18. Technical Assistance: The Agency intends for this definition to

 be broad in order to give applicants the flexibility to solve problems

 that are important in the rural areas they serve. The technical

 assistance can include feasibility studies, gathering information for

 environmental reviews, obtaining professional services, assisting with

 bookkeeping, providing training for existing facilities, and other

 types of problem solving activities, but must be for an eligible CF

 project.

     19. Technical Assistance Provider: This is the entity that provides

 the Technical Assistance.

     20. Ultimate Recipient: The Ultimate Recipient is the entity that

 is be assisted by the applicant. An applicant may also be the Ultimate

 Recipient. For example, a city may apply for grant funds to hire an

 architect to complete a Preliminary Architectural Report (PAR) for the

 construction of a fire station. If the Applicant and the Ultimate

 Recipient are the same entity, they must meet the definition of both

 the Applicant and the Ultimate recipient.



 C. Compliance With Federal and State Requirements (Sec.  3570.253)



     This section lists some of the Federal and State Requirements that

 also apply to this grant.



 D. Source of Funds (Sec.  3570.254)



     By statute, the Secretary must make available for this program at

 least three percent (3%) of the annual appropriated funds for the

 Community Facilities Loan, Grant and Guaranteed Programs. The Secretary

 cannot make more than five percent (5%) of those funds available.

 Because the Agency recognizes that these funds are in great demand to

 assist entities in rural areas, the Secretary will make the maximum of

 five percent (5%) available each year unless the Secretary lowers the

 amount by announcing the reduction in a Notice in the Federal Register.

 These funds will be available until July 31 of each year. The Agency

 has established this date so that any unused TAT funds may be reverted

 back to other CF program accounts so that the Agency is able to utilize

 the funds for other CF projects. The Agency believes there is adequate

 need for the TAT funds and that they will be utilized by the July 31

 deadline. Any unused funds will revert back to the Community Facilities

 Loan, Grant and Guaranteed Programs.



 E. Matching Funds (Sec.  3570.255)



     The Agency encourages any applicant to use matching funds, if

 available, in order to maximize the program benefit and outreach and to

 encourage the partnership between the government and the private

 sector. Priority will be given those applicants who commit matching

 funds in the amount of at least 5% of the total project costs.



 F. Allocation of Funds (Sec.  3570.256)



     The Agency will administer these funds and award them on a

 competitive basis.



 G. Statute and Regulation Reference (Sec.  3570.257)



     All references to statutes and regulations will include all

 successor statutes and regulations.



 H. Environmental and Intergovernmental Review (Sec.  3570.261)



     This section lists the environmental and intergovernmental review

 policies that must be met. The intergovernmental review process may



 [[Page 1865]]



 not be required in every state. To see if the intergovernmental review

 is required in your state, you can contact the State Office.



 I. Applicant Eligibility Requirements (Sec.  3570.262)



     This section addresses the eligibility requirement for the

 Applicant and the Ultimate recipient. The Applicant may apply as a

 Technical Assistance Provider (not the Ultimate Recipient) or as an

 Ultimate Recipient.

     1. Applicants applying as Technical Assistance Providers must be a

 Nonprofit corporation with a tax exempt status from the IRS, a Public

 Body, or Federally recognized Indian Tribe or Indian Tribe on a Federal

 or State reservation. A Technical Assistance Provider does not have to

 be located in the rural area. It is the experience of the agency that

 many experienced Technical Assistance Providers are located outside of

 the rural area. Therefore, there is no community ties requirement for

 Technical Assistance Providers. There is a tax-exempt status

 requirement however. This exists to ensure that the Technical

 Assistance Providers are operating on a not for profit basis. The

 applicant may provide the technical assistance through its existing

 staff, be assisted by an affiliate or member organization that has

 experience, or contract out for no more than 49% of the expertise

 needed to provide the technical assistance. The Agency determined that

 if the applicant had to contract for more than 49% of the technical

 assistance provided, then the applicant did not possess adequate

 experience. This same requirement is used in the Agency's Rural

 Community Development Initiative (RCDI) which also provides technical

 assistance and training grants.

     2. Applicants applying as Ultimate Recipients must meet these same

 requirements, except that if they are a Nonprofit Corporation, they

 don't need to demonstrate a tax-exempt status from the IRS. Ultimate

 Recipients that are nonprofit corporations must demonstrate Community

 Ties as outlined in Sec.  3570.262(b)(3)(i) through (iii). It is the

 opinion of the Agency that such ties are necessary to ensure that the

 project will carry out a public purpose and continue to primarily serve

 a Rural Area. Ultimate Recipients that are Public bodies or Indian

 Tribes are not required to further demonstrate Community Ties since

 these ties are demonstrated by the way the Public Bodies and Indian

 Tribes are structured. This program is meant to assist entities apply

 for funding from the Community Facilities programs. If the ultimate

 recipient for this grant is not eligible to obtain funding from the

 Community Facilities program, the use of these funds does not meet the

 intent of this grant.



 J. Eligible Project Purposes (Sec.  3570.263)



     The statute defines the eligible uses of grant funds. The Agency

 did not further restrict the purposes in the regulation. The Agency

 wants this grant program to provide great flexibility and allow the

 applicants and ultimate recipients to assess their needs and request

 funds that meet one or more of the eligible purposes.



 K. Ineligible Project Purposes (Sec.  3570.264)



     This section lists activities that cannot be funded with these

 grants. This grant program is not intended to fund duplicate services

 including those previously performed. Grant funds cannot be used to pay

 for expenses reimbursed by other funding sources. Since this is a

 technical assistance and training grant program, grant funds may not be

 used to purchase real estate, improve or develop office space or repair

 and maintain private property. If an applicant or ultimate recipient

 has these needs, the Community Facilities programs may provide funding

 for this purpose. Furthermore, funding such purposes with a TAT grant

 would be duplicative and inconsistent with the authorized intended use

 of these funds. An applicant cannot obtain grant funds to do outreach

 to generate applications for the Community Facilities Program without

 there having been community involvement in identifying an existing

 need. The applicant may work with ultimate recipients to assist them in

 making applications to the Community Facilities programs. The

 assistance may include preparing budgets, compiling information

 requested by the Agency, or any other assistance which may be requested

 by the ultimate recipient. The Agency also limited the amount of

 indirect or administrative costs that can be incurred as part of the

 project to ten percent (10%). The Agency determined that the demand for

 these funds far exceed the amount of funds available. The limit on the

 amount of funds that can be used for indirect or administrative costs

 will allow more grant funds to be available to assist ultimate

 recipients. Grant funds may not be used to prepare environmental

 assessments for the ultimate recipient to make application to the

 Community Facilities programs. The Agency is ultimately responsible for

 completing environmental assessments; therefore, the Agency has

 determined that these grant funds cannot be used for that purpose. The

 statute further requires that the grant benefit Rural Areas. In order

 to meet this requirement, the Agency is requiring the ultimate

 recipient and project to be located in a Rural Area. If either is not

 located in a Rural Area the project would not be eligible for a TAT

 grant. The Agency determined that grant funds must be used to provide

 assistance to a project that primarily serves an area that is

 considered low income. Limited grant funds should be targeted to those

 areas with low income. The Community Facilities grant program prohibits

 projects in areas with a median household income (MHI) exceeding 90% of

 the State's MHI. This grant is more inclusive as it allows the MHI of

 the project's service area to be up to 100% of the state's MHI to

 maximize the number of low income communities that are eligible for

 this assistance.



 L. Applications (Sec.  3570.267)



     This section outlines what is required to submit an application for

 grant funding. The Agency will publish an annual Notice in the Federal

 Register which will state the application filing period. The Notice

 will advise the public where applications are to be submitted and how

 they may contact the Agency with questions regarding the application

 process. The Agency will accept electronic applications through the

 Grants.gov Web site. Instructions for submitting applications via

 grants.gov will be available on the grants.gov Web site. The applicant

 should be aware that the application process via grants.gov may take

 several days to complete. The applicant will have the option to submit

 paper applications to an address in the Federal Register Notice. The

 required forms and narrative information that needs to be submitted in

 the application packet is listed in this section.



 M. Grant Processing (Sec.  3570.272)



     This section describes how applications will be processed by the

 Agency. The procedures described in this section are standard

 procedures and are meant to encourage complete applications and provide

 the necessary assistance to applicants.



 N. Scoring (Sec.  3570.273)



     The Agency will score and rank applications based on the income of

 the service area of the Ultimate Recipients, Multi-Jurisdictions,

 soundness of approach, matching funds, State Director discretionary

 points and Administrator discretionary points. Congress mandated that

 the Agency give priority to applicants that have



 [[Page 1866]]



 experience providing technical assistance and training. Because of this

 mandate from Congress, the Agency gave significant weight to this

 priority (maximum 40 points). The Agency may revise this scoring

 process in its annual Notice in the Federal Register.



 O. Funds Disbursement (Sec.  3570.274)



     All funds will be disbursed in accordance with 2 CFR parts 200 and

 400. The grantee may receive advance payments if the grantee

 demonstrates it has the financial management systems in place to

 control the grant funds and account for the use of all the grant funds.

 The Grantee can request a reimbursement method of payment by using

 Standard Form SF 270 ``Request for Advance or Reimbursement''. If the

 project includes matching funds, the request for grant funds must also

 account for the usage of any required matching funds.



 P. Grant Cancellation or Major Changes (Sec.  3570.275)



     Any grant cancellations and major changes will be in accordance

 with 2 CFR parts 200 and 400. This section outlines the requirements

 for making changes in the scope of work. The Agency understands that

 projects can change and other needs may be identified. Therefore, the

 Agency is willing to allow the grantee to request changes to the

 project. Any changes to the scope of work must also be eligible grant

 purposes.



 Q. Reporting (Sec.  3570.276)



     This section outlines the reporting requirements the grantee must

 follow. Reports will be required to be submitted according to the

 schedule set in the grant agreement, which will be no more frequent

 than quarterly. The Agency uses these reports to monitor the progress

 of the project. The report must show how grant funds and any matching

 funds are spent. The reports will include the SF 425 ``Federal

 Financial Report'' and a Project Performance Report. The Agency and the

 grantee will use these reports to make sure the time schedules are

 being met and address any challenges that the grantee may be facing.

 The Agency requires the grantee to list actual accomplishments for each

 reporting period. The grantee must explain why any objectives were not

 achieved during the reporting cycle. The Agency will require the

 grantee to provide a summary of the race, sex, and national origin of

 the ultimate recipients. This information is used by the Agency to

 monitor any possible discrimination in its Federal programs. The Agency

 is requiring additional information to be submitted with the final

 report. The Agency requests grantees to describe challenges they faced

 during the project, advice they would give to future grantees, the

 strengths and weaknesses of the grant, what improvements could be made

 to the grant process, and the post-grant plans for the project. The

 Agency will use this feedback to improve the grant process.



 List of Subjects in 7 CFR Part 3570



     Grant programs--Housing and community development, Reporting

 requirements, Rural areas, and Technical assistance.



     For the reasons stated in the preamble, Chapter XXXV, title 7 of

 the Code of Federal Regulations is amended as follows:



 PART 3570--COMMUNITY PROGRAMS



 0

 1. The authority citation for part 3570 continues to read as follows:



     Authority:  5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.





 0

 2. Add and reserve subparts C, D, and E.



 0

 3. Add subpart F, consisting of Sec. Sec.  3570.251 through 3570.300,

 to read as follows:

 Subpart F--Community Facilities Technical Assistance and Training

 Grants

 Sec.

 3570.251 Purpose.

 3570.252 Definitions and abbreviations.

 3570.253 Compliance with Federal and State requirements.

 3570.254 Source of funds.

 3570.255 Matching funds.

 3570.256 Allocation of funds.

 3570.257 Statute and regulation references.

 3570.258-3570.260 [Reserved]

 3570.261 Environmental and intergovernmental review.

 3570.262 Applicant eligibility requirements.

 3570.263 Eligible project purposes.

 3570.264 Ineligible project purposes.

 3570.265-3570.266 [Reserved]

 3570.267 Applications.

 3570.268-3570.271 [Reserved]

 3570.272 Grant processing.

 3570.273 Scoring.

 3570.274 Fund disbursement.

 3570.275 Grant cancellation or major changes.

 3570.276 Reporting.

 3570.277 Audit or financial statement.

 3570.278-3570.280 [Reserved]

 3570.281 Grant servicing.

 3570.282 [Reserved]

 3570.283 Exception authority.

 3570.284 Review or appeal rights.

 3570.285-3570.299 [Reserved]

 3570.300 OMB control number.



 Subpart F--Community Facilities Technical Assistance and Training

 Grants





 Sec.  3570.251  Purpose.



     This subpart contains the provisions and procedures by which the

 Agency will administer the Essential Community Facilities Technical

 Assistance and Training Program. The purpose of the program is to

 provide technical assistance and training with respect to essential

 community facilities programs. To meet this purpose, the Agency will

 make grants to public bodies and private nonprofit corporations, (such

 as States, counties, cities, townships, and incorporated towns and

 villages, boroughs, authorities, districts, and Indian tribes on

 Federal and State reservations) to provide associations Technical

 Assistance and/or training with respect to essential community

 facilities programs. The Technical Assistance and/or training will

 assist communities, Indian Tribes, and Nonprofit Corporations to

 identify and plan for community facility needs that exist in their

 area. Once those needs have been identified, the Grantee can assist in

 identifying public and private resources to finance those identified

 community facility needs.





 Sec.  3570.252  Definitions and abbreviations.



     The definitions and abbreviations in Sec.  3570.53 apply to this

 subpart unless otherwise provided. In addition, these definitions and

 abbreviations are used in this subpart:

     Actual capacity. The demonstrated ability of the Technical

 Assistance Provider to develop the capacity of Ultimate Recipients in

 the areas of developing applications for the Community Facilities

 program, improving the management capabilities of their community

 facilities, and providing training.

     Administrator. The Administrator of the Rural Housing Service

 (RHS).

     Applicant. Public bodies and private nonprofit corporations, (such

 as States, counties, cities, townships, and incorporated towns and

 villages, boroughs, authorities, districts, and Indian tribes on

 Federal and State reservations) that has applied for, or intends to

 apply for, a Technical Assistance and Training Grant under this

 subpart. The applicant must be either a Technical Assistance Provider

 or an Ultimate Recipient.

     Audit. An examination of an organization's financial Statements by

 an independent Certified Public Accountant (CPA), for the purpose of

 expressing an opinion on the fairness



 [[Page 1867]]



 with which the Statements present the financial position, results of

 operations, and changes in cash flows in conformity with Generally

 Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and for determining whether the

 Applicant or Ultimate Recipient of Federal government funding has

 complied with the applicable laws, regulations, and contract for those

 events reflected in the financial Statements. All audits must meet the

 requirements of 2 CFR 200.500-200.518.

     Community ties. The significant ties to the Rural Area that need to

 be demonstrated by a Nonprofit corporation who is an Ultimate

 Recipient, by either substantial public funding through taxes, revenue

 bonds or other local Government sources, and/or substantial voluntary

 community funding; and, a broadly-based ownership and control by

 members of the community. It can also be demonstrated by local

 membership and control characteristics.

     CONACT. The Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C.

 1926 et seq).

     Conflict of interest. A situation in which a person or entity has

 competing personal, professional, or financial interests that make it

 difficult for the person or business to act impartially. Regarding use

 of both grant and matching funds, Federal procurement standards

 prohibit transactions that involve a real or apparent conflict of

 interest for owners, employees, officers, agents, or their immediate

 family members having a financial or other interest in the outcome of

 the Project; or that restrict open and free competition for

 unrestrained trade. Specifically, Project funds may not be used for

 services or goods going to, or coming from, a person or entity with a

 real or apparent Conflict of Interest, including, but not limited to,

 owner(s) and their immediate family members. An example of Conflict of

 Interest occurs when the Grantee's employees, board of directors, or

 the immediate family of either, have the appearance of a professional

 or personal financial interest in the Applicant receiving the benefits

 or services of the grant.

     DUNS. A Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) which is obtained

 from Dun and Bradstreet and is used when applying for Federal financial

 assistance.

     Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP). A widely accepted

 set of rules, conventions, standards and procedures for reporting

 financial information, as established by the Financial Accounting

 Standards Board.

     Indian Tribe. Any Indian Tribe, band, nation, or other organized

 group or community, including Alaska Native village or regional or

 village corporation as defined in or established pursuant to the Alaska

 Native Claims Settlement Act (85 Stat. 688) [43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.],

 which is recognized as eligible for the special programs and services

 provided by the United States to Indians because of their status as

 Indians.

     Jurisdiction. A unit of government or other entity with similar

 powers. Examples include, but are not limited to: City, county,

 district, special purpose district, township, town, borough, village,

 and State.

     Letter of Conditions. A legal document presented to the Applicant

 selected for funding that outlines all conditions that must be agreed

 to and accepted before final grant approval.

     Low income. A median household income (MHI) that does not exceed

 the State Non-Metropolitan Median Household Income (SNMHI) or the

 Poverty Line, whichever is higher.

     Multi-jurisdictional. Concerning two or more Jurisdictions.

     Professional services. Services provided by a person or entity

 having specialized knowledge and skills to plan, design, prepare

 procurement, construction, or other technical support documents,

 administer construction contracts, and/or other related services for a

 Project.

     Project. The Technical Assistance that an Applicant is currently

 planning as described in the Project description in the application, to

 be financed in whole or in part with Agency assistance.

     Secretary. The Secretary of Agriculture.

     Technical Assistance. A function such as supervision, oversight,

 training, or professional consultation related to an Essential

 Community Facility that is performed for the benefit of an Ultimate

 Recipient or proposed Ultimate Recipient, which is a problem solving

 activity, as determined by the Agency.

     Technical Assistance Provider. Grantee who will provide technical

 assistance to Ultimate Recipients.

     Ultimate Recipient. Entity receiving assistance from the Grantee.

 If a Nonprofit corporation is either applying for funding as an

 Ultimate Recipient or is benefitting from the TAT Grant as the Ultimate

 Recipient, it must demonstrate Community Ties to the Rural Area. These

 ties may be demonstrated by:

     (1) Obtaining substantial public funding through taxes revenue

 bonds, or other local Government sources, and/or substantial voluntary

 community funding, or

     (2) Having a broadly-based ownership and control by members of the

 community, or

     (3) Demonstrating all of the following characteristics:

     (i) Members of the organization are primarily from the local rural

 community,

     (ii) Membership is open to all adults in the local rural community,

     (iii) Members of the organization have ultimate control of the

 proposed community facility; and

     (iv) The organization receives the majority of its funding from its

 members or their volunteer efforts. Public bodies and Indian Tribes

 that are applying for funding as Ultimate Recipients or are the

 benefitting from TAT grant funds as the Ultimate Recipient are not

 required to further demonstrate Community ties to the local Rural

 Areas.





 Sec.  3570.253  Compliance with Federal and State requirements.



     (a) Federal statutory requirements. Applicants must comply with,

 all applicable Federal laws and Executive Order requirements including,

 but not limited to:

     (1) Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973.

     (2) Civil Rights Act of 1964.

     (3) The American with Disabilities Act (ADA) of 1990.

     (4) Executive Order 12549 Debarment and Suspension and 2 CFR parts

 180 and 417.

     (5) Section 319 of Public Law 101-121 on Lobbying.

     (6) Age Discrimination Act of 1975.

     (7) Fair Housing Act of 1968.

     (8) Executive Order 11246 Equal Employment Opportunity.

     (9) Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972.

     (10) 2 CFR parts 200 and 400 ``Uniform Administrative Requirements,

 Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards''.

     (b) State laws, local laws, regulatory commission regulations.

 Applicants must comply with all applicable state and local laws and

 regulatory commission regulations. If there are conflicts between this

 subpart and State or local laws or regulations, the provisions of this

 subpart will control.





 Sec.  3570.254  Source of funds.



     The Agency will reserve 5 percent of any funds annually

 appropriated to carry out each of the Essential Community Facilities

 grant, loan and loan guarantee programs unless otherwise noted in the

 annual Notice published in the Federal Register. TAT reserved grant

 funds not obligated by July 31 of each fiscal year will be used



 [[Page 1868]]



 to fund Essential Community Facilities grant, loan, and/or loan

 guarantee programs.





 Sec.  3570.255  Matching funds.



     Any matching funds must comply with the requirements outlined at 2

 CFR 200.306.





 Sec.  3570.256  Allocation of funds.



     The Agency will administer these grant funds and will award them on

 a competitive basis.





 Sec.  3570.257  Statute and regulation references.



     All references to statutes and regulations are to include any and

 all successor statutes and regulations.





 Sec. Sec.  3570.258-3570.260  [Reserved]





 Sec.  3570.261  Environmental and intergovernmental review.



     All grants awarded under this subpart are subject to the

 environmental requirements of 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G. Technical

 Assistance under this program is categorically excluded unless

 extraordinary circumstances exist.





 Sec.  3570.262  Applicant eligibility requirements.



     There are two types of Applicants. The applicant must be either a

 Technical Assistance Provider or an Ultimate Recipient, and must meet

 eligibility requirements before being considered for Agency assistance.

     (a) Applicants applying as Technical Assistance Providers must:

     (1) Be a public body or a private nonprofit corporation, (such as

 States, counties, cities, townships, and incorporated towns and

 villages, boroughs, authorities, districts, and Indian tribes on

 Federal and State reservations);

     (2) Be legally established and located within one of the following:

     (i) A State as defined Sec.  3570.252; or

     (ii) The District of Columbia; and

     (3) Have the proven ability, background, experience (as evidenced

 by the organization's satisfactory completion of Project(s) similar to

 those proposed), legal authority and actual capacity to provide

 Technical Assistance and/or training to Ultimate Recipients as provided

 in Sec.  3570.252. To meet the requirement of actual capacity, an

 Applicant must either:

     (i) Have the necessary resources to provide Technical Assistance

 and/or training to associations in Rural Areas through its staff,

     (ii) Be assisted by an affiliate or member organization which has

 such background and experience and which agrees, in writing, that it

 will provide the technical assistance, or

     (iii) May contract with a nonaffiliated organization for not more

 than 49 percent of the awarded grant to provide the proposed technical

 assistance.

     (4) Nonprofits applying as Technical Assistance Providers must be

 designated tax exempt by the Internal Revenue Service.

     (b) Applicants applying as Ultimate Recipients must be:

     (1) A public body,

     (2) An Indian Tribe, or

     (3) A Nonprofit corporation that demonstrates Community ties to the

 Rural Area by:

     (i) Obtaining substantial public funding through taxes revenue

 bonds, or other local Government sources, and/or substantial voluntary

 community funding,

     (ii) Having a broadly-based ownership and control by members of the

 community, or

     (iii) Demonstrating all of the following characteristics:

     (A) Members of the organization are primarily from the local rural

 community,

     (B) Membership is open to all adults in the local rural community,

     (C) Members of the organization have ultimate control of the

 proposed community facility; and

     (D) The organization receives the majority of its funding from its

 members or their volunteer efforts.





 Sec.  3570.263  Eligible project purposes.



     (a) Grant funds and any matching funds may be used by Technical

 Assistance Providers to:

     (1) Assist communities in identifying and planning for community

 facility needs;

     (2) Identify resources to finance community facility needs from

 public and private sources;

     (3) Prepare reports and surveys necessary to request financial

 assistance to develop community facilities;

     (4) Prepare applications for Agency financial assistance;

     (5) Improve the management, including financial management, related

 to the operation of community facilities; or

     (6) Assist with other areas of need identified by the Secretary.

     (b) Grant Funds and any matching funds may be used by Ultimate

 Recipients only to prepare reports and surveys necessary to request

 financial assistance to develop community facilities. Applicants

 applying as Ultimate Recipients will be limited to this purpose.





 Sec.  3570.264  Ineligible project purposes.



     Ineligible purposes for grant funds and any matching funds include,

 but are not limited to:

     (a) Duplicate services, such as those previously performed by an

 association's consultant in developing a Project, including

 feasibility, design, Professional Services, and cost estimates prior to

 receiving the grant award.

     (b) Purchase real estate or vehicles, improve or renovate office

 space, or repair and maintain privately owned property.

     (c) Pay the costs for construction, improvement, rehabilitation,

 modification, or operation and maintenance of an Essential Community

 Facility.

     (d) Procure applications for the Agency's community facilities or

 other loan or grant program. Grant funds cannot be used to generate new

 applications; however, as stated in Sec.  3570.262(c)(4) funds can be

 used to assist with application preparation for Agency programs.

     (e) Pay for other costs that are not allowed under 2 CFR part 200.

     (f) Pay an outstanding judgment obtained by the U.S. in a Federal

 Court (other than in the United States Tax Court), which has been

 recorded. An Applicant will be ineligible to receive a grant until the

 judgment is paid in full or otherwise satisfied.

     (g) Intervene in Federal or adjudicatory proceedings.

     (h) Fund political or lobbying activities.

     (i) Conduct an income survey associated with developing a complete

 application for a potential Applicant.

     (j) Pay for indirect or administrative costs in excess of 10% of

 the amount of grant.

     (k) Prepare environmental assessments.

     (l) Provide assistance to an Ultimate Recipient, or a Project, that

 is not located in a Rural Area.

     (m) Pay for expenses incurred more than three years after the date

 of the grant agreement.

     (n) Provide assistance to a Project that primarily serves an area

 that is not considered Low Income.

     (o) Fund a project where a Conflict of Interest exists.





 Sec. Sec.  3570.265-3570.266   [Reserved]





 Sec.  3570.267  Applications.



     (a) Filing period. The Agency will publish an annual notice in the

 Federal Register stating the filing period, where to file, and all

 other applicable information necessary to submit a complete

 application.



 [[Page 1869]]



     (b) Application requirements. To file an application, an

 organization must provide their DUNS number. An organization may obtain

 a DUNS number from Dun and Bradstreet by calling (1-866-705-5711). To

 file a complete application the following information must be

 submitted:

     (1) ``Application for Federal Assistance (For Non-Construction)

     (2) ``Budget Information--Non-Construction Programs.''

     (3) ``Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension, and Other

 Responsibility Matters--Primary Covered Transaction.''

     (4) ``Certification Regarding Drug-Free Workplace Requirements

 (Grants) Alternative 1--For Grantees Other Than Individuals.''

     (5) ``Certification Regarding Debarment.''

     (6) Attachment regarding assistance provided to Agency Employees as

 required by RD Instruction 1900-D (1900.153(a)), as applicable.

     (7) ``Equal Opportunity Agreement.''

     (8) ``Assurance Agreement.''

     (9) Indirect Cost Rate Agreement (if applicable, Applicant must

 include approved cost agreement rate schedule).

     (10) Statement of Compliance with Title VI of the Civil Rights Act

 of 1964.

     (11) ``Disclosure of Lobbying Activities'' (include only if grant

 exceeds $100,000).

     (c) Supporting information. All applications shall be accompanied

 by the following supporting information:

     (1) For Nonprofit Corporations,

     (i) Certified copies of current organizational documents including

 Certificate of Incorporation, bylaws, and Certificate of Good Standing,

     (ii) Evidence of tax exempt status from the Internal Revenue

 Service if applying as a Technical Assistance Provider, and

     (iii) Evidence of Community Ties to a Rural Area if a Nonprofit

 Corporation applying as an Ultimate Recipient.

     (2) For applicants applying as a Technical Assistance Provider, a

 narrative of their experience in providing services similar to those

 proposed. The narrative will provide a brief description of

 successfully completed Projects including the need that was identified

 and objectives accomplished.

     (3) Latest financial information to show the Applicant's financial

 capacity to carry out proposed work. A current Audit is preferred;

 however, Applicants may submit a balance sheet and an income Statement

 in lieu of an Audit report.

     (4) Documentation of cash matching funds, if applicable.

     (5) List of proposed services to be provided.

     (6) For Applicants applying as Technical Assistance Providers who

 have not identified the Ultimate Recipients, a narrative explaining how

 they will select Ultimate Recipients to be assisted with grant funds.

     (7) Estimated breakdown of costs (direct and indirect) including

 those to be funded by Grantee as well as matching funds and other

 sources. Sufficient detail will be provided to permit the Agency to

 determine if the costs are allowed, reasonable, and applicable.

     (8) Evidence that a Financial Management System used to track

 Project costs is in place or proposed.

     (9) Documentation relevant to scoring criteria including, but not

 limited to:

     (i) List of Ultimate Recipients to be served and the county, State

 or States where assistance will be provided. Identify Ultimate

 Recipients by name, or other characteristics such as size, income,

 location, and provide MHI and population data.

     (ii) Description of type of Technical Assistance and/or training to

 be provided and the tasks to be contracted.

     (iii) Description of how the Project will be evaluated, clearly

 stated goals, and the method proposed to measure results.

     (iv) Documentation of the need for the proposed service. Provide

 detailed explanation of how the proposed service differs from other

 similar services being provided in same area.

     (v) Personnel on staff or to be contracted to provide services and

 their experience with similar Projects.

     (vi) Statement indicating the number of months it will take to

 complete the Project or service, and

     (vii) Documentation on cost effectiveness of Project. Provide the

 cost per Ultimate Recipient to be served or the proposed cost of

 personnel to provide assistance.





 Sec. Sec.  3570.268--3570.271  [Reserved]





 Sec.  3570.272  Grant processing.



     (a)-(c) [Reserved]

     (d) Applications that are not selected for funding due to low

 rating will be notified by the Agency. Applications that cannot be

 funded in the fiscal year that the application was received will not be

 retained for consideration in the following fiscal year.

     (e) Applicants selected for funding will need to accept the

 conditions set forth in the Letter of Conditions, meet all such

 conditions, and complete a grant agreement which outlines the terms and

 conditions of the grant award before grant funds will be disbursed.





 Sec.  3570.273  Scoring.



     The Agency will score each application using the following scoring

 factors unless otherwise provided in an annual Notice in the Federal

 Register:

     (a) Experience: Applicant Experience at developing and implementing

 successful technical assistance and/or training programs:

     (1) More than 10 years--40 points.

     (2) More than 5 years to 10 years--25 points.

     (3) 3 to 5 years--10 points.

     (b) No prior grants received:

     (1) Applicant has never received a TAT Grant--5 points.

     (2) [Reserved]

     (c) Population: The average population of proposed area(s) to be

 served:

     (1) 2,500 or less--15 points.

     (2) 2,501 to 5,000--10 points.

     (3) 5,001 to 10,000--5 points.

     (d) MHI: The average median household income (MHI) of proposed area

 to be served is below the higher of the poverty line or:

     (1) 60 percent of the State's MHI--15 points.

     (2) 70 percent of the State MHI--10 points.

     (3) 90 percent of the State's MHI--5 points.

     (e) Multi-jurisdictional: The proposed technical assistance or

 training project a part of a Multi-jurisdictional project comprised of:

     (1) More than 10 jurisdictions--15 points.

     (2) More than 5 to 10 jurisdictions--10 points.

     (3) 3 to 5 jurisdictions--5 points.

     (f) Soundness of approach: Up to 10 points.

     (1) Needs assessment: The problem/issue being addressed is clearly

 defined, supported by data, and addresses the needs;

     (2) Goals & objectives are clearly defined, tied to the need as

 defined in the work plan, and are measurable;

     (3) Work plan clearly articulates a well thought out approach to

 accomplishing objectives & clearly identifies who will be served by the

 project;

     (4) The proposed activities are needed in order for a complete

 Community Facilities loan and/or grant application.

     (g) Matching funds:

     (1) There is evidence of the commitment of other cash funds of 20%

 of the total project costs 10 points.

     (2) There is evidence of the commitment of other cash funds of 10%

 of the total project costs 5 points.

     (h) State Director discretionary points. The State Director may

 award up to 10 discretionary points for the highest



 [[Page 1870]]



 priority project in each state, up to 7 points for the second highest

 priority project in each state and up to 5 points for the third highest

 priority project that address unforeseen exigencies or emergencies,

 such as the loss of a community facility due to an accident or natural

 disaster, or other areas of need in their particular state. The State

 Director will place written documentation in the project file each time

 the State Director assigns these points--Up to 10 points.

     (i) Administrator discretionary points. The Administrator may award

 up to 20 discretionary points for projects to address geographic

 distribution of funds, emergency conditions caused by economic

 problems, natural disasters and other initiatives identified by the

 Secretary--Up to 20 points.





 Sec.  3570.274  Fund disbursement.



     The Agency will make payments under this agreement in accordance

 with 2 CFR 200.305. All requests for advances or reimbursements must be

 in compliance with 2 CFR 200.306 and include any required matching fund

 usage.





 Sec.  3570.275  Grant cancellation or major changes.



     Any change in the scope of the Project, budget adjustments of more

 than 10 percent of the total budget, and any other significant change

 in the Project must be in compliance with 2 CFR 200.308 and 200.339.

 The changes must be requested in writing and approved by the Agency in

 writing. Any change not approved may be cause for termination of the

 grant.





 Sec.  3570.276  Reporting.



     (a) The Grantee must provide periodic reports as required by the

 Agency. A financial status report, SF 425 ``Federal Financial

 Report,'', and a project performance report will be required as

 provided in the grant agreement. The financial status report must show

 how grant funds and matching funds have been used to date. A final

 report may serve as the last report. Grantees shall constantly monitor

 performance to ensure that time schedules are being met and projected

 goals by time periods are being accomplished. The Project performance

 reports shall include, but are not limited to, the following:

     (1) A description of the activities that the funds reflected in the

 financial status report were used for;

     (2) A comparison of actual accomplishments to the objectives for

 that period;

     (3) Reasons why established objectives were not met, if applicable;

     (4) Problems, delays, or adverse conditions which will affect

 attainment of overall program objectives, prevent meeting time

 schedules or objectives, or preclude the attainment of particular

 objectives during established time periods. This disclosure shall be

 accomplished by a Statement of the action taken or planned to resolve

 the situation;

     (5) Objectives and timetables established for the next reporting

 period;

     (6) A summary of the race, sex, and national origin of the Ultimate

 Recipients;

     (7) The final report will also address the following:

     (i) What have been the most challenging or unexpected aspects of

 this grant?

     (ii) What advice would you give to other organizations planning a

 similar grant? What are the strengths and limitations of this grant? If

 you had the opportunity, what would you have done differently?

     (iii) Are there any post-grant plans for this Project? If yes, how

 will they be financed?

     (b) [Reserved]





 Sec.  3570.277  Audit or financial statement.



     The Grantee will provide an Audit report or financial Statement in

 accordance with 2 CFR 200.500-200.517 and as follows:

     (a) Grantees expending $750,000 or more Federal funds per fiscal

 year will submit an Audit conducted in accordance with 2 CFR parts 200,

 215, 220, 225, 230 and 400, ``Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost

 Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards.''

     (b) Grantees expending less than $750,000 will provide annual

 financial Statements covering the grant period, consisting of the

 organization's statement of income and expense and balance sheet signed

 by an appropriate Official of the organization. Financial statements

 will be submitted within 90 days after the Grantee's fiscal year.





 Sec. Sec.  3570.278--3570.280  [Reserved]





 Sec.  3570.281  Grant servicing.



     Grants will be serviced in accordance with 7 CFR part 1951, subpart

 E.





 Sec.  3570.282  [Reserved]





 Sec.  3570.283  Exception authority.



     The Administrator may make an exception to any requirement or

 provision of this subpart, if such an exception is necessary to

 implement the intent of the authorizing statutes in a time of national

 emergency or in accordance with a Presidentially-declared disaster, or

 on a case-by-case basis, when such an exception is in the best

 financial interest of the Federal Government and is otherwise not in

 conflict with applicable laws. No exceptions, however, will be granted

 for Applicant, Ultimate Recipient, or Project eligibility.





 Sec.  3570.284  Review or appeal rights.



     A person may seek a review of an Agency decision under this subpart

 from the appropriate Agency official that oversees the program in

 question or appeal to the USDA National Appeals Division in accordance

 with 7 CFR part 11.





 Sec. Sec.  3570.285-3570.299  [Reserved]





 Sec.  3570.300  OMB control number.



     The reporting and recordkeeping requirements contained in this

 regulation have been submitted to the Office of Management and Budget

 (OMB) for approval.



     Dated: December 11, 2015.

 Tony Hernandez,

 Administrator, Rural Housing Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-00479 Filed 1-13-16; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                                2 of 5 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 14, 2016 Thursday

Community Facilities Technical Assistance and Training Grants

LENGTH: 10981  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Rule document was issued by the Rural Housing Service
(RHS)



  Action



 Final rule with comments.

 Summary



 Title VI, Section 6006 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L. 113-79)(2014
Farm Bill) authorized the Essential Community Facilities Technical Assistance
and Training Program. The Act authorizes the Secretary of Agriculture to make
grants to public bodies and private nonprofit corporations, (such as States,
counties, cities, townships, and incorporated towns and villages, boroughs,
authorities, districts, and Indian tribes on Federal and State reservations)
that will serve Rural Areas for the purpose of providing technical assistance
and training, with respect to essential community facilities programs. This rule
implements Section 6006 of the 2014 Farm Bill, by establishing the policies and
procedures for the Technical Assistance and Training (TAT) grants program. The
intended effect of this action is to assist rural communities in meeting the
community facility needs.



 Dates



 Effective date: This final rule is effective March 14, 2016.



 Comments due date: Written comments on this rule must be received on or before
March 14, 2016. The comment period for information collections under the
Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 continues through March 14, 2016.

 Addresses



 You may submit comments to this rule by any of the following methods:



     Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the
instructions on Regulations.gov for submitting comments.

     Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service to the Branch
Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0742.


     Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal Express Mail or
another mail courier service requiring a street address to the Branch Chief,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 300
7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Suite 701, Washington, DC 20024.



 All written comments will be available for public inspection during regular
work hours at the 300 7th Street, SW., address listed above.

 For Further Information Contact



 Nathan Chitwood, Regional Coordinator, Rural Housing Service, U.S. Department
of Agriculture, 601 Business Loop 70 West, Suite 235, Columbia, MO 65203
telephone: (573) 876-0965. Email contact: Nathan.chitwood@wdc.usda.gov

 Supplementary Information

 Executive Summary

 I. Purpose of the Regulatory Action



 Section 306(a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT) (7
U.S.C 1926(a)) was amended by Section 6006 of the Agriculture Act of 2014 (Pub.
L. 113-79)to establish the Community Facilities Technical Assistance and
Training Grants program. This action is needed to implement Section 6006 of the
2014 Farm Bill, which authorizes grants to be made to Public Bodies, Nonprofit
Corporations, and Federally-recognized tribes and Indian Tribes on Federal and
State Reservations that will serve Rural Areas for the purpose of enabling the
Grantees to provide Technical Assistance and training with respect to Essential
Community Facilities authorized under Section 306(a)(1) of the CONACT (7 U.S.C.
1926(a)).

 II. Cost and Benefits



 Because this grant is new to the Agency, there is no history to use to
determine a cost to apply. Therefore, the Agency examined similar programs
administered by other agencies within the Department. The Agency used the Rural
Utilities Service (RUS) Water and Environmental Programs (WEP) Technical
Assistance and Training (TAT) grant as a comparison. The number of applications
and the number of awarded grants used in the calculation are the same as the
number of WEP TAT applications and grants awarded last year. The Agency based
our calculations upon receiving 70 total applications with 35 of them selected
for funding. The costs include the estimated time for 70 applicants to complete
and submit an application and for the 35 successful applicants to carry out the
activities of an awarded grant. The Agency used similar cost projects as used by
WEP for their TAT grant. The total expense for all the applicants and successful
applicants was estimate to be approximately $188,000.



 This program will benefit Rural Area residents by providing training,
managerial assistance, and assistance to entities making application to the
Community Facilities Program. The Agency understands there is a great need for
this type of assistance in Rural Areas.

 Executive Order 12866--Classification



 This final rule has been reviewed under Executive Order (EO) 12866 and has been
determined not significant by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB).

 Programs Affected



 The affected programs are listed in the Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance
Program under 10.766, Community Facilities Loans and Grants.

 Executive Order 12372--Intergovernmental Review



 This program is subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372, which
requires intergovernmental consultation with State and local officials. The
Agency conducts intergovernmental consultations for each loan in the manner
delineated in 2 CFR part 415, subpart C. Note that not all States have chosen to
participate in the intergovernmental review process. A list of participating
States is available at the following Web site:
https://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/grants_spoc.

 Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments



 This rule has been reviewed in accordance with the requirements of Executive
Order 13175, "Consultation and Coordination with Indian Tribal Governments."
Executive Order (EO) 13175 requires Federal agencies to consult and coordinate
with tribes on a government-to-government basis on policies that have tribal
implications, including regulations, legislative comments or proposed
legislation, and other policy statements or actions that have substantial direct
effects on one or more Indian tribes, on the relationship between the Federal
Government and Indian tribes or on the distribution of power and
responsibilities between the Federal Government and Indian tribes.



 The Agency has assessed the impact of this rule on Indian tribes and determined
that this rule does not, to our knowledge, have tribal implications that require
tribal consultation under EO 13175. However, since technical assistance and
training associated with the development of essential community facilities is a
resource needed by many Tribes, the Agency commits to provide at least one
Tribal Consultation, focused on unique challenges (and potential solutions)
coinciding with the implementation of this rule. If a Tribe requests
consultation, the Agency will work with the Office of Tribal Relations to ensure
meaningful consultation is provided where changes, additions and modifications
identified herein are not expressly mandated by Congress. If a tribe would like
to engage in consultation with the Agency on this rule, please contact the
Agency's Native American Coordinator at (720) 544-2911 or AIAN@wdc.usda.gov

 Executive Order 12988--Civil Justice Reform



 This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform.
In accordance with this rule: (1) All State and local laws and regulations that
are in conflict with this rule will be preempted; (2) no retroactive effect will
be given to this rule; and (3) administrative proceedings of the National
Appeals Division (7 CFR part 11) must be exhausted before bringing suit in court
challenging action taken under this rule unless those regulations specifically
allow bringing suit at an earlier time.

 Environmental Impact Statement



 The document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." The Agency has determined that this action does not
constitute a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality of the
human environment and, in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act
of 1969, 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental Impact Statement is not
required.

 Unfunded Mandates Reform Act



 Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (UMRA), Public Law 104-4,
establishes requirements for Federal agencies to assess the effects of their
regulatory actions on State, local, and tribal governments and the private
sector. Under section 202 of the UMRA, the Agency generally must prepare a
written Statement, including a cost-benefit analysis, for proposed and final
rules with "Federal mandates" that may result in expenditures to State, local,
or tribal governments, in the aggregate, or to the private sector, of $100
million or more in any 1 year. When such a Statement is needed for a rule,
section 205 of the UMRA generally requires the Agency to identify and consider a
reasonable number of regulatory alternatives and adopt the least costly, most
cost-effective, or least burdensome alternative that achieves the objectives of
the rule. This final rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory
provisions of title II of the UMRA) for State, local, and tribal governments or
the private sector. Therefore, this rule is not subject to the requirements of
sections 202 and 205 of the UMRA.

 Regulatory Flexibility Act



 The Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601-612) (RFA) generally requires an
agency to prepare a regulatory flexibility analysis of any rule subject to
notice and comment rulemaking requirements under the Administrative Procedure
Act or any other statute unless the Agency certifies that the rule will not have
an economically significant impact on a substantial number of small entities.
Small entities include small businesses, small organizations, and small
governmental jurisdictions. This rule has been reviewed with regard to the
requirements of the Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601-612). The
undersigned has determined and certified by signature of this document that this
rule will not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of
small entities because this rulemaking action does not involve a new or expanded
program.

 Executive Order--13132--Federalism



 It has been determined, under EO 13132, Federalism, that this final rule does
not have sufficient federalism implications to warrant the preparation of a
Federalism Assessment. The policies contained in this rule do not have any
substantial direct effect on States, on the relationship between the national
government and the States, or on the distribution of power and responsibilities
among the various levels of government. Nor does this rule impose substantial
direct compliance costs on State and local governments. Therefore, consultation
with the States is not required.

 E-Government Act Compliance



 The Agency is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to promote the
use of the Internet and other information technologies to provide increased
opportunities for citizen access to Government information and services, and for
other purposes.

 Paperwork Reduction Act



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the Agency is now
seeking the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) approval of the reporting and
recordkeeping requirements contained in this rule. This information collection
requirement will not become effective until approved by OMB.



 Title: Community Facilities Technical Assistance and Training Grants.



 OMB Number: 0575-NEW.



 Type of Request: New collection.



 Abstract: This is a new information collection. This information is vital to
the Agency to make wise decisions regarding the eligibility of Projects and
Applicants in order to reduce the risk associated with making grants, to ensure
compliance with the rule, and to ensure that funds obtained from the Government
are used appropriately. This collection of information is necessary in order to
implement the Community Facilities Technical Assistance and Training Grants
regulation.



 The following estimates are based on the average over the first three years the
program is in place.



 Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 47 hours per response.



 Respondents: Rural developers, public bodies, local governments, non-profits
and federally recognized tribes.



 Estimated Number of Respondents: 70.



 Estimated Number of Responses: 70.



 Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 3,290.



 Comments: Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of
information is necessary for the proper performance of functions of Agency,
including whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the accuracy
of the Agency estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of information,
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to
enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be collected;
and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on those
who are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated,
electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other
forms of information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Rural Development, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Washington, DC 20250.
All responses to this notice will be summarized and included in the request for
OMB approval. All comments will also become a matter of public record.

 Non-Discrimination Policy



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)



 If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination,
complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov



 Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and you
wish to file either an EEO or program complaint please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).



 Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

 Discussion of the Final Rule



 The following paragraphs discuss each section of the Final rule and provide
additional information on the Agency's intent in implementing each section.

 A. Purpose (§ 3570.251)



 This section describes the purpose, scope and applicability of the program. The
Agency will make grants to Nonprofit Corporations and Public Bodies, including
Federally recognized Tribes and Indian Tribes on Federal and State reservations,
to provide to associations Technical Assistance and/or training with respect to
essential community facilities programs. In many cases there is a need to hire
outside consultants to prepare reports, such as Architectural or financial
feasibility, and surveys necessary to request financial assistance to develop
the identified community facilities. The Grantee can then assist in preparing
applications for financial assistance. If an existing community facility
borrower or grantee needs to improve the management, including financial
management, related to their existing community facility operations, the Grantee
may assist in providing such service. The Agency may also request assistance
with other areas of need that have been identified. Any area of need identified
will be announced in the Notice.



 The Agency recognizes and understands that many smaller, low income rural
communities have very limited resources and staff to identify needs, develop
application for financing, and operate essential community facilities. In many
cases, those communities are governed by volunteers who lack the time or the
expertise to develop an essential community facility. These grants will allow
the Agency to provide funds to those communities so they may obtain the types of
services they need in order to develop their community facility.



 It is the intent of this program to assist entities in rural area in accessing
funding under the Rural Housing Services Community Facilities Programs.

 B. Definitions and Abbreviations (§ 3570.252)



 This section presents program specific definitions to clarify terms used in the
rule. Program definitions are found at 7 CFR 3570.63, and apply to this
regulation. Many of the definitions in this section are self-explanatory. The
following definitions have specific meaning to this regulation:



 1. Actual Capacity: The Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) Grant
uses this term. This term is significant because it describes the level of
expertise required by the Technical Assistance Provider. The eligible purposes
of the RCDI program are different than this program. The Agency used the basic
language of the definition of capacity in the RCDI Grant and modified it to meet
the eligible purposes of this grant.



 2. Applicant: To be eligible to apply for TAT grant funds, the applicant must
be a public body or a private nonprofit corporation, (such as State, county,
city, township, and incorporated town and village, borough, authority, district,
and Indian tribes on Federal and State reservation). A Nonprofit corporation
that applies for this program as a Technical Assistance Provider must be
designated tax-exempt by the Internal Revenue Service. This was added by the
Agency to ensure that Nonprofit corporations that apply are not structured to
only benefit the members of the corporation. This same requirement exists in
other USDA grant programs such as the Rural Utilities Service Technical
Assistance and Training Grant Program. Nonprofit Corporations applying as
Ultimate Recipients must demonstrate Community Ties to the Rural Area. Public
bodies and Indian Tribes applying as Ultimate Recipients do not need to further
demonstrate Community Ties under this regulation.



 3. Audit: Audit is a general term that is used throughout the Agency. The
requirements for when an audit is required can be found at 2 CFR parts 200 and
400.



 4. Community Ties: this definition is needed to demonstrate the requisite
significant ties to the local Rural Area. This definition was taken from
existing Agency guidance for the CF program.



 5. CONACT: This is the general abbreviation of the Consolidated Farm and Rural
Development Act and is widely used throughout the Agency.



 6. Conflict of Interest: This is a standard definition that is used by CF in
their other programs.



 7. DUNS: This is the general abbreviation for the Data Universal Numbering
System (DUNS) which is obtained through Dun and Bradstreet. It is a general term
used throughout the Agency.



 8. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP): the standard framework of
guidelines for financial accounting used in any given jurisdiction; generally
known as accounting standards or standard accounting practice. These include the
standards, conventions, and rules that accountants follow in recording and
summarizing and in the preparation of financial statements.



 9. Indian Tribe: This is the same definition that is used in the Community
Facilities Loan and Grant Program. The language in the statute specifically
mentioned Indian Tribes located on Federal or State recognized Indian
reservations; however, the list of examples was inexhaustive. The Agency
determined that this language was not intended to prohibit Indian Tribes not
located on a Federal or State recognized reservation from being eligible. The
Agency has added all Federal and State recognized Indian Tribes as eligible to
apply for this grant. The language is the same as the applicant eligibility
requirements of the Community Facility Programs.



 10. Jurisdiction: This definition was added so that the Agency could give
priority to those projects that serve multiple units of local governance such as
counties, cities, townships, special use districts and others.



 11. Letter of Conditions: This is a general term used throughout the Agency to
describe the document issued by the Agency that lists the requirements that must
be met before grant funds are made available to the Grantee.



 12. Low Income: The Agency intends for this program to assist low income areas.
Additional points are awarded to projects serving low income areas. The Agency
will compare the median household income (MHI) of the projects service area to
the state's nonmetropolitan median household income. To be inclusive, the Agency
is defining low income as being below the state's nonmetropolitan median
household income or the poverty line whichever is higher. The MHI is based upon
the service area of the facility, not the location. The State's MHI can be
obtained by contacting the Agency. The poverty line is defined in a separate
definition.



 13. Multi-Jurisdictional: The Agency wants to give priority to those projects
that cover more than one unit of government. Points are awarded to projects
based upon the number of jurisdictions involved in the project. For the purpose
of the grant priority will be given to a project that covers at least two
jurisdictions. Two or more counties or cities, or Tribes that work together on a
project would be considered multi-jurisdictional.



 14. Professional Services: The Agency recognizes that one of the major hurdles
a potential applicant faces is obtaining funds to hire a professional provider
such as an architect, engineer, accountant, and other types of professional
services. In order to submit a complete application to the Agency for Community
Facility Loans and Grant the applicant may have to provide a preliminary
architectural report (PAR), a preliminary engineering report, a financial
feasibility report completed by an independent third party, or other types of
professional assistance. These professional services many times are not provided
by a technical assistance provider. The Agency separated out these types of
services so an applicant may apply for grant funds to contract directly for
these types of services without having a technical services provider.



 15. Project: This is a term used throughout the Agency to describe the eligible
purpose that the applicant is seeking grant funding for.



 16. Project Cost: This is a term throughout the Agency to describe the amount
of funds needed to complete the proposed Project.



 17. Secretary: This is the general term used to describe the Secretary of
Agriculture.



 18. Technical Assistance: The Agency intends for this definition to be broad in
order to give applicants the flexibility to solve problems that are important in
the rural areas they serve. The technical assistance can include feasibility
studies, gathering information for environmental reviews, obtaining professional
services, assisting with bookkeeping, providing training for existing
facilities, and other types of problem solving activities, but must be for an
eligible CF project.



 19. Technical Assistance Provider: This is the entity that provides the
Technical Assistance.



 20. Ultimate Recipient: The Ultimate Recipient is the entity that is be
assisted by the applicant. An applicant may also be the Ultimate Recipient. For
example, a city may apply for grant funds to hire an architect to complete a
Preliminary Architectural Report (PAR) for the construction of a fire station.
If the Applicant and the Ultimate Recipient are the same entity, they must meet
the definition of both the Applicant and the Ultimate recipient.

 C. Compliance With Federal and State Requirements (§ 3570.253)



 This section lists some of the Federal and State Requirements that also apply
to this grant.

 D. Source of Funds (§ 3570.254)



 By statute, the Secretary must make available for this program at least three
percent (3%) of the annual appropriated funds for the Community Facilities Loan,
Grant and Guaranteed Programs. The Secretary cannot make more than five percent
(5%) of those funds available. Because the Agency recognizes that these funds
are in great demand to assist entities in rural areas, the Secretary will make
the maximum of five percent (5%) available each year unless the Secretary lowers
the amount by announcing the reduction in a Notice in the Federal Register.
These funds will be available until July 31 of each year. The Agency has
established this date so that any unused TAT funds may be reverted back to other
CF program accounts so that the Agency is able to utilize the funds for other CF
projects. The Agency believes there is adequate need for the TAT funds and that
they will be utilized by the July 31 deadline. Any unused funds will revert back
to the Community Facilities Loan, Grant and Guaranteed Programs.

 E. Matching Funds (§ 3570.255)



 The Agency encourages any applicant to use matching funds, if available, in
order to maximize the program benefit and outreach and to encourage the
partnership between the government and the private sector. Priority will be
given those applicants who commit matching funds in the amount of at least 5% of
the total project costs.

 F. Allocation of Funds (§ 3570.256)



 The Agency will administer these funds and award them on a competitive basis.

 G. Statute and Regulation Reference (§ 3570.257)



 All references to statutes and regulations will include all successor statutes
and regulations.

 H. Environmental and Intergovernmental Review (§ 3570.261)



 This section lists the environmental and intergovernmental review policies that
must be met. The intergovernmental review process may not be required in every
state. To see if the intergovernmental review is required in your state, you can
contact the State Office.

 I. Applicant Eligibility Requirements (§ 3570.262)



 This section addresses the eligibility requirement for the Applicant and the
Ultimate recipient. The Applicant may apply as a Technical Assistance Provider
(not the Ultimate Recipient) or as an Ultimate Recipient.



 1. Applicants applying as Technical Assistance Providers must be a Nonprofit
corporation with a tax exempt status from the IRS, a Public Body, or Federally
recognized Indian Tribe or Indian Tribe on a Federal or State reservation. A
Technical Assistance Provider does not have to be located in the rural area. It
is the experience of the agency that many experienced Technical Assistance
Providers are located outside of the rural area. Therefore, there is no
community ties requirement for Technical Assistance Providers. There is a
tax-exempt status requirement however. This exists to ensure that the Technical
Assistance Providers are operating on a not for profit basis. The applicant may
provide the technical assistance through its existing staff, be assisted by an
affiliate or member organization that has experience, or contract out for no
more than 49% of the expertise needed to provide the technical assistance. The
Agency determined that if the applicant had to contract for more than 49% of the
technical assistance provided, then the applicant did not possess adequate
experience. This same requirement is used in the Agency's Rural Community
Development Initiative (RCDI) which also provides technical assistance and
training grants.



 2. Applicants applying as Ultimate Recipients must meet these same
requirements, except that if they are a Nonprofit Corporation, they don't need
to demonstrate a tax-exempt status from the IRS. Ultimate Recipients that are
nonprofit corporations must demonstrate Community Ties as outlined in §
3570.262(b)(3)(i) through (iii). It is the opinion of the Agency that such ties
are necessary to ensure that the project will carry out a public purpose and
continue to primarily serve a Rural Area. Ultimate Recipients that are Public
bodies or Indian Tribes are not required to further demonstrate Community Ties
since these ties are demonstrated by the way the Public Bodies and Indian Tribes
are structured. This program is meant to assist entities apply for funding from
the Community Facilities programs. If the ultimate recipient for this grant is
not eligible to obtain funding from the Community Facilities program, the use of
these funds does not meet the intent of this grant.

 J. Eligible Project Purposes (§ 3570.263)



 The statute defines the eligible uses of grant funds. The Agency did not
further restrict the purposes in the regulation. The Agency wants this grant
program to provide great flexibility and allow the applicants and ultimate
recipients to assess their needs and request funds that meet one or more of the
eligible purposes.

 K. Ineligible Project Purposes (§ 3570.264)



 This section lists activities that cannot be funded with these grants. This
grant program is not intended to fund duplicate services including those
previously performed. Grant funds cannot be used to pay for expenses reimbursed
by other funding sources. Since this is a technical assistance and training
grant program, grant funds may not be used to purchase real estate, improve or
develop office space or repair and maintain private property. If an applicant or
ultimate recipient has these needs, the Community Facilities programs may
provide funding for this purpose. Furthermore, funding such purposes with a TAT
grant would be duplicative and inconsistent with the authorized intended use of
these funds. An applicant cannot obtain grant funds to do outreach to generate
applications for the Community Facilities Program without there having been
community involvement in identifying an existing need. The applicant may work
with ultimate recipients to assist them in making applications to the Community
Facilities programs. The assistance may include preparing budgets, compiling
information requested by the Agency, or any other assistance which may be
requested by the ultimate recipient. The Agency also limited the amount of
indirect or administrative costs that can be incurred as part of the project to
ten percent (10%). The Agency determined that the demand for these funds far
exceed the amount of funds available. The limit on the amount of funds that can
be used for indirect or administrative costs will allow more grant funds to be
available to assist ultimate recipients. Grant funds may not be used to prepare
environmental assessments for the ultimate recipient to make application to the
Community Facilities programs. The Agency is ultimately responsible for
completing environmental assessments; therefore, the Agency has determined that
these grant funds cannot be used for that purpose. The statute further requires
that the grant benefit Rural Areas. In order to meet this requirement, the
Agency is requiring the ultimate recipient and project to be located in a Rural
Area. If either is not located in a Rural Area the project would not be eligible
for a TAT grant. The Agency determined that grant funds must be used to provide
assistance to a project that primarily serves an area that is considered low
income. Limited grant funds should be targeted to those areas with low income.
The Community Facilities grant program prohibits projects in areas with a median
household income (MHI) exceeding 90% of the State's MHI. This grant is more
inclusive as it allows the MHI of the project's service area to be up to 100% of
the state's MHI to maximize the number of low income communities that are
eligible for this assistance.

 L. Applications (§ 3570.267)



 This section outlines what is required to submit an application for grant
funding. The Agency will publish an annual Notice in the Federal Register which
will state the application filing period. The Notice will advise the public
where applications are to be submitted and how they may contact the Agency with
questions regarding the application process. The Agency will accept electronic
applications through the Grants.gov Web site. Instructions for submitting
applications via grants.gov will be available on the grants.gov Web site. The
applicant should be aware that the application process via grants.gov may take
several days to complete. The applicant will have the option to submit paper
applications to an address in the Federal Register Notice. The required forms
and narrative information that needs to be submitted in the application packet
is listed in this section.

 M. Grant Processing (§ 3570.272)



 This section describes how applications will be processed by the Agency. The
procedures described in this section are standard procedures and are meant to
encourage complete applications and provide the necessary assistance to
applicants.

 N. Scoring (§ 3570.273)



 The Agency will score and rank applications based on the income of the service
area of the Ultimate Recipients, Multi-Jurisdictions, soundness of approach,
matching funds, State Director discretionary points and Administrator
discretionary points. Congress mandated that the Agency give priority to
applicants that have experience providing technical assistance and training.
Because of this mandate from Congress, the Agency gave significant weight to
this priority (maximum 40 points). The Agency may revise this scoring process in
its annual Notice in the Federal Register.

 O. Funds Disbursement (§ 3570.274)



 All funds will be disbursed in accordance with 2 CFR parts 200 and 400. The
grantee may receive advance payments if the grantee demonstrates it has the
financial management systems in place to control the grant funds and account for
the use of all the grant funds. The Grantee can request a reimbursement method
of payment by using Standard Form SF 270 "Request for Advance or Reimbursement".
If the project includes matching funds, the request for grant funds must also
account for the usage of any required matching funds.

 P. Grant Cancellation or Major Changes (§ 3570.275)



 Any grant cancellations and major changes will be in accordance with 2 CFR
parts 200 and 400. This section outlines the requirements for making changes in
the scope of work. The Agency understands that projects can change and other
needs may be identified. Therefore, the Agency is willing to allow the grantee
to request changes to the project. Any changes to the scope of work must also be
eligible grant purposes.

 Q. Reporting (§ 3570.276)



 This section outlines the reporting requirements the grantee must follow.
Reports will be required to be submitted according to the schedule set in the
grant agreement, which will be no more frequent than quarterly. The Agency uses
these reports to monitor the progress of the project. The report must show how
grant funds and any matching funds are spent. The reports will include the SF
425 "Federal Financial Report" and a Project Performance Report. The Agency and
the grantee will use these reports to make sure the time schedules are being met
and address any challenges that the grantee may be facing. The Agency requires
the grantee to list actual accomplishments for each reporting period. The
grantee must explain why any objectives were not achieved during the reporting
cycle. The Agency will require the grantee to provide a summary of the race,
sex, and national origin of the ultimate recipients. This information is used by
the Agency to monitor any possible discrimination in its Federal programs. The
Agency is requiring additional information to be submitted with the final
report. The Agency requests grantees to describe challenges they faced during
the project, advice they would give to future grantees, the strengths and
weaknesses of the grant, what improvements could be made to the grant process,
and the post-grant plans for the project. The Agency will use this feedback to
improve the grant process.

 List of Subjects in 7 CFR Part 3570



 Grant programs--Housing and community development, Reporting requirements,
Rural areas, and Technical assistance.



 For the reasons stated in the preamble, Chapter XXXV, title 7 of the Code of
Federal Regulations is amended as follows:

 Regulatory Text

 Part 3570 Community Programs



 1. The authority citation for part 3570 continues to read as follows:

 Authority:



 5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.



 2. Add and reserve subparts C, D, and E.



 3. Add subpart F, consisting of §§ 3570.251 through 3570.300, to read as
follows:

 Subpart F--Community Facilities Technical Assistance and Training Grants

 Sec.

 3570.251

 Purpose.

 3570.252

 Definitions and abbreviations.

 3570.253

 Compliance with Federal and State requirements.

 3570.254

 Source of funds.

 3570.255

 Matching funds.

 3570.256

 Allocation of funds.

 3570.257

 Statute and regulation references.

 3570.258-3570.260

 [Reserved]

 3570.261

 Environmental and intergovernmental review.

 3570.262

 Applicant eligibility requirements.

 3570.263

 Eligible project purposes.

 3570.264

 Ineligible project purposes.

 3570.265-3570.266

 [Reserved]

 3570.267

 Applications.

 3570.268-3570.271

 [Reserved]

 3570.272

 Grant processing.

 3570.273

 Scoring.

 3570.274

 Fund disbursement.

 3570.275

 Grant cancellation or major changes.

 3570.276

 Reporting.

 3570.277

 Audit or financial statement.

 3570.278-3570.280

 [Reserved]

 3570.281

 Grant servicing.

 3570.282

 [Reserved]

 3570.283

 Exception authority.

 3570.284

 Review or appeal rights.

 3570.285-3570.299

 [Reserved]

 3570.300

 OMB control number.

 Subpart F--Community Facilities Technical Assistance and Training Grants

 § 3570.251

 Purpose.



 This subpart contains the provisions and procedures by which the Agency will
administer the Essential Community Facilities Technical Assistance and Training
Program. The purpose of the program is to provide technical assistance and
training with respect to essential community facilities programs. To meet this
purpose, the Agency will make grants to public bodies and private nonprofit
corporations, (such as States, counties, cities, townships, and incorporated
towns and villages, boroughs, authorities, districts, and Indian tribes on
Federal and State reservations) to provide associations Technical Assistance
and/or training with respect to essential community facilities programs. The
Technical Assistance and/or training will assist communities, Indian Tribes, and
Nonprofit Corporations to identify and plan for community facility needs that
exist in their area. Once those needs have been identified, the Grantee can
assist in identifying public and private resources to finance those identified
community facility needs.

 § 3570.252

 Definitions and abbreviations.



 The definitions and abbreviations in § 3570.53 apply to this subpart unless
otherwise provided. In addition, these definitions and abbreviations are used in
this subpart:



 Actual capacity. The demonstrated ability of the Technical Assistance Provider
to develop the capacity of Ultimate Recipients in the areas of developing
applications for the Community Facilities program, improving the management
capabilities of their community facilities, and providing training.



 Administrator. The Administrator of the Rural Housing Service (RHS).



 Applicant. Public bodies and private nonprofit corporations, (such as States,
counties, cities, townships, and incorporated towns and villages, boroughs,
authorities, districts, and Indian tribes on Federal and State reservations)
that has applied for, or intends to apply for, a Technical Assistance and
Training Grant under this subpart. The applicant must be either a Technical
Assistance Provider or an Ultimate Recipient.



 Audit. An examination of an organization's financial Statements by an
independent Certified Public Accountant (CPA), for the purpose of expressing an
opinion on the fairness with which the Statements present the financial
position, results of operations, and changes in cash flows in conformity with
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and for determining whether the
Applicant or Ultimate Recipient of Federal government funding has complied with
the applicable laws, regulations, and contract for those events reflected in the
financial Statements. All audits must meet the requirements of 2 CFR
200.500-200.518.



 Community ties. The significant ties to the Rural Area that need to be
demonstrated by a Nonprofit corporation who is an Ultimate Recipient, by either
substantial public funding through taxes, revenue bonds or other local
Government sources, and/or substantial voluntary community funding; and, a
broadly-based ownership and control by members of the community. It can also be
demonstrated by local membership and control characteristics.



 CONACT. The Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926 et seq).




 Conflict of interest. A situation in which a person or entity has competing
personal, professional, or financial interests that make it difficult for the
person or business to act impartially. Regarding use of both grant and matching
funds, Federal procurement standards prohibit transactions that involve a real
or apparent conflict of interest for owners, employees, officers, agents, or
their immediate family members having a financial or other interest in the
outcome of the Project; or that restrict open and free competition for
unrestrained trade. Specifically, Project funds may not be used for services or
goods going to, or coming from, a person or entity with a real or apparent
Conflict of Interest, including, but not limited to, owner(s) and their
immediate family members. An example of Conflict of Interest occurs when the
Grantee's employees, board of directors, or the immediate family of either, have
the appearance of a professional or personal financial interest in the Applicant
receiving the benefits or services of the grant.



 DUNS. A Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) which is obtained from Dun and
Bradstreet and is used when applying for Federal financial assistance.



 Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP). A widely accepted set of
rules, conventions, standards and procedures for reporting financial
information, as established by the Financial Accounting Standards Board.



 Indian Tribe. Any Indian Tribe, band, nation, or other organized group or
community, including Alaska Native village or regional or village corporation as
defined in or established pursuant to the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act
(85 Stat. 688) [43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.], which is recognized as eligible for the
special programs and services provided by the United States to Indians because
of their status as Indians.



 Jurisdiction. A unit of government or other entity with similar powers.
Examples include, but are not limited to: City, county, district, special
purpose district, township, town, borough, village, and State.



 Letter of Conditions. A legal document presented to the Applicant selected for
funding that outlines all conditions that must be agreed to and accepted before
final grant approval.



 Low income. A median household income (MHI) that does not exceed the State
Non-Metropolitan Median Household Income (SNMHI) or the Poverty Line, whichever
is higher.



 Multi-jurisdictional. Concerning two or more Jurisdictions.



 Professional services. Services provided by a person or entity having
specialized knowledge and skills to plan, design, prepare procurement,
construction, or other technical support documents, administer construction
contracts, and/or other related services for a Project.



 Project. The Technical Assistance that an Applicant is currently planning as
described in the Project description in the application, to be financed in whole
or in part with Agency assistance.



 Secretary. The Secretary of Agriculture.



 Technical Assistance. A function such as supervision, oversight, training, or
professional consultation related to an Essential Community Facility that is
performed for the benefit of an Ultimate Recipient or proposed Ultimate
Recipient, which is a problem solving activity, as determined by the Agency.



 Technical Assistance Provider. Grantee who will provide technical assistance to
Ultimate Recipients.



 Ultimate Recipient. Entity receiving assistance from the Grantee. If a
Nonprofit corporation is either applying for funding as an Ultimate Recipient or
is benefitting from the TAT Grant as the Ultimate Recipient, it must demonstrate
Community Ties to the Rural Area. These ties may be demonstrated by:



 (1) Obtaining substantial public funding through taxes revenue bonds, or other
local Government sources, and/or substantial voluntary community funding, or



 (2) Having a broadly-based ownership and control by members of the community,
or



 (3) Demonstrating all of the following characteristics:



 (i) Members of the organization are primarily from the local rural community,



 (ii) Membership is open to all adults in the local rural community,



 (iii) Members of the organization have ultimate control of the proposed
community facility; and



 (iv) The organization receives the majority of its funding from its members or
their volunteer efforts. Public bodies and Indian Tribes that are applying for
funding as Ultimate Recipients or are the benefitting from TAT grant funds as
the Ultimate Recipient are not required to further demonstrate Community ties to
the local Rural Areas.

 § 3570.253

 Compliance with Federal and State requirements.



 (a) Federal statutory requirements. Applicants must comply with, all applicable
Federal laws and Executive Order requirements including, but not limited to:



 (1) Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973.



 (2) Civil Rights Act of 1964.



 (3) The American with Disabilities Act (ADA) of 1990.



 (4) Executive Order 12549 Debarment and Suspension and 2 CFR parts 180 and 417.




 (5) Section 319 of Public Law 101-121 on Lobbying.



 (6) Age Discrimination Act of 1975.



 (7) Fair Housing Act of 1968.



 (8) Executive Order 11246 Equal Employment Opportunity.



 (9) Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972.



 (10) 2 CFR parts 200 and 400 "Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost
Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards".



 (b) State laws, local laws, regulatory commission regulations. Applicants must
comply with all applicable state and local laws and regulatory commission
regulations. If there are conflicts between this subpart and State or local laws
or regulations, the provisions of this subpart will control.

 § 3570.254

 Source of funds.



 The Agency will reserve 5 percent of any funds annually appropriated to carry
out each of the Essential Community Facilities grant, loan and loan guarantee
programs unless otherwise noted in the annual Notice published in the Federal
Register. TAT reserved grant funds not obligated by July 31 of each fiscal year
will be used to fund Essential Community Facilities grant, loan, and/or loan
guarantee programs.

 § 3570.255

 Matching funds.



 Any matching funds must comply with the requirements outlined at 2 CFR 200.306.


 § 3570.256

 Allocation of funds.



 The Agency will administer these grant funds and will award them on a
competitive basis.

 § 3570.257

 Statute and regulation references.



 All references to statutes and regulations are to include any and all successor
statutes and regulations.

 §§ 3570.258-3570.260

 [Reserved]

 § 3570.261

 Environmental and intergovernmental review.



 All grants awarded under this subpart are subject to the environmental
requirements of 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G. Technical Assistance under this
program is categorically excluded unless extraordinary circumstances exist.

 § 3570.262

 Applicant eligibility requirements.



 There are two types of Applicants. The applicant must be either a Technical
Assistance Provider or an Ultimate Recipient, and must meet eligibility
requirements before being considered for Agency assistance.



 (a) Applicants applying as Technical Assistance Providers must:



 (1) Be a public body or a private nonprofit corporation, (such as States,
counties, cities, townships, and incorporated towns and villages, boroughs,
authorities, districts, and Indian tribes on Federal and State reservations);



 (2) Be legally established and located within one of the following:



 (i) A State as defined § 3570.252; or



 (ii) The District of Columbia; and



 (3) Have the proven ability, background, experience (as evidenced by the
organization's satisfactory completion of Project(s) similar to those proposed),
legal authority and actual capacity to provide Technical Assistance and/or
training to Ultimate Recipients as provided in § 3570.252. To meet the
requirement of actual capacity, an Applicant must either:



 (i) Have the necessary resources to provide Technical Assistance and/or
training to associations in Rural Areas through its staff,



 (ii) Be assisted by an affiliate or member organization which has such
background and experience and which agrees, in writing, that it will provide the
technical assistance, or



 (iii) May contract with a nonaffiliated organization for not more than 49
percent of the awarded grant to provide the proposed technical assistance.



 (4) Nonprofits applying as Technical Assistance Providers must be designated
tax exempt by the Internal Revenue Service.



 (b) Applicants applying as Ultimate Recipients must be:



 (1) A public body,



 (2) An Indian Tribe, or



 (3) A Nonprofit corporation that demonstrates Community ties to the Rural Area
by:



 (i) Obtaining substantial public funding through taxes revenue bonds, or other
local Government sources, and/or substantial voluntary community funding,



 (ii) Having a broadly-based ownership and control by members of the community,
or



 (iii) Demonstrating all of the following characteristics:



 (A) Members of the organization are primarily from the local rural community,



 (B) Membership is open to all adults in the local rural community,



 (C) Members of the organization have ultimate control of the proposed community
facility; and



 (D) The organization receives the majority of its funding from its members or
their volunteer efforts.

 § 3570.263

 Eligible project purposes.



 (a) Grant funds and any matching funds may be used by Technical Assistance
Providers to:



 (1) Assist communities in identifying and planning for community facility
needs;



 (2) Identify resources to finance community facility needs from public and
private sources;



 (3) Prepare reports and surveys necessary to request financial assistance to
develop community facilities;



 (4) Prepare applications for Agency financial assistance;



 (5) Improve the management, including financial management, related to the
operation of community facilities; or



 (6) Assist with other areas of need identified by the Secretary.



 (b) Grant Funds and any matching funds may be used by Ultimate Recipients only
to prepare reports and surveys necessary to request financial assistance to
develop community facilities. Applicants applying as Ultimate Recipients will be
limited to this purpose.

 § 3570.264

 Ineligible project purposes.



 Ineligible purposes for grant funds and any matching funds include, but are not
limited to:



 (a) Duplicate services, such as those previously performed by an association's
consultant in developing a Project, including feasibility, design, Professional
Services, and cost estimates prior to receiving the grant award.



 (b) Purchase real estate or vehicles, improve or renovate office space, or
repair and maintain privately owned property.



 (c) Pay the costs for construction, improvement, rehabilitation, modification,
or operation and maintenance of an Essential Community Facility.



 (d) Procure applications for the Agency's community facilities or other loan or
grant program. Grant funds cannot be used to generate new applications; however,
as stated in § 3570.262(c)(4) funds can be used to assist with application
preparation for Agency programs.



 (e) Pay for other costs that are not allowed under 2 CFR part 200.



 (f) Pay an outstanding judgment obtained by the U.S. in a Federal Court (other
than in the United States Tax Court), which has been recorded. An Applicant will
be ineligible to receive a grant until the judgment is paid in full or otherwise
satisfied.



 (g) Intervene in Federal or adjudicatory proceedings.



 (h) Fund political or lobbying activities.



 (i) Conduct an income survey associated with developing a complete application
for a potential Applicant.



 (j) Pay for indirect or administrative costs in excess of 10% of the amount of
grant.



 (k) Prepare environmental assessments.



 (l) Provide assistance to an Ultimate Recipient, or a Project, that is not
located in a Rural Area.



 (m) Pay for expenses incurred more than three years after the date of the grant
agreement.



 (n) Provide assistance to a Project that primarily serves an area that is not
considered Low Income.



 (o) Fund a project where a Conflict of Interest exists.

 §§ 3570.265-3570.266

 [Reserved]

 § 3570.267

 Applications.



 (a) Filing period. The Agency will publish an annual notice in the Federal
Register stating the filing period, where to file, and all other applicable
information necessary to submit a complete application.



 (b) Application requirements. To file an application, an organization must
provide their DUNS number. An organization may obtain a DUNS number from Dun and
Bradstreet by calling (1-866-705-5711). To file a complete application the
following information must be submitted:



 (1) "Application for Federal Assistance (For Non-Construction)



 (2) "Budget Information--Non-Construction Programs."



 (3) "Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension, and Other Responsibility
Matters--Primary Covered Transaction."



 (4) "Certification Regarding Drug-Free Workplace Requirements (Grants)
Alternative 1--For Grantees Other Than Individuals."



 (5) "Certification Regarding Debarment."



 (6) Attachment regarding assistance provided to Agency Employees as required by
RD Instruction 1900-D (1900.153(a)), as applicable.



 (7) "Equal Opportunity Agreement."



 (8) "Assurance Agreement."



 (9) Indirect Cost Rate Agreement (if applicable, Applicant must include
approved cost agreement rate schedule).



 (10) Statement of Compliance with Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.



 (11) "Disclosure of Lobbying Activities" (include only if grant exceeds
$100,000).



 (c) Supporting information. All applications shall be accompanied by the
following supporting information:



 (1) For Nonprofit Corporations,



 (i) Certified copies of current organizational documents including Certificate
of Incorporation, bylaws, and Certificate of Good Standing,



 (ii) Evidence of tax exempt status from the Internal Revenue Service if
applying as a Technical Assistance Provider, and



 (iii) Evidence of Community Ties to a Rural Area if a Nonprofit Corporation
applying as an Ultimate Recipient.



 (2) For applicants applying as a Technical Assistance Provider, a narrative of
their experience in providing services similar to those proposed. The narrative
will provide a brief description of successfully completed Projects including
the need that was identified and objectives accomplished.



 (3) Latest financial information to show the Applicant's financial capacity to
carry out proposed work. A current Audit is preferred; however, Applicants may
submit a balance sheet and an income Statement in lieu of an Audit report.



 (4) Documentation of cash matching funds, if applicable.



 (5) List of proposed services to be provided.



 (6) For Applicants applying as Technical Assistance Providers who have not
identified the Ultimate Recipients, a narrative explaining how they will select
Ultimate Recipients to be assisted with grant funds.



 (7) Estimated breakdown of costs (direct and indirect) including those to be
funded by Grantee as well as matching funds and other sources. Sufficient detail
will be provided to permit the Agency to determine if the costs are allowed,
reasonable, and applicable.



 (8) Evidence that a Financial Management System used to track Project costs is
in place or proposed.



 (9) Documentation relevant to scoring criteria including, but not limited to:



 (i) List of Ultimate Recipients to be served and the county, State or States
where assistance will be provided. Identify Ultimate Recipients by name, or
other characteristics such as size, income, location, and provide MHI and
population data.



 (ii) Description of type of Technical Assistance and/or training to be provided
and the tasks to be contracted.



 (iii) Description of how the Project will be evaluated, clearly stated goals,
and the method proposed to measure results.



 (iv) Documentation of the need for the proposed service. Provide detailed
explanation of how the proposed service differs from other similar services
being provided in same area.



 (v) Personnel on staff or to be contracted to provide services and their
experience with similar Projects.



 (vi) Statement indicating the number of months it will take to complete the
Project or service, and



 (vii) Documentation on cost effectiveness of Project. Provide the cost per
Ultimate Recipient to be served or the proposed cost of personnel to provide
assistance.

 §§ 3570.268--3570.271

 [Reserved]

 § 3570.272

 Grant processing.



 (a)-(c) [Reserved]



 (d) Applications that are not selected for funding due to low rating will be
notified by the Agency. Applications that cannot be funded in the fiscal year
that the application was received will not be retained for consideration in the
following fiscal year.



 (e) Applicants selected for funding will need to accept the conditions set
forth in the Letter of Conditions, meet all such conditions, and complete a
grant agreement which outlines the terms and conditions of the grant award
before grant funds will be disbursed.

 § 3570.273

 Scoring.



 The Agency will score each application using the following scoring factors
unless otherwise provided in an annual Notice in the Federal Register:



 (a) Experience: Applicant Experience at developing and implementing successful
technical assistance and/or training programs:



 (1) More than 10 years--40 points.



 (2) More than 5 years to 10 years--25 points.



 (3) 3 to 5 years--10 points.



 (b) No prior grants received:



 (1) Applicant has never received a TAT Grant--5 points.



 (2) [Reserved]



 (c) Population: The average population of proposed area(s) to be served:



 (1) 2,500 or less--15 points.



 (2) 2,501 to 5,000--10 points.



 (3) 5,001 to 10,000--5 points.



 (d) MHI: The average median household income (MHI) of proposed area to be
served is below the higher of the poverty line or:



 (1) 60 percent of the State's MHI--15 points.



 (2) 70 percent of the State MHI--10 points.



 (3) 90 percent of the State's MHI--5 points.



 (e) Multi-jurisdictional: The proposed technical assistance or training project
a part of a Multi-jurisdictional project comprised of:



 (1) More than 10 jurisdictions--15 points.



 (2) More than 5 to 10 jurisdictions--10 points.



 (3) 3 to 5 jurisdictions--5 points.



 (f) Soundness of approach: Up to 10 points.



 (1) Needs assessment: The problem/issue being addressed is clearly defined,
supported by data, and addresses the needs;



 (2) Goals & objectives are clearly defined, tied to the need as defined in the
work plan, and are measurable;



 (3) Work plan clearly articulates a well thought out approach to accomplishing
objectives & clearly identifies who will be served by the project;



 (4) The proposed activities are needed in order for a complete Community
Facilities loan and/or grant application.



 (g) Matching funds:



 (1) There is evidence of the commitment of other cash funds of 20% of the total
project costs 10 points.



 (2) There is evidence of the commitment of other cash funds of 10% of the total
project costs 5 points.



 (h) State Director discretionary points. The State Director may award up to 10
discretionary points for the highest priority project in each state, up to 7
points for the second highest priority project in each state and up to 5 points
for the third highest priority project that address unforeseen exigencies or
emergencies, such as the loss of a community facility due to an accident or
natural disaster, or other areas of need in their particular state. The State
Director will place written documentation in the project file each time the
State Director assigns these points--Up to 10 points.



 (i) Administrator discretionary points. The Administrator may award up to 20
discretionary points for projects to address geographic distribution of funds,
emergency conditions caused by economic problems, natural disasters and other
initiatives identified by the Secretary--Up to 20 points.

 § 3570.274

 Fund disbursement.



 The Agency will make payments under this agreement in accordance with 2 CFR
200.305. All requests for advances or reimbursements must be in compliance with
2 CFR 200.306 and include any required matching fund usage.

 § 3570.275

 Grant cancellation or major changes.



 Any change in the scope of the Project, budget adjustments of more than 10
percent of the total budget, and any other significant change in the Project
must be in compliance with 2 CFR 200.308 and 200.339. The changes must be
requested in writing and approved by the Agency in writing. Any change not
approved may be cause for termination of the grant.

 § 3570.276

 Reporting.



 (a) The Grantee must provide periodic reports as required by the Agency. A
financial status report, SF 425 "Federal Financial Report,", and a project
performance report will be required as provided in the grant agreement. The
financial status report must show how grant funds and matching funds have been
used to date. A final report may serve as the last report. Grantees shall
constantly monitor performance to ensure that time schedules are being met and
projected goals by time periods are being accomplished. The Project performance
reports shall include, but are not limited to, the following:



 (1) A description of the activities that the funds reflected in the financial
status report were used for;



 (2) A comparison of actual accomplishments to the objectives for that period;



 (3) Reasons why established objectives were not met, if applicable;



 (4) Problems, delays, or adverse conditions which will affect attainment of
overall program objectives, prevent meeting time schedules or objectives, or
preclude the attainment of particular objectives during established time
periods. This disclosure shall be accomplished by a Statement of the action
taken or planned to resolve the situation;



 (5) Objectives and timetables established for the next reporting period;



 (6) A summary of the race, sex, and national origin of the Ultimate Recipients;




 (7) The final report will also address the following:



 (i) What have been the most challenging or unexpected aspects of this grant?



 (ii) What advice would you give to other organizations planning a similar
grant? What are the strengths and limitations of this grant? If you had the
opportunity, what would you have done differently?



 (iii) Are there any post-grant plans for this Project? If yes, how will they be
financed?



 (b) [Reserved]

 § 3570.277

 Audit or financial statement.



 The Grantee will provide an Audit report or financial Statement in accordance
with 2 CFR 200.500-200.517 and as follows:



 (a) Grantees expending $750,000 or more Federal funds per fiscal year will
submit an Audit conducted in accordance with 2 CFR parts 200, 215, 220, 225, 230
and 400, "Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit
Requirements for Federal Awards."



 (b) Grantees expending less than $750,000 will provide annual financial
Statements covering the grant period, consisting of the organization's statement
of income and expense and balance sheet signed by an appropriate Official of the
organization. Financial statements will be submitted within 90 days after the
Grantee's fiscal year.

 §§ 3570.278--3570.280

 [Reserved]

 § 3570.281

 Grant servicing.



 Grants will be serviced in accordance with 7 CFR part 1951, subpart E.

 § 3570.282

 [Reserved]

 § 3570.283

 Exception authority.



 The Administrator may make an exception to any requirement or provision of this
subpart, if such an exception is necessary to implement the intent of the
authorizing statutes in a time of national emergency or in accordance with a
Presidentially-declared disaster, or on a case-by-case basis, when such an
exception is in the best financial interest of the Federal Government and is
otherwise not in conflict with applicable laws. No exceptions, however, will be
granted for Applicant, Ultimate Recipient, or Project eligibility.

 § 3570.284

 Review or appeal rights.



 A person may seek a review of an Agency decision under this subpart from the
appropriate Agency official that oversees the program in question or appeal to
the USDA National Appeals Division in accordance with 7 CFR part 11.

 §§ 3570.285-3570.299

 [Reserved]

 § 3570.300

 OMB control number.



 The reporting and recordkeeping requirements contained in this regulation have
been submitted to the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) for approval.

 Dated: December 11, 2015.

 Tony Hernandez,

 Administrator, Rural Housing Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-00479 Filed 1-13-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                                3 of 5 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 26, 2016 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request

LENGTH: 716  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Housing Service Submission for OMB Review;
Comment Request July 21, 2016. The Department of Agriculture has submitted the
following information collection requirement(s) to OMB for review and clearance
under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13. Comments are
requested regarding (1) whether the collection of information is necessary for
the proper performance of the functions of the agency, including whether the
information will have practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the agency's
estimate of burden including the validity of the methodology and assumptions
used; (3) ways to enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the information to
be collected; and (4) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of
information on those who are to respond, including through the use of
appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection
techniques or other forms of information technology. Comments regarding this
information collection received by August 25, 2016 will be considered. Written
comments should be addressed to: Desk Officer for Agriculture, Office of
Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget (OMB), New
Executive Office Building, 725--17th Street NW., Washington, DC 20502.
Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB via email to:

OIRA_Submission@OMB.EOP.GOV or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250- 7602. Copies of the
submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202) 720- 8958. An agency may not
conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the collection of
information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the agency informs
potential persons who are to respond to the collection of information that such
persons are not required to respond to the collection of information unless it
displays a currently valid OMB control number. Rural Housing Service Title: 7
CFR 3570 Community Facilities Technical Assistance and Training Grant Program.
OMB Control Number: 0575-0198. Summary of Collection: The Community Facilities
Technical Assistance and Training (TAT) is a competitive grant program which the
Rural Housing Service (RHS) administers. Section 306 of the Consolidated Farm
and Rural Development Act (CONACT), 7 U.S.C. 1926, was amended by Section 6006
of the Agriculture Act of 2014 (Pub. L. 113-79) to establish the Community
Facilities Technical Assistance and Training Grant. Section 6006 authorized
grants be made to public bodies and private nonprofit corporations (including
Indian Tribes) that will serve rural areas for the purpose of enabling the
grantees to provide to associations technical assistance and training with
respect to essential community facilities authorized under Section 306(a)(1) of
the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926(a)). Grants can
be made for 100 percent of the cost of assistance. Need and Use of the
Information: Eligible entities receive TAT grants to help small rural
communities or areas identify and solve problems relating to essential community
facilities. The grant recipients may provide technical assistance to public
bodies and private nonprofit corporations. Applicants applying for TAT grants
must submit an application, which includes an application form, narrative
proposal, various other forms, certifications, and supplemental information. The
Rural Development State Offices and the RHS National Office staff will use the
information collected to determine applicant eligibility, project feasibility,
and the applicant's ability to meet the grant and regulatory requirements.
Failure to collect proper information could result in improper determinations of
eligibility or improper use of funds. Description of Respondents: Not-for-Profit
Institutions. Number of Respondents: 70. Frequency of Responses: Reporting:
Annually. Total Burden Hours: 2,184. Ruth Brown, Departmental Information
Collection Clearance Officer. [FR Doc. 2016-17606 Filed 7-25-16; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                                4 of 5 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 26, 2016 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request

LENGTH: 716  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Housing Service Submission for OMB Review;
Comment Request July 21, 2016. The Department of Agriculture has submitted the
following information collection requirement(s) to OMB for review and clearance
under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13. Comments are
requested regarding (1) whether the collection of information is necessary for
the proper performance of the functions of the agency, including whether the
information will have practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the agency's
estimate of burden including the validity of the methodology and assumptions
used; (3) ways to enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the information to
be collected; and (4) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of
information on those who are to respond, including through the use of
appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection
techniques or other forms of information technology. Comments regarding this
information collection received by August 25, 2016 will be considered. Written
comments should be addressed to: Desk Officer for Agriculture, Office of
Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget (OMB), New
Executive Office Building, 725--17th Street NW., Washington, DC 20502.
Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB via email to:

OIRA_Submission@OMB.EOP.GOV or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250- 7602. Copies of the
submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202) 720- 8958. An agency may not
conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the collection of
information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the agency informs
potential persons who are to respond to the collection of information that such
persons are not required to respond to the collection of information unless it
displays a currently valid OMB control number. Rural Housing Service Title: 7
CFR 3570 Community Facilities Technical Assistance and Training Grant Program.
OMB Control Number: 0575-0198. Summary of Collection: The Community Facilities
Technical Assistance and Training (TAT) is a competitive grant program which the
Rural Housing Service (RHS) administers. Section 306 of the Consolidated Farm
and Rural Development Act (CONACT), 7 U.S.C. 1926, was amended by Section 6006
of the Agriculture Act of 2014 (Pub. L. 113-79) to establish the Community
Facilities Technical Assistance and Training Grant. Section 6006 authorized
grants be made to public bodies and private nonprofit corporations (including
Indian Tribes) that will serve rural areas for the purpose of enabling the
grantees to provide to associations technical assistance and training with
respect to essential community facilities authorized under Section 306(a)(1) of
the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926(a)). Grants can
be made for 100 percent of the cost of assistance. Need and Use of the
Information: Eligible entities receive TAT grants to help small rural
communities or areas identify and solve problems relating to essential community
facilities. The grant recipients may provide technical assistance to public
bodies and private nonprofit corporations. Applicants applying for TAT grants
must submit an application, which includes an application form, narrative
proposal, various other forms, certifications, and supplemental information. The
Rural Development State Offices and the RHS National Office staff will use the
information collected to determine applicant eligibility, project feasibility,
and the applicant's ability to meet the grant and regulatory requirements.
Failure to collect proper information could result in improper determinations of
eligibility or improper use of funds. Description of Respondents: Not-for-Profit
Institutions. Number of Respondents: 70. Frequency of Responses: Reporting:
Annually. Total Burden Hours: 2,184. Ruth Brown, Departmental Information
Collection Clearance Officer. [FR Doc. 2016-17606 Filed 7-25-16; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                                5 of 5 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 27, 2016 Wednesday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 702  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Housing Service
(RHS)



  The Department of Agriculture has submitted the following information
collection requirement(s) to OMB for review and clearance under the Paperwork
Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13. Comments are requested regarding (1)
whether the collection of information is necessary for the proper performance of
the functions of the agency, including whether the information will have
practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden including
the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to enhance the
quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; and (4) ways to
minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to
respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology.





 Comments regarding this information collection received by August 25, 2016 will
be considered. Written comments should be addressed to: Desk Officer for
Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management
and Budget (OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725--17th Street NW.,
Washington, DC 20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB
via email to: OIRA_Submission@OMB.EOP.GOV or fax (202) 395-5806 and to
Departmental Clearance Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC
20250-7602. Copies of the submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202)
720-8958.



 An agency may not conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the
collection of information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the
agency informs potential persons who are to respond to the collection of
information that such persons are not required to respond to the collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB control number.

 Rural Housing Service



 Title: 7 CFR 3570 Community Facilities Technical Assistance and Training Grant
Program.



 OMB Control Number: 0575-0198.



 Summary of Collection: The Community Facilities Technical Assistance and
Training (TAT) is a competitive grant program which the Rural Housing Service
(RHS) administers. Section 306 of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development
Act (CONACT), 7 U.S.C. 1926, was amended by Section 6006 of the Agriculture Act
of 2014 (Pub. L. 113-79) to establish the Community Facilities Technical
Assistance and Training Grant. Section 6006 authorized grants be made to public
bodies and private nonprofit corporations (including Indian Tribes) that will
serve rural areas for the purpose of enabling the grantees to provide to
associations technical assistance and training with respect to essential
community facilities authorized under Section 306(a)(1) of the Consolidated Farm
and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926(a)). Grants can be made for 100 percent
of the cost of assistance.



 Need and Use of the Information: Eligible entities receive TAT grants to help
small rural communities or areas identify and solve problems relating to
essential community facilities. The grant recipients may provide technical
assistance to public bodies and private nonprofit corporations. Applicants
applying for TAT grants must submit an application, which includes an
application form, narrative proposal, various other forms, certifications, and
supplemental information. The Rural Development State Offices and the RHS
National Office staff will use the information collected to determine applicant
eligibility, project feasibility, and the applicant's ability to meet the grant
and regulatory requirements. Failure to collect proper information could result
in improper determinations of eligibility or improper use of funds.



 Description of Respondents: Not-for-Profit Institutions.



 Number of Respondents: 70.



 Frequency of Responses: Reporting: Annually.



 Total Burden Hours: 2,184.

 Ruth Brown,

 Departmental Information Collection Clearance Officer.

 [FR Doc. 2016-17606 Filed 7-25-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
